Commodity plastics are made from oil or natural gas. Bioplastics, by contrast, are made from biomass: corn, soya, or sugar cane. Fermenting of biomass gives alcohols that are de-hydrolysed ethane and propane, cracked to convert them to ethylene or propylene, and polymerized to make bio-PE, bio-PP or bio-PET. These ‘drop-in’ bio-based plastics have properties that are identical to their oil-based equivalent, which they directly replace. Other biopolymers, such as PLA and PHA, are uniquely biological. It is claimed that between 85 and 90% of all fossil-based plastic could be replaced by bio-based plastic.Is the claim valid? Would replacing oil-based plastics with bioplastics be a sustainable development? Is it practical to replace even half of present-day plastic production with bioplastics within the time frame of the UN Sustainable Development Goals, meaning by 2030? This chapter explores the proposition.
Soil acidification is a major threat to agricultural sustainability in tropical and subtropical regions. Biodegradable and environmentally friendly materials, such as calcium lignosulfonate (CaLS), calcium poly(aspartic acid) (PASP-Ca), and calcium poly γ-glutamic acid (γ-PGA-Ca), are known to effectively ameliorate soil acidity. However, their effectiveness in inhibiting soil acidification has not been studied. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of CaLS, PASP-Ca, and γ-PGA-Ca on the resistance of soil toward acidification as directly and indirectly (i.e., via nitrification) caused by the application of HNO3 and urea, respectively. For comparison, Ca(OH)2 and lignin were used as the inorganic and organic controls, respectively. Among the materials, γ-PGA-Ca drove the substantial improvements in the pH buffering capacity (pHBC) of the soil and exhibited the greatest potential in inhibiting HNO3-induced soil acidification via protonation of carboxyl, complexing with Al3+, and cation exchange processes. Under acidification induced by urea, CaLS was the optimal one in inhibiting acidification and increasing exchangeable acidity during incubation. Furthermore, the sharp reduction in the population sizes of ammonia-oxidizing bacteria (AOB) and ammonia-oxidizing archaea (AOA) confirmed the inhibition of nitrification via CaLS application. Therefore, compared to improving soil pHBC, CaLS may play a more important role in suppressing indirect acidification. Overall, γ-PGA-Ca was superior to PASP-Ca and CaLS in enhancing the soil pHBC and the its resistance to acidification induced by HNO3 addition, whereas CaLS was the best at suppressing urea-driven soil acidification by inhibiting nitrification. In conclusion, these results provide a reference for inhibiting soil re-acidification in intensive agricultural systems.
Solid polymer electrolytes (SPEs) are promising substitutes for current flammable liquid electrolytes to achieve high-safety and high-energy-density lithium metal batteries. Polyethylene oxide (PEO) based solid polymer electrolytes have attracted increasing attention because of their excellent flexibility, manufacturability, light weight, and low-cost processing, while they often suffer from low ionic conductivity at room temperature, low lithium transference number and unsatisfactory interfacial resistance, which largely restrain their practical application. Herein, two-dimensional holey silica nanosheets (2D-HSN) as the fillers, together with LiNO3 as the electrolyte additive, are introduced in a PEO/poly(vinylidene fiuoride-co-hexafluoropropylene) (PVDF-HFP) blended polymer matrix to obtain a SPE. The incorporation of HSN filler creates supplementary channels for lithium ion migration and lowers the crystallinity of the polymer, thereby facilitating the movement of lithium ions. The HSN-based SPE demonstrates higher ionic conductivity up to 3.7 × 10−4 S cm−1 at 30 °C, larger Li+ transference number close to 0.34, and more stable lithium plating/stripping than that without the fillers, and HSN can promote the formation of more stable solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) layer. The as-assembled LiFePO4||Li batteries deliver a high specific capacity of 159 mA h g−1 with the capacity retention of 95.5% after 200 cycles at 30 °C, as well as superior rate performance and cycling stability compared to that using the blank SPE.
Nanocomposites have been considered as valuable podia for the development of sensors. Among nanocomposites, polymeric nanocomposites have caused significant breakthroughs in the field of sensing technology. The polymer-based nanocomposites have been successfully employed for sensor formation. In this regard, conducting polymers, thermoplastic, and elastomeric polymers have been used. Nanocarbons and inorganic nanoparticles (metal nanoparticles and metal oxides) have been used with the polymer matrices to develop the sensors. The sensing properties and performance visibly depend on the interaction between the nanocomposites and the analyte species such as gases, chemicals, ions, biological species and other response conditions. The nanocomposites-based sensors have superior sensitivity, electrical conductivity, selectivity, response, and performance relative to neat polymers and other nanomaterials. Specifically, nanocomposites’ applications have been verified for biosensing, chemical sensing, strain sensing, and gas sensing.
This chapter provides a comprehensive overview of smart textiles. The first part deals with the evolution of smart textiles and their classification based on the degree of smartness, integration, and sufficiency. The second part deals with the components of a smart textile system with a specific example. The third part deals with conductive and responsive textile materials that can be potentially used to develop smart textile systems. Then, in the next part, chapter four, the manufacturing methods of smart textiles from different smart components at different stages have been discussed. Subsequently, in chapter five, the possible application areas of smart textiles are investigated. Finally, the prospects of smart textiles, especially those of intelligent polymers, and 4D printing, are discussed.
In a conductometric gas sensor the surface adsorption of a gaseous analyte onto a sensible material is transduced into the electric device conductance variation and correlated to the actual concentration of the analyte. In this article we discuss the physico-chemical operating mechanism of both semiconductor metal-oxides (MOX) and nonoxide materials, such as Polymers, Carbon Nanotubes and 2D materials, the two main classes of sensing materials this class of devices is based on. The device design and its fabrication process are also illustrated together with the characterization techniques used for the measurement of the gas sensor performances. The several fields of applications are, finally, briefly reported.
Sensor technology has advanced exponentially in the past few decades. In this trend, the discovery and development of electroactive polymers can be considered a breaking point in this field. Also, the combination of materials with the development of nanotechnology was able to produce miniaturized devices with superior sensing properties. This chapter is presented in the following order: first, an introductory section seeks to explain the basic vocabulary and the essential concepts for organic-based sensors. After, the main phenomena that involve the use of organic polymers in sensors, especially chemical sensors, are presented. The third part highlights the main characteristics of conducting polymers associated with technological development in chemistry, physics, and engineering and how it enabled many sensors. Next, in the fourth part, examples of organic polymer applications through relevant literature reports are presented. Finally, some challenges from human society are highlighted where sensor and biosensor technology new developments are essential.
In this chapter, we cover the subject of electronic tattoos (e-tattoos) as a sub-class of innovative wearable skin-conformable substrate-free electronics. The e-tattoos can be integrated with the skin to monitor the individual’s vital signs and translate them into computer and machine interfaces. The conformal adhesion of the e-tattoos to skin with its microcavities, cracks, and grooves makes the e-tattoos superior to any other ‘wearable’ systems in terms of user comfort, signal-to-noise ratio, etc. The modern e-tattoos are routinely used to obtain a variety of biopotentials, including EEG, ECG, EMG, EOG, alongside temperature, hydration, pressure, fatigue, light, and chemical sensing, leading to advanced therapeutics.
This work introduced a novel electronic device for simultaneous determination of ferritin and transferrin in real matrices. Here, a pencil graphite electrode was chosen as a platform and its surface was modified with multiwalled carbon nanotubes-ionic liquid and electrochemically reduced fullerene-C60. Finally, the surface of the biosensor was modified by dual template molecularly imprinted polymers which were produced by electropolymerization of 2-amino-5-mercapto-1, 3, 4-thiadiazole, and ferritin and transferrin as template molecules. To generate a square wave voltammetric signal from the biosensor to simultaneous determination of ferritin and transferrin, it was incubated into a solution having ferritin and transferrin and then, it was immersed into an electrochemical probe solution. By incubation of the biosensor with ferritin and transferrin, the pathways within its molecularly imprinted polymer layer were occupied by ferritin and transferrin therefore, it was reasonable to observe decreasing of the height of its square wave voltammetric response. Because of the nature of the square wave voltammetric data (potential shifts), incubation of the biosensor with ferritin and transferrin produced two severely overlapped peaks while incubation of the biosensor with both of them generated a single peak. Therefore, for simultaneous determination of ferritin and transferrin, the biosensor was assisted by three-way calibration with the help of second-order square wave voltammetric data which helped me to develop a very efficient electronic device for simultaneous determination of ferritin (sensitivity: 6.5 ​μA ​nM−1, limit of detection: 0.01 ​nM) and transferrin (sensitivity: 6.1 ​μA ​nM−1, limit of detection: 0.012 ​nM) in serum samples whose performance was comparable with a reference method.
Probiotic foods and dietary supplements are increasing in popularity in the marketplace, as their health promotion and disease prevention benefits are gaining more recognition from health professionals and consumers. Fermented products are commonly used for probiotic delivery, such as yogurts, kefir, kombucha, culture drinks, and cheeses. Dietary supplements, traditionally marketed in capsules, tablets, and powders, represent a relatively minor but rapidly growing niche market. Food products such as infant formula, breakfast cereals, nutrition bars, and powder drinks are convenient formats for probiotic supplementation. Overall, global sales of probiotic foods, supplements, and ingredients amounted to $54.77 billion in 2020 and are projected to reach $95.25 billion in 2028 (Report 2020). Even with the numerous probiotic products available in the marketplace today, manufacturing processes, product shelf-life, and effective delivery remain the core challenges facing the probiotic industry, particularly in food matrices and dietary supplements.
In nature, there are many biologically active proteins and peptides that exhibit their function through the rearrangement of lipid assemblies in the cell membrane. Such a rearrangement of the lipid assembly induced by the proteins or peptides significantly alters the morphology and the physicochemical properties of the membrane. Previously, several synthetic polymers have been designed to exhibit biological functions through the interaction with membranes by mimicking the amphiphilic structures of membrane-active proteins or peptides. Although the designed amphiphilic polymers have very simplified structures compared to parent proteins or peptides, they have successfully simulated biological activities as well as action mechanisms. In this chapter, we introduce an attempt to design the membrane-active synthetic polymers that mimic membrane-active antimicrobial peptides as well as a lipid nanodisc-forming apolipoprotein.
Polymer electrolytes (PEs) are lightweight, flexible, non-flammable solutions and provide a feasible way to replace organic liquid electrolytes because of the safety issues faced by energy storage devices. Inorganic nanofillers are vital in enhancing ionic conductivity by creating additional pathways in polymer-based nanocomposite solid electrolytes. The advances in polymer electrolytes play an essential role in developing the energy storage devices such as batteries. This article briefly summarises the preparation techniques of different polymer electrolytes, developing and focusing on fundamental properties such as surface morphology, electrolyte phases, and the influence of dopants, fillers, and plasticizers on the ionic charge transfer, ionic conductivity, dielectric properties, and transport properties using impedance spectroscopy. We anticipate that gives clear direction for developing energy storage devices.
Nowadays, nanoclay-reinforced polymers are one of the most widely used nanocomposites due to their high aspect ratio, higher contact area and their unique properties. These composites are used in a number of industrial applications, such as construction (building sections and structural panels), automotive (gas tanks, bumpers, interior and exterior panels), chemical processes (catalysts), pharmaceutical (as carriers of drugs and penetrants), aerospace (flame retardant panels and high performance components), food packaging and textiles, etc. Their interphase properties are essential for determining their proper design and safety application when applying large mechanical loads on them. In this work, a parametric analysis is performed to investigate how the change in the interphase properties influences the interphase shear stress (ISS) and interphase peel stress (IPS) in a nanoclay/polymer nanocomposite structure, subjected to axial load. The two-dimensional (2D) stress-function method is applied, which results in obtaining an analytical solution for ISS and IPS. The implemented parametric analysis shows how varying of the interphase mechanical properties (Young's modulus and Poisson's ratio) and their geometric properties (thickness and length) influence the value of the model interphase stresses. It was found, that increasing the value of Young modulus of the interphase does not change significantly the value of the model ISS, as well as the value of IPS, in the considered nanoclay/polymer structure. On the other hand, increasing the value of the interphase layer thickness becomes important for the value of ISS and IPS after 25nm. It turned out, that the interphase layer length is the most appreciable parameter, influencing both the model ISS and IPS. The obtained results could be useful for the proper design and safety application of similar nanoclay/polymer composites in industry.
The purpose of this research is to prepare anti-gnawing bio-polymer composites and to investigate morphology, thermal and rheological properties. The non-lethal substances of denatonium benzoate (DB) mixed with zinc stearate (ZnSt) and capsicum oleoresin (CO) impregnated in silica (SiCO) were mixed with polybutylene succinate (PBS). DB gives the bitter taste and CO provides burning sensation to the rats. The concentration of DB/ZnSt is 2 wt% and concentration of SiCO is ranging from 12 to 24 wt%. The influence of the substances and concentration is analyzed by the analysis of variance (ANOVA) method. The substances and concentration are most significant with P-values less than 0.05. The specimens were examined gnawing test for 3 months. The best rat-proof sample is 12S, consisting of SiCO 12 wt%. SiCO presents better rat-proof property than DB. The incorporation of DB/ZnSt reduced rheological properties and thermal stability. The increase in SiCO concentration in PBS improved rheological properties and thermal properties. The PBS composites are good rat-preventing plastics.
Thiolation is a well-known potential polymer modification approach imparting the mucoadhesive properties on the tailored (modified) derivatives of polymers. The tailoring of polymers via the introduction of thiol groups (SH) to the polymers usually presents elevated biomucoadhesive characteristics when applied to the biological system. Actually, the thiol groups occurred in the thiol-modified (thiolated) polymers structure disulfide linkage in between the thiolated polymer(s) and the mucus lining of the biological surfaces improving its biomucoadhesion. Thiolated natural polysaccharides are being used as mucoadhesive excipients in formulations of various mucoadhesive drug delivery systems. The improved efficacy of thiolated natural polysaccharides made mucoadhesive drug delivery systems have already been demonstrated in many studies, both in vitro and in vivo. The current chapter envisages summarizing the synthesis of various thiolated natural polysaccharides and their potential uses in drug delivery applications.
The liquid electrolytes used in lithium-ion batteries are not compatible with next-generation batteries. Lithium batteries offer a high power density, a consistent performance, and are quite safe. Although solid polymeric electrolyte membranes were researched for years, moving these materials ahead for actual use remains a challenge. The development of polymeric ionic liquid (PIL) electrolytes which reap the benefits from combined polymeric as well as inorganic components is regarded as a significant approach toward achieving breakthroughs. In practically all current electrochemical devices, polymer electrolytes (PEs) play a key role. Significant research has been done to improve PEs’ performance since their inception, and as a result, PEs has achieved many historical milestones. Ionic liquids are environmentally friendly, electrochemical materials with distinct advantages. This chapter describes the ion conductivity, electrochemical properties, and thermal and mechanical properties of PIL electrolytes.
Conducting polymers (CPs) are a significant family of organic functional materials that have a variety of applications. Their unique physical and electrical characteristics, as well as the fact that they are affordable, simple to produce, and appropriate matrices for biomolecule immobilization, have allowed them to find a broad variety of uses, including roles in batteries, supercapacitors, solar cells, electrochromic devices, sensors, and biomedical applications. In order to improve the performance of CPs, several composite materials using carbon-based materials, metals, or metal oxides, among other ingredients, have been developed. This review explores in detail CPs and their composites, followed by a discussion of the applications of CPs. CPs and their composites are used in immunosensors, and the objective of this study is to outline the immunosensors that are based on CPs and their composites, as well as to discuss future features of immunosensor materials.
Shape memory polymers are the materials that can convert its shapes or dimensions when subjected to temperature, moisture, heat, solvents, etc. Shape memory polymers play a vital role in recent biomedical applications, peculiarly eco-friendly polymers. This chapter briefly emphasizes shape memory polymers, different polymers used for shape memory polymer sutures, and the requirements and their applications.
Pharmaceuticals help humans to improve their quality of life. For this reason, it is necessary to use them in minimal quantities, achieving the therapeutic effect. The use of organic platforms for nanoencapsulation of bioactive compounds is focused on overcoming the drawbacks of conventional drug delivery approaches. These nanocarriers protect bioactive compounds (reducing the vulnerability to acidic degradation, microorganisms, and UV light) and provide enhanced water solubility, stability, bioavailability, and bioactivity, reducing the toxicity in nontarget organs related to a high dosage. Besides, the nanoparticles can be carefully designed in order to combine both the diagnostics and the therapy, resulting in unique systems called theranostic nanoparticles. To date, different nanoencapsulation methods have been developed in order to achieve a high drug loading efficiency. The selection of the encapsulation method, the physicochemical properties of the polymers, the type of nanoparticle, and the nature of the guest molecule are relevant factors to be considered during nanoencapsulation. Hydrogen bonding, electrostatic binding, hydrophobic and aromatic interactions (in physical entrapment and self-assembly), and covalent bonds (in covalent conjugation) are commonly involved in the entrapment of bioactive compounds by polymer-based nanocarriers. Depending on the chemical structures of the platform and the bioactive compounds that are used, the morphology, particle size, and zeta potential (surface charge) of the final formulation can be similar or significantly different to that observed for a single platform. In this chapter, useful strategies for nanoencapsulation of phytochemicals (e.g., phenolic compounds) and their results are reviewed, and examples using liposomes, micelles, polyelectrolyte complexes, nanogels, and dendrimers are described.
The advancements in the field of nanotechnology allow the formulation of phytochemicals into a wide variety of nanomaterials. Encapsulation in nanostructures makes them more stable and less toxic, making it feasible that they arrive at a specific disease area without affecting other organs. This chapter is focused on 0D nanomaterials, which means nanomaterials with all three dimensions on the nanometric scale, with specific shapes and architectures on the nanoscale, usually termed as nanoparticles, but it comprises nanoparticles, nanorods, dendrimers, grafted polymers, nanogels, nanometric micelles, nanometric polymersomes, core-shell nanocapsules, among others. The chapter starts with a general classification and description of nanomaterials and continues with its separation due to their origin in synthetic and natural nanomaterials. The following subchapters are dedicated to the synthetic methods that allow the preparation of nanoparticles in different architectures, including polymerization strategies like conventional, grafting, crosslinking, and copolymerization; functionalization of polymers and nanomaterials; and self-assembly methods.
Bioelectrochemical systems (BESs) venerated as superior entities exploiting the capacity of microbial species with solid electron acceptors/donors to achieve simultaneous wastewater treatment and recovery of valuable resources. However, overall performance of the system is determined by typical parameters such as the electrochemical properties, concentration of contaminants, applied potential, electrode material, carbon levels, temperature, and salinity. Recent advancements employ the synergetic interaction of BESs with that of the nano membrane technology for high efficiency treatment of wastewater and recovery. This chapter summarizes cutting-edge technologies such as membranes impregnated with nanomaterials and hybrid BESs technologies; moreover, it gives a perspective on current challenges encountered and future trends.
Fibre-reinforced polymer composites are acknowledged to offer some of the highest specific properties (stiffness, strength) of any engineering materials, but this chapter takes a look at why these materials are not more widely adopted for general structural applications. A brief introduction explains the synergy created between the fibres and the polymer, enabling the applied load to be shared by the two constituents. The chapter discusses the links amongst manufacturing process, mechanical performance, and cost, providing a brief history of technology developments, before considering new applications and future challenges faced by the sector.
This chapter gives an introduction to liquid composite moulding (LCM) processes, which are frequently used in the industrial production of composite components. In LCM, a dry fibrous reinforcement is formed to the component geometry, placed in some form of closed mould where an applied compaction pressure determines the fibre volume fraction, and then impregnated with a liquid polymer matrix system. The impregnated reinforcement is left in the mould until resin cure is complete. Then the rigid composite is demoulded, and the component is finished. Whilst complete impregnation of the reinforcement with the matrix system is important for all composites manufacturing processes, long-range resin flow occurs only in LCM. An overview of the physical effects governing LCM processes and determining the quality of the component and the process cycle time is given. Relevant reinforcement and matrix properties are discussed, and frequently used process variants are described, focusing on practical issues.
Tribology is the science of friction, lubrication, and wear. The primary need for the implementation of tribological technology is to reduce carbon dioxide emissions while also minimizing the loss in energy due to friction among the components moving relative to one another. Polymers, owing to their tribological properties and the ease in the cost-effectiveness associated with the bulk production of polymers, are indeed essential in material engineering. A lot of research inputs in the field of polymer tribology have given insights into the mechanism involved in friction and wear of polymers. Gears, bearings, synthetic human joint bearings, tires, and automobile brake pads are some of the tribological applications of polymers. The factors that affect the tribological characteristics of polymers include temperature, the relative speed of the surfaces in contact, load, and other environmental considerations. Hence, only few pristine polymers meet the tribological requirements. Therefore, polymer composites are nowadays widely employed. Due to their considerable weight, size, and cost reduction, they have attracted attention of a lot of researchers and industrialists. They also exhibit enhanced tribological properties and performance in the automobile industry. Despite these advantages, reinforcement of polymer composites with nanosized materials is in the limelight. The high surface area of the nanosized material leads to an increased number of interfaces between the phases of the mixed constituents. Also, a reduction in the size of the reinforcing material reduces the mean distance between particles, thereby enhancing its interaction. The commonly used reinforcing materials are nanofibers and nanofibrils, which enhance the tribological properties of polymer composites. The reinforcement improves the properties of the polymer only when it is dispersed homogeneously in the polymer matrices. This, in turn, depends on the chemical interaction of the nanofiber/nanofibril with the polymer matrix. The interaction among them is improved via the surface modification of the reinforcing material. This chapter deals with the various polymer matrices, nanofibers, and nanofibrils employed as reinforcing materials to enhance the tribological properties of the polymer composites.
Carbon-based film is a type of material with carbon as the main component that is obtained by physical vapor deposition or chemical vapor deposition technology. It mainly includes diamond film, diamond-like carbon film with mainly sp3 structure, graphite-like carbon film with mainly sp2 structure, and polymer-like carbon film with high hydrogen content and similar hydrocarbon polymer characteristics. Carbon-based film exhibits many excellent physical and chemical properties by adjusting composition and structure, such as high hardness, low friction, high wear resistance, chemical stability, and good biocompatibility. Therefore it has a variety of special functions to meet the needs of aerospace, military industry, information, energy, medical, high-end manufacturing, and other fields.
In this chapter, we discuss a bottom-up multiscale modeling approach that effectively investigates the failure behaviors of carbon fiber-reinforced polymer (CFRP) composites by integrating low-scale structural and mechanical attributes. Computational models of four length scales are constructed and integrated to characterize CFRP composites with complex structures. Specifically, the mechanical properties of the nanoscale fiber/matrix interphase region are determined by molecular dynamics simulation results and an analytical gradient model. The interphase region is then incorporated into microscale representative volume element (RVE) models to characterize the failure strength and envelopes of unidirectional CFRP composites. These results are leveraged to propose an elastic-plastic-damage constitutive law for the fiber tows in woven composites, which more efficiently describes the mechanical response of mesoscale structural elements. Then, the failure mechanisms and failure strength of woven composites are effectively predicted and studied by mesoscale RVE models. Finally, building upon the models and results from lower scales, a homogenized macroscale model is shown to capture the mechanical performance of a U-shaped part under four-point bending. Along with the model integration, we also show that computational results are in good agreement with experiments conducted at different scales.
Diseases caused by pathogenic viruses, such as Ebola, Zika, HIV, and SARS-CoV-2, have challenged the world in recent years leading to an urgent need for novel virus diagnostic technologies in medical, sanitation, and food applications. Unlike current technologies, biosensors present an enormous potential to address the demand for sensitive, robust, and cost-effective virus detection tools employing various recognition units such as antibodies, enzymes, peptides, nucleic acids, peptide nucleic acids, and molecularly imprinted polymers to specifically target viral protein, genetic material, or whole virus. These elements are often combined with quantum dots, nanocomposites, metallic nanoparticles, and graphene to enhance the sensing performance. In this chapter, while reviewing the current trends in virus diagnostics, we discuss the working principles of various virus biosensors by focusing on affinity materials, transducer properties, fabrication methods, and nanostructures involved to provide a deep understanding of virus targeting sensor platforms.
Over the past few years, nanotechnology and drug delivery have introduced a new class of composites, “nano-biocomposites,” due to their versatile properties such as increased oral bioavailability, high surface area, controlled drug release, and decreased toxicity with fewer side effects. The nano-biocomposite is made by dispersing metal or metal oxide nanofillers in the matrix of single biopolymer or blend of biopolymers. Most commonly used metal/metal oxide nanofillers are silver (Ag), zinc oxide (ZnO), magnetite (Fe3O4), aluminum oxide (Al2O3), and titanium oxide (TiO2). This chapter presents an overview of nano-biocomposites preparation, characterization, and evaluation. It also discusses the recent research and development on deploying metal or metal oxide reinforced biocomposites for controlled drug delivery applications. Still, efforts are being made to evaluate the performance and overcome the limitations of nanofiller reinforced biocomposites.
Emerging solar cells has brought a new era to the photovoltaic world owing to their low fabrication costs, facile processing pathways and a broad spectrum of practical applications. For improving the overall performance of the emerging solar cells, various semiconducting 2-dimensional (2D) materials have been developed. One of the potential materials that has delivered positive outcome in many studies pertinent to emerging solar cells is graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4). g-C3N4 exhibits excellent optical properties, high thermal physical-chemical stability, and environmental friendly nature. Although the development of g-C3N4 for emerging solar cells are still in the nascent stages, g-C3N4 can be employed in the devices in versatile manner including as additive, counter electrode, and charge transporting layer. In this chapter, the progress of the research and development of g-C3N4 for various emerging solar cell applications such as dye-sensitized, quantum-dots sensitized, organic, and perovskite solar cells will be presented.
Interleaving composite materials with electrospun veils represents a major approach for toughening and increasing impact resistance of anisotropic and ply-by-ply laminated structures. The available results, despite not allowing conclusive generalizations, highlight significant improvements in Mode I and Mode II interlaminar fracture toughness and low-velocity impact resistance, without significant weight penalty and loss in in-plane mechanical properties. Electrospinning offers industrial scalability and the possibility to design universal toughening systems by creating nanofibers with a shell-core structure with tailored adhesion with the hosting matrix and suitable nanofiber bridging. Electrospun nanofibers, besides being potentially less harmful to people and environment, through a careful selection of polymer types, solvents, and nanofiber dimensions, are also easily compatible with standard composite manufacturing processes. This approach can also imbue the resulting composites with additional sensing and self-healing functionalities.
Fiber-reinforced polymer (FRP) composites have become essential materials for maintaining and strengthening the existing infrastructure. Many new innovative types of hybrid material and structural systems have been developed using FRP composite materials. Increased utilization of FRP requires that structural engineers and practitioners be able to understand the behavior of FRP materials and to design composite structures. This book provides an overview of different advanced FRP composites and the use of these materials in a variety of application areas. This chapter specifically covers a brief review on FRP applications and gives an outline of the book.
This chapter summarizes some crucial parameters in preparing electrospun membranes for fuel cell applications. The electrospinning setup mainly consists of three essential parts: a high voltage supply, a steel needle with a pump, and a conductive collector. The basic operating parameters of electrospinning are discussed to gain an understanding of electrospun membranes. The effect of the operational parameters governed by the electrospinning process toward the formation of electrospun nanofibers is examined explicitly. The recent applications of electrospun membranes in fuel cells have also been discussed. Well-controlled electrospinning parameters will provide a smaller diameter of nanofibers with increasing ionic domains that will consequently promise enhanced fuel cell performance. Thus, by reviewing all the above matters, it is believed that the understanding of the electrospinning process can be a powerful platform for the fabrication of a desirable electrospun membrane that can further improve the membrane performance as a polymer electrolyte membrane.
Fibre-reinforced polymer composites (FRPs) are extensively used in protective elements and structures exposed to a wide range of impact loading. The range of application is comprehensive, with impact velocities (and, consequently, impact energies) ranging from low to high levels. As widely reported, damage mechanisms in FRPs are observed to change significantly with the nature of impact and hence need better understanding and assessment. In this chapter, impact events are studied in some detail using a numerical approach in analysis of various experimental data. Finite-element models of FRPs, once accurately developed and validated, allow elucidation of various deformation and damage mechanisms underpinning composite failure across impact-velocity envelopes. In this regard, results are discussed that were obtained from the authors’ work on air blast on FRPs and ballistic impact on woven composites using a numerically accurate and computationally efficient modelling framework.
Recent advances in additive manufacturing (AM) have gained a significant attention of researchers thanks to its notable benefits compared to traditional manufacturing methods. The AM process (also known as 3D printing) is a layer-by-layer adhesion of the material to fabricate a 3D structure. Different techniques are used to manufacture such structures depending on the type and state of the raw materials. The most common method is fused deposition filament (FDM) using polymers such as poly-lactic acid, acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, polycarbonate, and nylon. The current FDM process is able to fabricate specialised structures of complex geometry, however, the performance of such structures is affected by weak interfaces and porosity associated with 3D printing. Research in such materials is limited mostly to quasi-static conditions.This chapter focuses on the performance of AM composites under dynamic regime compared with their bulk counterparts. A systematic review is provided for AM metal-matrix alloys, AM polymers, and AM polymer composites. The discussion covers the manufacturing processes as they significantly affect the material performance and highlights the deviations from quasi-static tests often used as benchmarks in engineering practice. Understanding the fracture behaviour of AM polymers and composites in dynamic regime would help create improved high-performance products for applications ranging from prosthetics and protective gear to complex aerospace structures.
The addition of nanoparticles as fillers improves the properties of polymer matrix composites. In this work functionalized Graphene Platelets are added to Kevlar-reinforced epoxy composites and their mechanical properties such as tensile, short beam strength and low-velocity ballistic response are evaluated. For comparison, composites prepared with 0.25, 0.5, and 0.75 wt% filler addition was compared with the condition of no filler addition. The fractured samples were examined to understand the failure mechanisms involved. The results indicated that the sample with 0.5 wt% had superior tensile, shear and energy-absorbing characteristics. A lower reinforcement weight percentage (0.25%) was unable to effectively transfer the loads while higher reinforcement percentage (0.75%) showed premature failures due to agglomeration. At the optimum reinforcement, a sufficient amount of nano-fillers passes through the matrix and the functionalization assists in good fiber–matrix adhesion through surface bonding. This leads to high interfacial properties giving high resistance to impact motion. In addition, the nanoparticles in the matrix phase help in matrix toughening giving resistance to cracking. This is evident from the micro and macroscopic fracture images which show a high fiber interaction and the least matrix failure. The lower damage area and the higher fiber pullouts also indicate the effectiveness of 0.5 wt% reinforcement.
Hydrogels are a group of crosslinked polymeric materials whose hydrophilic structure enables them to retain large amounts of water or biological materials in their three-dimensional networks. In addition, their viscoelastic structure has led to the widespread use of these products in the fields of industry, tissue engineering, agriculture, and environmental areas. As expected, with the advancement of technology and the importance of environmental and economic issues, natural hydrogels are based on synthetic polymers due to their higher swelling rate, long degradability, and a wide variety of safe or low-risk raw materials. As a result, sustainable hydrogels based on natural polymers as a biodegradable and inexpensive product are an important issue to be discussed. In this chapter of the book, besides introducing hydrogels and classifying polymers, all methods of sustainable production of hydrogels have been presented to try to help the readers by providing schematic and realistic images of the synthesis process as product samples.
This chapter intends to give insight into the use of carbon-based hydrogels for energy storage and/or conversion, which are becoming critical, given the ongoing need for decarbonization and growing renewable energy production. The ability to use sustainable materials and the added advantage to incorporate tailor-made, nontoxic, cheap, and electrochemically active functional moieties during their synthesis make them frontrunner materials in the field of green chemistry and energy applications. Here, after a brief introduction of graphene-, synthetic polymer-, and natural polymer-based hydrogels and many possibilities for their hybrid combination, a particular emphasis is given to their application to energy storage, energy conversion, and energy efficiency enhancement systems. Application examples concerning metal-air batteries, fuel cells, water electrolyzers, microbial fuel cells, photoelectrochemical water splitting, supercapacitors, lithium-ion batteries, and other metal-ion batteries, desalination, and water purification through solar vapor generation are highlighted.
With the rapid development of aerospace weaponry, wireless base stations, 5G communication equipment, and other electronic information technology, electronic systems and their components are progressing in the directions of high frequency, high power, and high density. It has inevitably led to the rapid accumulation of heat in service systems and components, seriously threatening their stability and reliability. Therefore, thermally conductive materials, especially thermally conductive polymers, have become one of the hot spots in the field of materials science. Starting from the basic concepts and fundamental laws of thermal conduction, this chapter introduces the thermal conductivity and corresponding mechanisms of solid materials such as metals and their alloys, ceramics, polymers and polymer composites, respectively, and finally discusses the classification of thermally conductive polymers.
The low intrinsic λ of conventional polymer matrix is far from meeting the high thermal conductivity/heat dissipation needs of electronic systems and their components. High intrinsic thermal conductivity of polymers can be achieved by designing the special physical microstructure of polymers (e.g., oriented structures, liquid crystals, crystalline structures, etc.). This chapter introduces the classification and preparation of intrinsically thermally conductive polymers, discusses the factors influencing intrinsic thermal conductivity, reviews the research progress of intrinsically thermally conductive thermosetting and thermoplastic polymers, and finally points out the development trend and application prospects of intrinsically thermally conductive polymers.
This chapter provides a detailed discussion on nature-inspired 4D printing technology and its broad spectrum of possible future applications. The main focus is on using fused filament fabrication/fused deposition modeling 3D printing of shape memory polymers (SMPs) for creating shape-changing structures. The mechanism of the shape memory effect and different programming strategies for thermoresponsive SMPs are discussed in detail. For more insights, an experimental case study on the impact of varying process parameters and programming strategies on 4D-printed polymer structure is provided at the end of this chapter. The case study provides an essential aspect for controlling the shape-changing capabilities applied to few 4D-printed prototypes. This combination of shape memory property and widely used low-cost 3D printing offers a simple and economically feasible means to print very complex structures that can be self-morphing, self-healing, and reconfigurable.
Advances in nanotechnology have paved the way for innovation in almost all sectors, including health, food safety, medicine, consumer products, energy, environmental science, and printed electronics. There is a demand for nanotechnology-based products because of their extraordinary physical and chemical properties. Because of this demand, the outflow of engineered nanoparticles (ENPs) and nanomaterials is increasing daily, prompting the expanded creation and use of manufactured and synthesized nanoparticles (NPs). Printed electronic technology is an emerging technology that uses conductive, metallic, polymeric, and metal oxide nanoinks for various applications such as inkjet printing, touch screens, radio-frequency identification tags, LCD display, tissue engineering, printed circuit boards, and two-dimensional (2D) and 3D printing. As a result of the use of nanoinks in printed electronics, NPs are released into the environment, leading to increased human exposure. Nano TiO2, ZnO, silver, and gold nanoinks are the widely used ones because of their dominance in more than 50% of consumer and electronic products. In the global market, metal and metal oxide nanoink products constitute almost 50% of consumer electronic items. Therefore, they are an important class of ENPs for study. During their synthesis, transportation, use, and disposal, a significant portion of these nanoinks are released into the environment, affecting human health. We do not have adequate data to quantify the amount of these NPs released into the environment. Numerous toxicity investigations in various biological and environmental systems have been conducted because of their potential impact on the ecosystem and human health. Little is known about the dangers that these NPs pose to human health. Therefore, an exposure assessment and toxicity study of NPs in the environment is a pressing concern, because their environmental impact is poorly understood. In this chapter, we critically review a toxicity and exposure assessment of three important categories of NPs used in ink formulations, metal and metal oxide NPs and polymer NPs, because there are considerable gaps in our knowledge regarding their toxicity.
Proteins are the material basis of life, holding great potentials for the treatment of cancer, immunological diseases, and metabolic disorders. In the past decades, great achievements have been made to deliver active proteins to specific organs and cells. Polymeric vehicles have been widely developed to encapsulate proteins, protect them from denaturation and degradation, promote targeted delivery, enhance the transmembrane delivery efficiency, and control the protein release in targeted sites. This article presents an introduction of various polymer design strategies for extracellular and intracellular protein delivery according to the different sites where proteins perform their functions. Polymers for extracellular protein delivery are mainly developed to overcome opsonization, protease degradation, and mucosal barrier, as well as to enable controlled or sustained protein release. Polymers for intracellular protein delivery include polymer-protein conjugates, micelles, polymersomes, polymer-protein self-assembly, and polymerization-based nanocapsules that can mediate efficient protein encapsulation, cytosolic delivery, endolysosomal escape, and intracellular cargo release.
Paint and coatings that are not related to means of transport (automotive, motorbike, bicycle, boat, helmets, ..) are commonly called domestic paints. These include architectural paints (walls and buildings), decorative paints (tools and objects) and spray paints (graffitis). The particularity of domestic paints comes from its variety in esthetic and performance properties (interior and exterior coatings, walls or floors, pigmented or transparent), and also from the variety of substrates it can be applied on (wood, masonry, drywall, concrete, or metal). This article will describe the main components used in paint formulation, respectively the resin/binder, solvent, pigments, extenders and additives. It will discuss the paint production and provide some insights on the variability in chemical composition, as well as discuss the implications it represents for forensic scientist. It will then conclude with examples of forensic cases and provide a list of relevant literature regarding the domestic paint interpretation.
The remarkable properties of fullerenes have rendered these molecules profitable for industries, and advanced engineering is seeking to employ high-performance fullerene nanostructures and polymer/fullerene nanocomposites. The potential of fullerenes and related nanocomposites have been proven for technical applications including semiconductors, energy devices, electronics, batteries, aerospace, automotive, civil engineering, biomedical, and a range of technical fields. The multifunctional properties of fullerene and polymer/fullerene nanocomposites is expected to be beneficial for progressive future industries, if applied as low-cost, nontoxic, and commercially viable materials processable on a large scale. Several important aspects need to be considered to bring about this revolution in polymer/fullerene manufacturing and relevant industries. The future perceptions and resolving challenges are key for further developments of the polymer/fullerene nanocomposite-derived nanostructures for high tech industrial application.
Nanocomposite polymer electrolytes (NCPEs) offer new opportunities to revolutionize the modern approach to energy storage development. Rechargeable batteries are becoming increasingly important in daily life due to their strong capacity for efficiently storing electric energy. However, lithium-ion battery (LIB) development has been hampered by safety issues originating from the use of flammable liquid electrolytes. As a result, polymer electrolytes have attracted considerable attention in the last decade to replace traditional nonaqueous liquid electrolytes. Nevertheless, these efforts have led to other issues, i.e., low ionic conductivity, poor ion transport, and high interfacial resistance. Numerous polymer systems, such as poly(ethylene oxide), poly(vinylidene fluoride-co-hexafluoropropylene), poly(acrylonitrile), poly(methyl methacrylate), and polyvinylchloride, have been analyzed. More recently, polymers such as polycarbonate- and polyester-based electrolytes have been introduced. However, these polymers have been unable to meet the electrolyte requirements of LIB applications. Incorporating nanofillers into polymer electrolytes (PEs) has been presented as a solution and has proven its ability to enhance some, if not all, the electrochemical properties of PEs. Nanomaterials such as TiO2, SiO2, and Al2O3 have shown promising results. This chapter reviews some of recent and emerging NCPEs and highlights the influence of nanofillers on their electrochemical properties.
Polymer composites using natural nanofillers like nanocellulose have gained massive attention for their use in various applications, especially packaging applications. Lighter weight and biodegradable packaging materials are trending in the packaging industry to reduce raw material use, shipping costs, waste, and sustainability. This review begins with an overview of thermoplastic and thermoset polymer composites for packaging applications that are based on natural nanofillers, followed by a comprehensive of critical requirements of properties for packaging, process methods, and several research findings have been combined to provide readers with factors influencing the use of natural nanofillers in thermoplastic and thermoset polymer composites. Despite the numerous advantages offered by natural nanofillers when incorporated in polymer composites, some drawbacks have been highlighted on the chemical compatibility between natural nanofillers and polymer plays a significant role in affecting the dispersion of particles in the matrix as well as adhesion between these phases.
The rapid development and widespread use of polymer materials have attracted research into new applications for daily living. However, most polymeric materials suffered with high flammability properties, as they easily ignite and release heat and even toxic gases during combustion. Enhancing polymeric-based materials by incorporating flame retardants has been widely reported. Flame-retardant materials include halogenated and halogen-free flame retardants, phosphorus-containing compounds, and metal hydroxides, which have been widely incorporated in polymer materials but are not considered to meet the requirements of high-performance, eco-friendly polymer applications. Nanomaterials are a new material class that offers multifunctional applications, including flame-retardant fillers. Nanoscale flame-retardant materials can markedly reduce polymer flammability at very low loading levels (<5wt%), such as decreased heat release and mass loss rates. Inorganic ceramic-based nanofillers, such as nanoclay and nanosilica, have attracted growing interest for their flame-retardancy properties and potential to reduce polymer flammability more effectively than conventional flame-retardant materials.
Due to its wide range of application, high removal capacity, and low cost, membrane separation technique is considered as one of the most prominent technologies for water filtration. Nevertheless, fouling of membrane is a serious obstacle using membrane filtration process. To address fouling in membrane, researchers have explored different types of modification options, including the integration of hydrophilic inorganic components or metal oxide nanoparticles (MO) loaded onto the electrospun bio and synthetic polymer-based membrane. Zinc oxide (ZnO) nanoparticles have been used extensively as a low-cost, eco-friendly, and hydrophilic material. ZnO nanoparticles (NPs) can not only provide antifouling properties to the composite membranes but also provide a photocatalytic self-cleaning capability. It possesses strong antibacterial effects. As a result, polymer-ZnO composite membranes were identified as an appealing hot issue for waste water filtration process. The chapter highlights regarding the recent advances in electrospun polymeric (bio and synthetic polymer) materials that include MO nanoparticles for mitigation of fouling and water purification. Membrane functionalization processes using biopolymer-based nanofiber were also illustrated. The performance assessment, constraints, and possible trends for future research on synthesizing the nanofibrous composite membranes in wastewater treatment are discussed in subsequent section.
Photocatalysis is one such area of interest that deepens the cause to use PCMs as thermal energy storage. The present chapter focuses on utilizing the sunlight, to serve a dual purpose of latent heat storage and photocatalytic activity. Designing and fabricating such materials is challenging but, the right approach and technique have proved helpful in preparing PCMs. Microencapsulation is found to be the best technique for preparing PCM-based photocatalyst. These microcapsules exhibit excellent photocatalytic activity by synergistic PCM effect. The encapsulated metal-organic framework (MOF) has various advantages, such as suppressing recombination of photo-induced charges, separation of catalyst and reactive surface sites over the conventional metal oxides (MOx). The introduction of specific conducting polymers in PCM can enhance the kinetics of photocatalysis. The encapsulated PCM with MOx has photocatalytic ability for organic molecule degradation, water splitting to generate H2 gas, and various oxidative & reductive transformations of organic compounds (organic conversions).
The world facing public health crisis due to novel corona virus and it created awareness regarding the prevention of spread of viruses. Treatment and prevention modalities include vaccinations for modulating immunity and use of antiviral drugs. Biocompatible polymers show immense possibilities toward the development of antiviral therapeutics. Researchers have engineered such polymers with antiviral efficacy in fabricating face masks, personal protective equipment, gloves or surfaces, or as surface coating element which can destroy the adhered viruses or other microorganisms. Antiviral polymers have also been constructed for efficient viral prevention and antiviral drug carriers. Here, we summarized different kinds of polymers having antiviral activities. The antiviral polymers are extensively used in drug delivery, protective application, and in food packaging applications. The ongoing clinical research on these areas is presented in this chapter.
Polymer nanoparticle-based drug delivery systems have the potential to improve the efficacy and eliminate the systemic adverse effects of a wide range of antineoplastic medicines in human cancer therapy. Consequently, multifunctional “smart” nanoparticles (NP) for protective polymer targeting ligand, capping, stimuli-sensitive segments, diagnostic label, image contrast agent, and other demanding functional groups have been emerged. Natural and synthetic polymers, as well as biodegradable polymers, are employed in drug transfer investigation. Because they might be synthesized with precise characteristics to fit specific purposes, for the creation of regulated drug transfer systems, various synthetic degradable polymers have been developed. The linear aliphatic polyesters Poly (Lactic Acid), Poly (Glycolic Acid), Poly (-Caprolactone) and Poly (Lactic Acid-co-Glycolide) are perhaps the most extensively researched biodegradable synthetic polymers. They have significant benefits in terms of biocompatibility, simplicity of production, predictability of biodegradation kinetics, and regulatory acceptance. The bulk of research on the use of natural polymers as drug delivery methods has focused on proteins such as collagen, gelatin, insulin, and albumin, as well as polysaccharides including cellulose, starch, dextran, and hyaluronic acid. These studies also describe polymeric NP that can be made in a variety of ways and applications of nanopolymers. Explained briefly about polymer nanoparticle role in agriculture and medical field.
The large-scale synthesis of polymer-clay nanocomposites is a challenge to researchers worldwide, mainly when transforming simple materials into technological products of commercial value. It is possible to transform this challenge into an opportunity by combining simple materials into value-added products, as nanocomposites for automotive application. Factors such as increasing demand for new materials with improved properties have gained considerable attention that is expected to drive the growth of the market, which can open new opportunities to use polymer-clay nanocomposite materials for an automotive application. The transformation of polymer and clay into high-value materials is a great incentive for polymeric nanocomposites because it has a longer useful life, resistance compared to the manufacture of pristine materials, and increase in properties. This chapter provides an overview of the several synthetic methods to obtain polymer nanocomposites for automotive application. Finally, some characteristics, applications, and future aspects of polymer-clay nanocomposites are described.
With the rapid development of nanomedicine, polymer nanocomposites have shown unique advantages in biomedical fields and have become one of the hotspots of personalized precision treatment technology and biomedical materials. Following the wisdom of nature to assemble functional polymeric candidates into exquisite nanoarchitectures is emerging as a promising field of research. Remarkable advancements in material technologies have accelerated the use of many new materials and their hybrids and composites in diverse applications. In this chapter, representative functional polymer nanocomposites in terms of their structure–property relationship have firstly been summarized with a variety of morphologies. Then, the latest achievements are highlighted in developing advanced polymeric nanomaterials for biomedical applications. Particularly, we emphasize the rational design to reinforce material performance, thereby enriching their various applications in biomedical field including fluorescent imaging, photoacoustic imaging, phototherapy, targeted drug delivery, and imaging-guided theranostics.
In this chapter, initially, the concerns about global warming and greenhouse effects, and the research on sensing, capturing, and monitoring carbon dioxide (CO2) have been discussed in a general manner. After that, the fundamental methods and electrodes used in the electrochemical measurements are given. Finally, the electrochemical detection and reduction of CO2 are detailed by potentiometric, amperometric, conductometric, voltametric, or coulometric sensors that can be utilized easily as directly as solid-state or electrolyte using types. The electrodes used as well as the measurement methods increase the variety of these sensors. From the Clark electrode to the present, Field Effect Transistors, Kelvin probes, oxygen probes, electronic noses, solid electrodes which are reinforced by using divergent nanomaterials, transition metal oxides, polymers, and porous solid electrodes were utilized in different gas sensing electrochemical methods.
The bibliometric analysis was conducted to understand and predict the direction of future studies for starch-based plastics research. The data analysis shows that starch-based plastics research is a new but essential field of study, and more research is anticipated in the years ahead. The most active countries were China, followed by USA, Brazil, France and Malaysia. Averous L (from France) was the most active author who made valuable contributions to starch-based plastics research. Keyword plus co-occurrence analysis reveals a rapid investigation on the improvement of starch-based plastics properties for replacing conventional petroleum-based plastics.
Green composites are promising carriers in the quickly developing field of drug delivery owing to their eco-friendly nature, multipurpose physicochemical attributes, and distinctive biopharmaceutical advantages. These versatile composites offer unique platforms for drug delivery, diagnosis and theranostic applications. The main objective of the present book chapter is to offer insights into pulmonary applications of green composites. Initially, chapter unfolds the significant background knowledge of green composites, and their key advantages as drug carriers. Besides, chapter reviews the recent advances in inhaled green composites with special emphasis on aerodynamic performance. Moreover, chapter also contains a dedicated segment discussing the current clinical challenges, inhaler device issues, human factors, and scale-up issues allied to pulmonary delivery of green composites. To sum up, this chapter is the first detailed report of inhaled green composites emerges in recent time.
This chapter mainly introduces a novel preparation method of tubular hypercrosslinked polymer nanofibers, its mechanism, and the application of tubular hypercrosslinked polymer nanofibers and their derived materials. First, it describes the development of hypercrosslinked polymers. Then, it summarizes the study on hypercrosslinked microporous materials with regular morphology. Afterwards, it exhibits the novel preparation method of tubular hypercrosslinked polymer nanofibers in detail and explains the reaction mechanism. Moreover, it briefly introduces the application of hypercrosslinked tubular nanofibers. Finally, it provides a summary and prospect of hypercrosslinked tubular nanofibers.
Hepatitis D virus (HDV) is one of the smallest viruses to infect humans with a virion size of only 36nm and a genome length of approximately 1.7kB. Hepatitis D is a unique human pathogen, related to plant viruses, with similar structure, size, and replication mechanism.Despite its small size, hepatitis D has been associated with severe clinical disease and has been characterized as the most severe form of viral hepatitis. It has been associated with the rapid development of cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma with markedly accelerated progression of liver fibrosis relative to hepatitis B or C.Significant advances in our understanding of the epidemiology and mechanisms of viral replication and of persistence of HDV have been recently reported. Interferon alpha therapy has been the sole available therapeutic for over 20 years but with disappointing clinical results and significant side effects. New and emerging therapeutics with promising early data are currently in development.
New regulations established for the disposal of coal combustion products (CCPs) in the United States require that disposal facilities include a composite liner consisting of a geomembrane overlying a 0.6-m-thick clay liner. Alternative liner configurations are also permissible provided that leakage rate criteria in the regulations are met. Geosynthetic clay liners (GCLs) can be used in lieu of the clay liner component as a cost-effective alternative. GCLs are thin prefabricated clay liners consisting of sodium-bentonite (Na-B) sandwiched between two geotextiles. As the new regulations have been implemented, however, a large number of waste streams from coal-fired power plants have been encountered with concentrated leachates. Virtually none of the conventional Na-B GCLs can retain these concentrated leachates, and these new commercially available bentonite-polymer (B-P) GCLs is needed to manage CCP leachates. This chapter summarizes the recent research findings on the hydraulic conductivity of B-P GCL exposed to leachate from CCP disposal facilities.
As the most abundant biomass on the Earth, lignocellulosic biomass (LCB) has long been recognized as an alternative feedstock for the synthesis of fuels and polymers. The development of platform chemicals from LCB for fuels and polymer applications has gained great attention in the past decades. Thermochemical biorefining holds enormous potential for the sustainable conversion of LCB to a variety of platform chemicals such as xylitol, furfural, glucaric acid, 5-hydroxymethyl furfural, levulinic acid, and 2,5-furandicarboxylic acid. Numerous thermochemical biorefinery studies have been conducted to produce platform chemicals from LCB for enhanced economic viability and product performance. In this chapter, advances in thermochemical conversion of the main components of LCB (cellulose, hemicellulose and lignin) to platform chemicals were reviewed. First, recent progress in the pretreatment of LCB for the production of platform chemicals was presented. Second, major thermochemical pathways producing xylitol and furfural from hemicellulose were summarized. Third, advances in thermochemical production of cellulose-derived platform chemicals such as glucaric acid, 5-hydroxymethylfurfural (HMF), levulinic acid, and furandicarboxylic acid (FDCA) were reviewed. Finally, progress in lignin-derived platform chemicals was discussed. The applications of the above platform chemicals in fuels and polymers were also reviewed. Prospects of LCB-derived platform chemicals and their application in the fuels and polymer industry were also concluded in this chapter.
Nanocomposite membranes are widely studied for the application in direct methanol fuel cell. This chapter deals with the cation exchange membranes, the inorganic materials, polymeric materials, and the modifications of these membranes using this inorganic nanomaterial such as hygroscopic metal oxides, metal phosphates, heteropolyacids, clays, and layered metal hydroxide. The performance of these nanocomposite membrane and its limitations is also discussed.
Nanocapsules are vesicular structures of polymer filled with a liquid or solid core in which drugs, biomolecules, or bioactive compounds are carried and released in the body in a controlled manner. The combination of surface functionalization and controllable porous structures in nanocapsules can be employed to deliver drugs with high specificity and regulated release kinetics. A widely investigated application is the controlled and sustained release of antibiotics at the target site within the body, with high bioavailability and stability to reduce side effects and increase the efficiency of the treatment. Nanocapsule-based antimicrobial drug delivery is designed to address challenges in conventional drugs such as high dose and low bioavailability, side effects due to elevated drug plasma levels, and emergence of drug-resistant bacteria. The advances in nanotechnology have enabled the use of nanomaterials as antibacterial agents as well as carriers for other antibiotics. The drug release is stimulated by changes in physicochemical parameters of the surroundings or using external stimuli. With the wide range of biocompatible polymers available and the synthesis of nanocapsules in various structures with favorable properties, nanocapsules find wide applications in biomedical engineering. This chapter discusses the research carried out in nanocapsule-based drug delivery for healthcare, with special reference to antimicrobial systems.
Hydrogels are water-insoluble polymeric networks that can absorb vast volumes of water while maintaining their structural integrity. Injectable hydrogels are typically injected as a liquid using a syringe and subsequently activated in the body to produce a solid gel. Hyaluronic acid (HA) is a glycosaminoglycan (GAG) polymer made up of repeating disaccharide subunits of N-acetyl d-glucosamine and d-glucuronic acid. It has carboxylic acids (–COOH), primary and secondary hydroxyl groups, and other functional groups. In addition, the N-acetyl group is an excellent crosslinking site. HA monomers are modified with different monomers, and drugs are synthesized for healthcare applications. As a bone tissue engineering material, it demonstrates low mechanical strength despite its high biocompatibility and antibacterial activity. Good mechanical strength can be achieved by combining it with other components. These flaws can be fixed by developing a hybrid system with the appropriate qualities. These materials have wide applications in drug delivery, glass replacement, wound healing, tissue engineering, infertility rehabilitation, wound dressings, and osteoarthritis. So, in the coming era, HA presents new and unique properties that can be used for broad healthcare applications.
The current therapy of transplanting intact organs and tissues to cure organ and tissue failures and loss is hampered by a scarcity of donors and, frequently, significant immunological problems, but these issues could be overcome with the use of cell therapy in regenerative medicine technologies. Cell-based therapy has already opened up new possibilities in clinical applications for diseases that are resistant to traditional treatment. Numerous cell-related studies have been conducted to treat a variety of diseases and injuries, including cardiovascular disease, neurological abnormalities, musculoskeletal deformities, and osteoarthritis. As a result, cell encapsulation in homogenous micro-sized hydrogels and transplantation in vivo have recently attracted a lot of interest for minimally invasive administration and improving the therapeutic actions of transplanted cells. This chapter discusses the current state of the art and future directions in the field of cell encapsulation in the context of regenerative medicine. We also discuss current advancements in regenerative medicine and tissue engineering, as well as recent advances in hydrogel design for cell encapsulation. Understanding the current state of cell implantation technology, as well as its limits, will, in our opinion, enable the creation of new tactics and increasingly successful cell-based transplantation therapies.
In the study, polymer nanocomposites were prepared by considering polypropylene co-polymer (PPCP) as a polymer matrix. Maleic anhydride grafted polypropylene (MAgPP) and multiwall carbon nanotubes (MWCNTs) were used as fillers to enhance the mechanical and thermal properties of the composites. In the study, the properties such as tensile strength, flexural strength, compressive strength, impact strength and thermal stability of the composites were determined following standard procedures. From the SEM analysis, it is noticed that MWCNTs were distributed uniformly throughout the polymer matrix. From the findings, it was also observed that the mechanical and thermal properties of the composites were improved in presence of MWCNT over the composite without MWCNT. Around 6% increment in tensile strength, 25% hike in flexural strength, 11% increase in compressive strength, and 6% improvement in Izod impact strength were obtained to the composites in presence of MWCNTs. It was further observed that around 25% increase in thermal stability up to 5% mass loss was obtained in presence of MWCNTs at a loading of 2 wt%; whereas it was around 9% up to a mass loss of 95%. From the study, it can be concluded that the fillers played a great role in obtaining the composites with improved properties.
In mechanical parts and components, the strength of the material plays a vital role for its effective functioning. For certain individual materials, the enhancement on its quality of strength must be performed at the initial development stage and can rarely be performed using post processing techniques. 3-D printed Polymer Matrix Composites (PMC’s) are one such material. The current research focuses on augmenting the strength of nylon-aramid PMC’s, using Fused Deposition Modelling (FDM) 3-D printing technique. The 3-D printed material was tested according to ASTM standards for mechanical properties such as compression, tensile, flexural and impact strength. Since the association amongst the mechanical properties and the processing parameters of FDM is challenging to verify, an effort was attempted to obtain an empirical formula using the Taguchi Technique of Optimisation. The influencing processing parameters in the FDM technique, such as infill part, layer thickness, print temperature, raster angle, infill pattern style and density were optimised using Taguchi analysis combined with Multi-Response Performance Index (MPI), to enhance the Tensile, Flexural, Impact and Compression Strength, thereby augmenting the total strength of the FDM component. Thedevelopment of the FDM component used these optimised levels again. The mechanical properties were validated according to the ASTM standards of testing. The optimisation technique using T-DoE indicated that the similarity between the computed values from the regression equation and the measured with minimalistic deviations. The research concluded that for a print temperature of 300 °C, layer thickness of 0.4 mm, raster angle of 90°, infill part density of 90 %, and having a rectilinear style of infill pattern, provided an optimal levels of process parameters for augmenting the strength of 3-D printed Nylon-Aramid PMC’s.
The commercial production of Li metal solid-state batteries would improve by giving enhanced Li+-conductive electrolyte materials and showing their technical workability in practical cells. Ceramics showing quick proton, oxide ion, lithium ion, and combined ionic and electronic conduction are examined as an option for energy transformation devices like solid oxide fuel cells (SOFCs), proton-conducting SOFCs and storage devices like batteries, electrochemical capacitors, and electrolysis cells. The operational features of ceramics depend on inherent feature of chemical species present. Numerous inorganic compounds and organic polymers exhibit quick ionic conduction but are not applied in realistic cells. The main qualifications for effective ceramic electrolytes are elevated ionic and insignificant electronic conductivity within the scope of activity of free species, and chemical firmness against response with the surrounding device components. This chapter also presents the most recent composite polymer-ceramic electrolytes with regard to the electrochemical and physical features for use in lithium batteries, solar cells, and electrochemical capacitors. The work surrounds the polymer matrices, different ceramic filler, and polymer/ceramics composite structures. Owing to peculiar features of ceramic materials, they are crucial for numerous energy transformation and storage systems. In elevated temperatures beyond 1000°C, there are scarcely any material that can compete with ceramic materials. Some attractive alternatives might depend on the integration of organic and inorganic materials, amalgamating respective advantages and removing the disadvantages in synergic concepts.
Supercapacitors, also known as ultracapacitors, have been recognized as promising future energy storage devices, an alternative to rechargeable batteries for modern technology. Conducting polymers, owing to their high intrinsic conductivity and unique properties, have been an ideal material for supercapacitors. Conducting polymers such as polyaniline (PANI), polypyrrole (PPy), poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene) (PEDOT), polythiophene (PTh), and its derivatives are considered attractive electrode materials for supercapacitors due to unique doping-dedoping properties, easy processability, environmental friendliness, and low cost. However, conducting polymers suffer low performance due to volume variations during long-term cycling stability, which limits their practical application for electrochemical supercapacitors. Therefore this chapter comprehensively demonstrates different aspects of integrating polymers with two-dimensional (2D) carbon-based materials, metal oxides, and polymer–polymer composite electrode materials to boost the performance of traditional supercapacitors. Furthermore, this chapter aims to provide insights into the recent advances, synthetic strategies, and important compositions of polymer composite materials for high-performance supercapacitor applications. Finally, the current challenges and future perspectives of conducting polymer-based composites are highlighted for electrochemical supercapacitor applications.
In search of a better living environment, various policies have been broadly adopted that use safe, clean, and renewable energy sources to address increasing global warming. In this chapter we have included the opinions of various science experts, such as physicists, electronic engineers, chemists, and materials scientists, on recent developments in and wide applications for clean energy to boost forest conservation and efficient processing techniques. We briefly discuss the principle and theory of various photovoltaic materials using quantum dots or nanocrystals as light-harvesting materials in different fields, including photoelectrochemical solar splitting, copper selenide photoelectrodes, cadmium-selenium-based photoelectrodes in photoelectrochemical or polymer solar cells, and advancements in organic and perovskite solar applications. It is highly encouraged to act urgently on climate change through energy conservation using various clean energy choices at the state, national, and international levels for a safe future. In addition to this, we also discuss various types of electronic materials including nanomaterials, polymers, polymer-composites, organic conjugated small molecules, and hybrid perovskite nanomaterials that are applied to produce cost-effective green and clean energy for living beings. Overall, this chapter provides an overview of the gradual development of various types of electronic materials developed in a facile, cost-effective, eco-friendly process using easy fabrication techniques for the large-scale production of clean energy.
Miniaturization of modern electronic devices, development of fabric and sensor materials and the integration of miniature device/sensor with the fabric helps the emergence of smart wearable technologies. The wearable systems are becoming more popular due to the rapid development of modern electronic materials and the manufacturers are trying to meet new requirements of the electronic devices including low weight, small size, flexibility, extreme production power, nonstop great production ability, relaxed integration with or within the clothing fabrication procedures. However, challenges are still remained to solve such as the washability features that needs to be merged into e-textiles to carry market gains in various applications, including sports and healthcare where the people can easily wear as normal daily clothes. Conventional electronic materials are not fully capable of efficiently meeting the washability requirement due to their rigidity and bulkiness. Still, several technical and non-technical issues of the materials are required to be addressed. Conducting polymer is one of the important electronic materials which is continuously being developed driven by the emerging innovations in sensor and textile materials, nanotechnology, etc to overcome the challenge. This article presents the fundamental background of the conducting polymers, and presents their technological development with some recent applications. Challenges and future development opportunities are also critically discussed.
Over the years, two prominent materials categories have emerged for organic semiconductors: small-molecules and polymers. On one hand, small-molecules have high crystallization propensity and subsequent high mobilities, but their crystalline structures simultaneously make it difficult to control their microstructures during solution-processing. On the other hand, polymers have excellent film-forming qualities because of their long chains, which simultaneously introduce intrinsic disorder, thereby lowering the mobility. The article herein discusses this intrinsic small-molecule versus polymer trade-off in the context of solution-processing. Namely, its background/history and ways to overcome it, to achieve the plastic electronic goal of solution-processed semiconductors with high electronic performance.
Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) Vehicles are being transitioned out of the automotive industry as well as motorsports in favour of Electric Vehicles (EV). One of the major issues with an electric powertrain is that it generates a lot of heat energy which can decrease the working efficiency and can also be hazardous. The objective is to design and manufacture an efficient “Cooling System” for an FSAE car for betterment in performance, efficiency of the vehicle and safety of the driver such that battery, motor controller, and motor’s temperature is maintained below 55 °C, 55 °C and 70 °C respectively by incorporating air and liquid cooling while keeping the weight below 10 kg.The components were designed and selected considering the manufacturing process, cost, weight, ease of serviceability and assembly. Analysis of the components was done according to the actual working conditions considering the steady-state of the components. The final product was then tested to check for any failures and reliability of the product.During testing, the peak temperatures were 38–45 °C, 55–65 °C, and 35–47 °C for motor controller, motor and battery respectively at 60% current limit from battery pack with the cooling system ON throughout the runs. Also, the temperature of motor, motor controller and battery on an average is recorded to be 56 °C, 45 °C, and 40 °C keeping the weight of the whole product below 8 kg.It was inferred that design of the cooling system is completely suitable for an FSAE specification vehicle and can be homologated for passenger vehicles as well. Hence, this design can be adopted by FS teams participating in FSAE competitions. Also, automotive manufacturing giants shifting towards electric mobility and new start-ups emerging in the field of electric vehicles can adopt this design to increase the range of vehicles and validate safety of the same.
Currently, the attractiveness of biomaterials is of unrecognized importance due to the potential substitution of natural materials used in manufacturing industries. Bio-composite materials are made from natural fibers or natural resins, which consist of fibers as reinforcement. Bio-based fibers such as jute, sisal, linen, hemp, bamboo, hair, wool, silk, etc. are extracted from plant, animal, and mineral sources. In this study, two reinforced materials with epoxy polymer were used, one is pure flax and the other is flax/hemp hybrid. Mechanical performance in terms of tensile strength, flexural strength and impact strength was calculated. Tensile strength of linen/hemp epoxy composite was found to be 125 MPa which is much more than linen/epoxy composite that achieved tensile strength of 64 MPa. Linen/hemp epoxy composite showed maximum flexural strength of 68.51 MPa as compared to linen/epoxy showed 34.97 MPa.
Dendritic polymers are the macromolecular carriers having tree-like three-dimensional structures, which are synthesized following iterative sequence of monomeric conjugation leading to hyperbranched arrangement. The characteristic properties of dendritic macromolecules include monodispersity, multiple surface functionalities, nanometric size, etc., which facilitated these polymers as one of the prominent family of drug delivery carriers or cargos. Along with the traditional synthetic pathways like convergent and divergent, some of the newly developed methods like double exponential growth, hypercores, and branched monomer growth have demonstrated significant productivity in recent years. Dendritic carriers or dendrimers can be categorized into different types on the basis of functionality, biodegradability, and responses toward various stimuli. Some of the well-known classes of dendrimers include poly(amidoamine) (PAMAM), poly(propyleneimine) (PPI), polylysine, poly(ester amide), etc. These drug carriers offer several advantages such as solubility enhancement of hydrophobic drugs, targeted delivery through surface engineering, etc. However the cationic charge associated with dendritic polymers usually poses challenge of in vitro as well as in vivo toxicity. Therapeutic moieties may be delivered to the targeted site through dendritic polymer macromolecular carriers using certain basic approaches, namely encapsulation, conjugation, and electrostatic interactions. Cytotoxicity, hematological toxicity, immunogenicity, and in vivo toxicity put questions over their effectiveness and therefore sometimes these are considered as the dark wave of these carriers. Dendrimers have been utilized successfully to deliver anticancer agents, antimicrobials, gene, etc., via excellent host-guest chemistry. This chapter is focused on the concepts, design, and therapeutic applications of dendritic polymer macromolecular carriers. It includes discussion of key basic properties, synthesis of the concerned macromolecules, their types, associated toxicity, and possible drug delivery approaches. Last part of the chapter is dedicated to the applications of dendritic polymers in the delivery of therapeutic agents for the effective management of various diseases.
Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a hydrophilic oligomer or polymer synthesized from ethylene oxide and is among the widely used chemicals. This chapter presents an overview of its various applications, fate, effects and potential environmental risks, biodegradation, and toxicological effect and/or the fate of the PEG.
A predictive cutting force model is critical during the end milling of Carbon Fiber Reinforced Polymer (CFRP) composites to achieve optimum fiber delamination, tool wear, and surface accuracy. The mechanistic force model showed robust prediction abilities; however, cutting constant estimation is challenging due to the involvement of multiple variables resulting in higher-order mathematical formulations. This paper presents augmenting the Feed Forward Neural Network (FFNN) with a mechanistic force model to approximate independent relationships of the chip load and edge contact length with shearing and rubbing constants. The prediction abilities of the proposed approach are compared with the traditional Fourier fitting model and experimentally measured values over diverse cutting conditions. It has been demonstrated that the proposed approach can accurately estimate cutting forces during the end milling of CFRPs.
The Theory of Critical Distances (TCD) is a method used to predict fracture and fatigue in the presence of a notch or other stress concentration feature. Originally proposed in the 1930s, it experienced renewed interest in recent times thanks to the development of finite element analysis, which allows the method to be applied to engineering components and structures. A key feature of the method is the use of a material constant with units of length: the critical distance, L. Predictions can be made in several different ways, some of which use the local stress field whilst others are modifications of linear elastic fracture mechanics. The TCD has strong predictive power, being able to predict several important effects: the short crack effect, the notch root radius effect and the notch size effect. It can be applied both to fatigue (where it is very commonly used in the industry) and monotonic failure, in a wide range of materials. Current work and publications on the TCD are very extensive, including new theoretical variants and practical applications.
Unsaturated polyester resins (UPRs) are the outcome of the condensation of unsaturated acids or anhydrides, along with diols with or without diacids. The diversity in the properties of the resin, combined with their inexpensive price, has rekindled attention to these resins as a fundamental matrix material for a variety of applications. UPRs are materials with a vast array of applications that are rapidly striving in response to the requirements of the market for more technically sophisticated and eco-responsible materials. The use of natural fibers in polymer matrices as reinforcing materials offer positive environmental gains with respect to disposability and better utilization of raw materials. The addition of fillers improves the properties and industrial performance of UPR resins such as the shrinkage degree. The porosity of the filler helps to improve the filler–matrix interface and thus makes the composite perform better mechanically and thermally. Carbon nanotubes with their outstanding mechanical and electrical properties, low mass density, and high aspect ratio, make them an appealing substitute to conventional macro- and microscaled fillers for polymer composites.
Nowadays, nanotechnology is the fastest growing field, with new and efficient approaches to research management. Green chemistry projects that use green chemistry to enhance and protect climate change are the focus of current research. Instead of toxic chemicals, biological systems are being used in the field of nanobiotechnology to reduce and stabilize metallic nanoparticles. Polysaccharides and biologically active plant products are excellent scaffolds among the many possible natural products for this function. Because of their biodegradable nature, bio-reinforced nanocomposites are used in a variety of industries such as medical, automotive, and packaging and have a high concern for environmental sustainability. The nanocomposites made from green nanoparticle synthesis are highly flexible, stiff, and have a relatively high strength. This chapter presents a detailed elaboration on biosynthesis of nanoparticles, nanocomposites production methods, and their various applications.
Multiple economic and environmental concerns are driving interest in biodegradable and biocompatible polymers. The advantageous properties of these materials have piqued the interest of numerous scientists. A suitable characterization technique is an important tool in making a laboratory-prepared polymer nanocomposite sample useful to mankind through industry. Among the known techniques, microscopic and spectroscopic identification use various types of electromagnetic radiation. Several biodegradable and biocompatible nanocomposites discovered recently using various microscopic and spectroscopic techniques are presented and discussed in detail here.
Nanotechnology continues to make significant contributions to the development of sustainable energy and environmental systems for the future. Many energy-related challenges can be addressed more effectively with materials with nanofibrous structures. It is especially important to maintain the reliability of nanofiber (NF)-based fuel cells (FCs) since they transform chemical energy directly and efficiently into electrical energy, making it extremely difficult to do so. It has high energy conversion efficiency and emits only a little amount of pollution. Future energy shortages and environmental concerns are being addressed with NF-based FCs with unique nanoarchitectures, which are now considered to be one of the most promising technologies available. In this book chapter, an in-depth examination of the application of NFs for FCs is provided. Specifically, advances made with NFs on amended FC performance, such as energy density, conductivity, interfacial contact resistance, chemical stability, and mechanical stability, are highlighted. It is hoped that all functionalized NFs developments will spur further development and evolution of FCs for energy storage and conversion devices.
Sustainable, clean, and renewable energy sources demand escalating seriously in the current world. In contrast, the heavy consumption of natural energy resources leads to climate change, carbon emissions, and environmental pollution. Saving a large portion of natural energy resources for future generations, creating a pollution-free world, and generating eco-friendly electricity are serious concerns. Therefore, the identification of abundant alternative renewable energy sources and the thorough investigation, and optimization of efficient energy harvesting devices are highly necessary. Mechanical energy is an abundant source in our real world in various ways. Piezoelectric technology is a stable approach to harness mechanical energy effectively by growing nanostructures based on oxides, polymers, and composite films. Brittleness, toxicity, low acceptance of applied force, and cost-intensive growth techniques are the disadvantages of piezoelectric oxides. Piezoelectric polymer nanofibers are alternatives to solve the oxide materials issues along with having high flexibility, lightweight, high porosity, better mechanical performances, large surface-to-volume ratio, and ease to functionalize nanofibers. New features are explored by functionalizing nanofibers such as enhanced surface textural morphologies, molecular orientation, and piezoelectric/ferroelectric properties due to increased electroactive phases. In another way, the cumulative piezoelectricity is enhanced by the suitably functionalized nanofillers incorporated into the polymeric nanofibers. Therefore, this chapter describes the detailed study of the functionalization of piezoelectric polymeric nanofibers by various methods such as nanofiller substitution, in situ polymerization, direct functionalization, surface modification of nanoparticles using chemical methods and their incorporation into nanofibers, etc. and its fundamental understanding of nanofibers for harnessing mechanical energy, self-powered sensors.
In this chapter we describe the general mechanics of polymer chains. We start from the basic concepts and definitions, especially those concerning the mechanical properties of the chains. Then, the main mathematical models that describe the mechanical response of flexible and semi-flexible polymers when submitted to external stretching forces are deduced and discussed in full detail. Such a description is fundamental to the field of “single molecule force spectroscopy” of polymer chains, which involves the application of external forces to manipulate and stretch the molecules of interest. Finally, we turn our attention to the nucleic acids chains, discussing the specific features and properties of these biopolymers from a mechanical point of view.
In this study, the hot press method has been used to synthesize a blended solid polymer electrolyte (BSPE), containing poly (ethylene oxide) and polyacrylonitrile (PEO/PAN) matrix complexed with sodium perchlorate (NaClO4) salt. The film with varying salt concentration has been prepared, in which the BSPE OCC (optimum conducting composition) film exhibits the highest ionic conductivity is (σrt) ∼ 2.10 × 10-6 Scm−1 at room temperature. X-ray diffraction (XRD), Impedance Spectroscopy (IS), Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC) and Thermal Gravimetric Analysis (TGA) techniques have been adopted for the characterization. These investigations are demonstrated their utility and potential for all-solid-state device applications.
Present work reports that Polymer Electrolyte Membranes: [97PEO: 3NaCOOCH3] dispersed with ceramic filler SiO2 have been synthesized using the hot-press casting technique. Ion transport properties have been evaluated in terms of the essential ionic conductivity (σ) and total ionic (tion) / cationic (t+) transference numbers using different ac/dc techniques to evaluate its usefulness in all-solid-state battery applications.Structural/thermal properties have been characterized using X-ray Diffraction (XRD), Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC) and Thermal Gravimetric Analysis (TGA) techniques. The thermal laminated pouch cell has been fabricated and tested by sandwiching the best optimized NCPE film between MnO2 cathode and Graphite anode. Cyclic Voltammetry study of NCPE film exhibits good electrochemical behaviour and is more suitable for battery fabrication.
Perfluoroisobutylene (PFIB), CAS#: 382–21-8, is the monomer used in the synthesis of Teflon. It has possible (and past) use as chemical warfare agent; that is, it is a schedule 2A substance under the Chemical Weapons Convention. Inhalation is the major exposure pathway, and PFIB is readily absorbed.It is similar to phosgene but is reported to be 10 times as acutely lethal. The toxicity observed is called polymer fume fever. The first symptom of poisoning is a cough and difficult breathing immediately after inhaling the fumes. TEFLON itself is inert, but when effectively thermally decomposed has effects ranging from polymer fume fever to lethality. PFIB is classified as a PFOS/PFDS compound (a ‘forever chemical’) in drinking and ground water.
To reduce plastic waste streams and increase circularity, industry focusses on different End-of-Life (EoL) routes. Primary and secondary recycling is only suitable for thermoplastic polymers. Other plastics, i.e. thermosets and certain epoxy resins, cannot be reused by melting. They require tertiary recycling with chemical recycling or quaternary recycling by incineration and energetic recovery. Strong efforts are made to develop chemical recycling processes for cured epoxy resins. Most processes require large energy and chemical inputs to reduce them back to their useful monomeric composition. Considering those burdens, combined waste-to-energy (WTE) and carbon-capture-and-utilization (CCU) could form a relevant alternative. This study takes an LCA approach to study the order of magnitude of environmental impacts of combined WTE and CCU compared to chemical recycling for the example of MDA cured Bisphenol A resin. Data for chemical recycling and CCU are obtained from experimental reports. Existing life-cycle-inventory data are adapted for WTE. The results show the order of magnitude of overall environmental impact for the two studied EoL options matches. The study indicates the analyzed ‘best available technology’ of combined WTE and CCU generates a 49% lower impact compared to chemical recycling. However, combined WTE and CCU is adverse (+35%) if a current state scenario is considered. Chemical resource consumption and energy efficiency of the processes identified as critical parameters.
To capture as much carbon dioxide as possible while minimizing the performance degradation, this study proposes two solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC)/polymer electrolyte membrane fuel cell (PEMFC) hybrid systems. One is a hybrid system in which the PEMFC not only generates power, but also performs the role of CC (hybrid system 1). The other is a hybrid system in which pressure swing adaption (PSA) is incorporated to capture carbon dioxide, and consumption of hydrogen in the PEMFC is maximized (hybrid system 2). In addition, an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) was added to further improve the performance of the hybrid systems by utilizing the waste heat of exhaust gas. The cascade effects between SOFC and PEMFC contribute to achieving nearly complete CC and high efficiency. Especially, hybrid system 2 achieved 10% and 5%p improvements over the stand-alone SOFC system in net power and efficiency. It is promising in that the proposed systems utilizing cascade effects can achieve nearly zero carbon emission and high efficiency despite the use of natural gas without hydrogen supply. In other words, the proposed systems are expected to contribute to the realization of carbon neutrality without waiting for the technological maturation associated with hydrogen.
Chitosan (CS) is a natural and biopolymer that are suitable biomedical properties such as; biocompatibility, non-toxicity, biodegradability and bioactive polymer that’s reason with a very large application (fabrication of biomedical scaffolds, implants). Some of the biocompatible thermoplastic polymers (PLA, PEEK, PLGA, PE, PP, PMMA, PET and etc.) are most widely used in biomedical field as per their properties from last two decades. Poly-vinyl chloride (PVC) thermoplastic polymer are most widely used in medical field but there are some limitations of their uses. For enhancement of PVC thermoplastic polymers properties sometimes add some bioactive and biocompatible fillers or other bioactive thermoplastic polymers. In this review paper try to link and discussed about the possible reinforcement CS in PVC thermoplastic polymer for biomedical applications.
The contact angle and surface/interface energies are a measure of the wetting ability of liquids. This criterion is evaluated especially when developing a material to modify it to what we want the surface to have. In this section, general information about contact angle measurements and techniques used for these evaluation and development methods are given.
The emerging use of nanoparticles in the engineering, science, and technology has been now extended to the coating applications. It is well known that the polymer nanocoatings are more efficient with enhanced physical and chemical properties compared to the conventional coatings to prevent the substrates from corrosion. However, nanocoating materials could be exposed to different environmental conditions such as water, acid, moisture, oxygen, temperature, etc. Hence, the durability study of polymer-based nanocoatings under various aggressive conditions is vital. In this chapter, we mainly emphasized the different polymers used for nanocoatings, aging studies of nanocoatings in various conditions, and several characterization techniques to analyze the aged nanocoatings are also highlighted.
Marine biofouling on the surfaces of ship hulls has been an issue of utmost concern since it leads to increased drag and consequent energy and economic losses. Of all the methods utilized for minimizing the effects of such fouling development, polymer-based coatings have emerged in recent years as a promising solution. This chapter outlines several such polymer-based surface modifications to reduce or inhibit foulant attachment, facilitate their easy removal or deactivate the attachment mechanism. Several polymer coatings are categorized into three main categories and are discussed in detail with their drawbacks and current limitations: fouling resistant coatings, fouling release coatings, and fouling degrading coatings. In addition, their drawbacks and current limitations are highlighted. Biomimetic coatings are discussed with special emphasis due to their high antifouling efficiency. The issue of corrosion in the marine environment, which leads to several safety hazards and affects antifouling performance, has also been addressed. Further attention has been given to more recently conducted studies to familiarize the reader with the state of the art of these polymer and polymer composite coatings.
Metal corrosion is one of the major challenges and threats that society and the economy need to face. Polymer coatings are currently the most widely used metal anticorrosion measure. However, there are defects in the polymer coatings that are not conductive to preventing corrosion. The two-dimensional nanomaterials with excellent specific surface area provide the possibility to further improve the corrosion resistance of the polymer coatings. This review introduces the application status of two-dimensional nanomaterials including graphene and graphene derivatives, boron nitride, transition metal carbonitrides, transition metal dichalcogenides, layered double hydroxides, and so on in polymer coatings. The anticorrosion mechanism of the nanomaterials polymer composite coatings is also briefly discussed. Based on the summary of the situation of polymer composite coatings, the work that can be progressed in the future is also prospected.
Triply periodic minimal surfaces and auxetic metastructures are two well-known classes of metamaterials, introduced to develop new structures. In this chapter it is aimed to employ these two types of structures where the material is shape memory polymer, to enhance and control, for example, shape recovery, shape fixity, and force recovery of the designed metastructure.
According to the extensive number of effective parameters on the behavior of shape memory polymers (SMPs), these materials can be examined from several aspects. To optimize structures made of SMPs, different parameters, such as constitutive laws and geometric dimensions and of course different SMPs can be used. This chapter presents some experimental investigations on SMPs: (1) combined torsion and tension loading of polyurethane/poly(ε-caprolactone) blend as SMP. In addition to the viscoelastic response, the force and shape recovery are studied. (2) The effect of structural (geometrical) design on thermomechanical behavior of SMPs is examined for different SMP structures. (3) As an applied example, an SMP stent is designed and its performance in radial force and shape recovery and recovery start temperature in a constrained state are evaluated.
Despite all impressive characteristics of shape memory polymers (SMPs), the most noticeable drawback for SMPs is their poor elastic properties, which impedes the applications of SMPs when large recovery stress is required, for example, in actuators. To overcome such limitations, a variety of reinforcements are used in SMP composites. Needless to say, recent developments in the fabrication of nanoscale materials, such as graphene, graphite, carbon nanotubes, and clay, also increased academic and industrial interests on using these nanomaterials as reinforcement in other materials including SMPs. In this chapter, we first deal with modeling and homogenization of SMP nanocomposites with perfectly dispersed graphene nanoplatelets. In the second part of this chapter, numerical homogenization of coiled carbon nanotube-reinforced SMP nanocomposites is carried out to reduce the possible damage that could be generated in interphases of the SMP and inclusions. In contrary to the first two parts, which were focused on enhancement of the force recovery at the material level, at the third part, we examine thermomechanical behavior SMPs reinforced by corrugated polymeric sections to enhance the structural force recovery capacity of the SMP composite.
Shape memory polymers (SMPs) as a family of intelligent materials are able to memorize one or more temporary shapes and recover their original configuration upon application of an external stimulus, for example, heat, light, and pH. In this chapter, attention is paid to thermo-responsive SMPs. To predict thermomechanical response of SMPs, several constitutive relations have been introduced over the past two decades. The focus of this chapter is to give a review on structures, categorization, applications of SMPs, and necessary constitutive models. First, a detailed review on properties, structure, and classifications of SMPs is carried out. In the next sections, the developed models in the literature are discussed that, particularly, are focused on the phase transformation and thermoviscoelastic points of view for conventional, two-way as well as multiSMPs. A statistical analysis on constitutive models of temperature-dependent SMPs is also conducted. At the last section, a summary is presented and some conclusions are drawn, which are useful in the selection of appropriate SMP constitutive equations in common applications.
Ceramic polymer composites, which are fascinating materials, are used in a variety of scientific and technical fields. After the prohibition of tin-based fouling-prevention coatings in 2003, researchers have focused on eco-friendly coatings. Because of their nonstick, environmental, and economic benefits, foul-release nanocoatings have received much attention. They use physical antiadhesion technology to deter fouling attachment. Natural bioinspired surfaces have micro- and nano-roughness and low surface free energy features, which inspire the design of dynamic antifouling coatings. Ceramic nanostructured surfaces were designed to combat marine-fouling adhesion with ecological as well as eco-friendly effects, rather than biocidal solutions. Polymer–ceramic nanofiller hybrids are a novel class of composite materials used in fouling-prevention applications. Controlling the nanoscale orientation, arrangement, and direction along composite building blocks results in superior fouling prohibition. This chapter reviews publications and ongoing research on ceramic nanomaterials for antifouling applications in the marine environment.
This work deals with the study of the effect of the irregular crumbling (Instability of cutting) for recycled polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles on the extrusion process using a twin-screw extruder and as a result its effect on the mechanical properties of the product and the amount of electrical energy consumption. The extrusion process was performed for cutting sizes of PET bottles (4.75, 6.75, 7.15, and 10 mm) in addition to raw material to compare, at temperature ranges between (200–205 °C) at speed of 50 rpm. Results showed that the cutting size has a direct effect on the crystallinity which affects mechanical and thermal properties, such as elongation and tensile strength decreases with increase cutting size but the elastic modulus increase with increase cutting size. The impact and hardness test proved that the impact strength and hardness decrease with increase cutting size, also, it was observed during the extrusion process when placing an equal amount of different sizes in the machine and ensure that the materials enter the machine at once for the sake of comparison, we find that the lower volumes consumed less electrical energy, compared to the rest of the other different sizes, except the raw material from (PET).
The majority of formulations available so far are used in oral forms despite of several pharmaceutical challenges, as this route is the most convenient way of drug delivery. Equally, it necessitates the required need of dose optimization for reduced toxic effects and dosing frequency. Therefore, in this study, we have conceptualized the fabrication of gastro-retentive microspheres of Tinidazole by using a variable drug and ethyl cellulose ratios that will enhance its gastric absorption, retention time along with the sustained pharmacological activity. The scanning electron microscopy and micrometrical studies exhibited their smooth, spherical surface with the particle size range of 244–294 µm. Further, they were floated successfully on the fluid due to their low bulk density and provided the sustained release in simulated gastric fluid, suggesting their suitable gastro-retentive behavior in-vivo. Thus, the prepared formulation proved to be a better gastro-retentive drug delivery system with sustained release, thereby reducing dosing frequency and side effects.
The development of biopolymers in many areas such as transportation, building and construction, electronic and electrotechnical equipment, needs to improve their durability and particularly their fire reaction, according to current standards. To face this challenge, convenient strategies of flame retardancy have to be implemented, above all to enable compatibility with emerging polymer processing techniques, such as additive manufacturing ones. Hence, this chapter presents the different mechanisms of action of the current flame retardants and the interest to achieve synergistic effects between their components. Then, the different strategies to improve fire retardancy through the use of the Fused Filament Fabrication technique (FFF) are detailed. Among the different biopolymers, only research works about the improvement of the polylactide (PLA) through the use of flame retardant systems have been reported in relation to FFF technology. In many cases, they contain biobased flame retardants such as lignin. Also, the use of nanoparticles, such as organo-modified clays is of interest. It is particularly the case for the improvement of the fire behavior of polylactide-polyamide 11 which is detailed as an original work in the last part of the chapter.
Fiber-reinforced polymer composites are used in a variety of industries, including aerospace, and wind energy, in addition to the maritime sector. The resin industry’s goal is to provide fast-curing systems with low viscosity, long pot life, good performance with faster curing, easy molding, and increased mechanical performance. Characterizations of such resin systems are important to investigate their chemo-mechanical properties and their applicability to manufacturing fast-cure resin-fiber composites. Several properties related to curing, thermos-elasticity, rheology, and mechanical strength of both rapid cure resins and their fiber-based composites were investigated for the applicability of fast/rapid cure resins in advanced sectors. This chapter provides a comprehensive overview of the different characterizations of rapid cured resin systems for their application in composites. The review includes the characterization of the curing mechanism and the current application status of various curing processes for the fabrication of advanced polymer composites. The main advantages and disadvantages of the characterized properties of rapid cured resin systems are discussed. The rapid cured resin systems are compared with the traditional curing resins for their feasibility in the successful fabrication of rapid cured advanced polymer composites. A thorough comparison was made based on production cycle time, mechanical strength, equipment value, assembly procedures and operating costs. Furthermore, the properties of rapid cured composites produced by each technique, composite production faults, and technological and material inadequacies are also reviewed.
There has been a massive demand for polymer composites. However, the high cost and time-consuming manufacturing process hinder the high-volume productivity of composite parts. Therefore, process optimization and reducing defect during curing is of utmost importance. The degree of curing is crucial to tracking the real-time variation in the physical and chemical state of the composite. During composite curing, various stages exist, such as gelation, vitrification, and resin flow/viscosity. Cure monitoring is vital to ascertain the proper wetting and impregnation by the resin, attain a suitable crosslinking density required for a particular application, and ensure composite part reproducibility and manufacture reliability. A range of techniques has been employed for cure monitoring which includes differential scanning calorimetry, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, dynamic mechanical, thermal analysis, near-infrared spectroscopy, and Raman spectroscopy. In recent years, more sophisticated and sensitive techniques such as ultrasonic dynamic analysis, laser ultrasonic systems, sensor-based methods (in situ flexible sensors and optoelectronic sensors), infrared thermography, etc. This chapter review and focus on the working principle, advantages, and challenges of these techniques.
In this study, a method has been developed to reduce the negative effects of superabsorbent polymers on concrete mechanical properties. The method involves concrete mixing and curing, with the concrete mixture being designed using a decision tree algorithm. Instead of the standard water curing approach, air curing conditions were used during the curing process. In addition, heat treatment was applied to reduce any possible negative effects of the polymers on the concrete's mechanical properties and to enhance their performance. The details of all these stages are presented in this method. Various experimental studies were conducted to demonstrate the validity of this method, which proved to be effective in reducing the negative effects of superabsorbent polymers on concrete mechanical properties.•The method can be used to eliminate the negative effects of superabsorbent polymers.•The proposed method yielded promising results, demonstrating that the expected level of compressive strength, modulus of elasticity and toughness in concrete can be achieved in 5-10 days instead of 28 days•The widespread use of superabsorbent polymers in the concrete industry and reinforced concrete systems can be attributed to their many benefits.
Genetic information is stored in very long DNA molecules, which are folded to form chromatin, a similarly long polymer fibre that is ultimately organised into chromosomes. The organisation of chromatin is fundamental to many cellular functions, from the expression of the genetic information to cell division. As a long polymer, chromatin is very flexible and may adopt a myriad of shapes. Globally, the polymer physics governing chromatin dynamics is very well understood. But chromatin is not uniform and regions of it, with chemical modifications and bound effectors, form domains and compartments through mechanisms not yet clear. Polymer models have been successfully used to investigate these mechanisms to explain cytological observations and build hypothesis for experimental validation. Many different approaches to conceptualise chromatin in polymer models can be envisioned and each reflects different aspects. Here, we compare recent approaches that aim at reproducing prominent features of interphase chromatin organisation: the compartmentalisation into eu- and heterochromatin compartments, the formation of a nucleolus, chromatin loops and the rosette and Rabl conformations of interphase chromosomes. We highlight commonalities and contradictions that point to a modulation of the mechanisms involved to fine degree. Consolidating models will require the inclusion of yet hidden or neglected parameters.
Wool is one of the oldest natural protein-based fibers. It has been used since early human civilization, and wool fiber is second to cotton for consumption within the natural fiber category. The typical bulk, springiness, and natural waviness of the wool biopolymer promote air entrapment within a fibrous structure offering high thermal resistance. The insulation property of wool fiber comes from its complex microscopic and atomic structure. A gift of nature, wool comprises a single protein called keratin with amino acids (20 amino acids) as building materials. Coiled polymer chains in right-handed α-helix form are responsible for reversible elastic deformation (springiness). Meanwhile, microfibrils are present with two types of cortical cells—ortho and para—for differential resistance to chemical attack and swelling through waviness. The wavy structure allows optimum utilization of wool in cold weather apparel and provides the wearer with necessary warmth and comfort. Other technical applications of wool include light aircraft, ship, and train upholstery. Its self-extinguishing property gives wool promise as a seal insulator for heat-generating appliances. To expedite the maximum utilization of natural amino acid-based biopolymers, an exhaustive search for insight into the properties of wool is essentially needed. The source of wool fibers is small ruminants. After clipping or pulling hairs, fibers are usually obtained in contaminated conditions with various vegetative elements, fats, dust, and dirt. Cleaning contaminants in stages is an ongoing economic challenge for the wool industry. The chapter covers the grading and extraction of the fiber from the animal, the process of cleaning through carbonization, scouring, as well as the biopolymer structure of the fiber entity and its relationship with the property. The chapter also covers technical applications of wool in various forms and efforts to isolate pure protein and other ingredients from waste wool for food preparation, medical applications, and the cosmetics industry.
Composites are used worldwide for their multiple abilities. In general, focus is more toward polymer matrix composites due to their availability in plenty, easy extraction without affecting the vicinity, and flexible manufacturability. The basic ability of polymer composites is light weight, so adoptability is better for versatile applications. In this chapter, the focus is toward a specific application, which is the damage-repairing ability of polymer composite. The damage repairing ability is neither by itself nor through external agents, both are discussed but predominantly self-healing . This ability makes the polymer composites to widen their applications to many domains therein, and it can save cost, human life, and so on.
Recent trends in pharmaceutical research indicated that drug delivery development involves various components in addition to the active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs). Biopolymers are a choice of excipient as it influences the formulation development in various ways. Alginates, a naturally occurring polymer established among the most versatile biopolymers, are used in a wide range of ample applications, including drug delivery. A need for prolonged and better control of drug administration has increased the demand for this tailor-made polymer’s molecule. However, alginate lacks properties such as stability and rate of degradation of alginate-based materials. Therefore, researchers have modified alginate using various physical or chemical approaches to enhance physicochemical and biological heterogeneity. The use of modified alginate offers a means to enhance drug matrix interactions and hence control the release of active molecules. This chapter discusses various approaches and applications of different alginate modifications as a tool in the drug delivery system.
Organophosphorus is an organic compound containing phosphorus, which is widely used as insecticides and pesticides. Around 50% of organophosphates are used as a pesticide to control the pests. The presence of organophosphates in our environment resulted in a high level of toxicity in the human’s respiratory and nervous systems. Compared to the conventional analytical method, molecular imprinted polymers (MIPs) have higher selectivity, higher sensitivity, are user friendly, and are cost-effective. Carbon-nanomaterial such as carbon nanotubes, graphene, graphene quantum dots, multiwalled carbon nanotubes, carbon dots, and graphitic carbon nitride has been used to modify the MIPs. Their excellent electronic conductivity and larger specific surface area could enhance the performance of the MIPs sensor. This chapter aims to highlight the recent progress of carbon-nanomaterial-modified MIPs in terms of their synthesis routes, material properties, and application as a sensor. Some future perspectives are considered to enhance this technology.
One of the important methods of preparing quantum dots is the sol–gel process, which is based on two basic steps: (1) hydrolysis and (2) polycondensation. It is simple and cost-effective in nature. First it gives sol, which is a stable dispersion of colloidal particles or polymers in the solvents. Then, it involves the formation of a gel, which gives the desired product after calcination. Many materials can be prepared by this sol–gel process. This method has a good control on composition, porosity, and particle size of the material. Synthesis of various quantum dots has been discussed in this chapter.
Chemical enhanced oil recovery (EOR) has become one major topic in oil field development as the conventional oil recovery methods cannot fulfill the increased oil consumption demand. The common chemical EOR methods include polymer flooding (PF), surfactant flooding (SF) and wettability alternation, alkaline flooding, and their combination, such as surfactant–PF, alkaline–SF, alkaline–PF, and alkaline–surfactant–PF. This chapter describes the principles of each chemical EOR method, as well as the characterization and evaluation of commonly used chemical agents, discusses the factors impacting the efficiency of each method, advantages, and disadvantages, and addresses the application limitation and the status of the applications. This chapter also covers the new developments of the chemical EOR technologies and the remaining challenges.
A general scientific principle taught in the areas of biology and biochemistry is that structure determines function. This principle and its consequences have permeated other areas and disciplines, especially in the research and applications of nanomaterials. Particularly in nanoparticle applications to biomedical research, this leitmotiv drives the investigation and advances in nanomedicine, where to achieve effective findings, along bold biomedical applications, it is necessary to design the functionalization of nanoparticles as one of the main objectives. Nanoparticles’ functionalization determines properties such as wettability, stability, biochemical affinity, loading capacity, cell adhesion, intracellular delivery, toxicity, and therapeutic performance. In this chapter review, we present the main functionalization routes such as ligand exchange, phase transfer, bioconjugation, and orthogonal chemistry methods. First, a current overview regarding the global spread of nanotechnology, particularly applied to health sciences, is summarized. Then, to illustrate the effect of the nanomaterials’ surface functionalization and bioconjugation, we discuss punctual cases comprising inorganic nanoparticles, their initial development stages, and potential applications. Finally, the remaining challenge includes the safe-by-design of these nanoparticles that should increase clinic translation. And this goal may be achieved by developing more in situ, eco-friendly, low cost, scalable, efficient, and straightforward production routes.
To optimize synergistic breast cancer treatment, a nanocomposite was fabricated with pH-temperature responsive and chemo-photothermal combination therapy. Herein, gold nanorods (AuNRs) are coated with [poly[(N-isopropylacrylamide)-co-(methacrylic acid)] (p(NIPAM-co-MAA)) modified mesoporous silica (MS) for Doxorubicin (DOX) delivery (AuNR@DOX-MS@p(NIPAM-co-MAA)). Upon NIR radiation, the AuNR core induced hyperthermia via generating heat. Simultaneously, the polymer layer collapsed in response to high temperature/low pH, which allowed the triggering of DOX release from the MS shell at the tumor site. With this nanocomposite, nearly zero premature release of DOX at physiological pH/temperature was detected, while effective DOX release was reported at higher temperature/lower pH values. In addition, in vitro studies demonstrated that the nanocomposite has a substantial uptake efficiency of MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells, with a significant increase in suppressing MDA-MB-231 ​cell proliferation in response to laser irradiation. The in vivo experiments further verified the high efficiency of the fabricated nanocomposite in accumulating at the tumor site and the good capability in suppressing tumor growth in the mice upon intravenous injection, while exhibiting good biosafety in relation to major organs in the body. Thus, the synthesized nanocomposite could be a potential nanocarrier for breast cancer treatment with synergistic chemo-photothermal therapeutic capability.
Injection moulding is one of the most common fibre-reinforced composite processing methods suitable for mass production of thermoplastic components, offering good levels of dimensional stability and part consistency. Injection moulding accounts for approximately a third of all fibre-reinforced composites produced. Recent advances in thermoplastic injection moulding have enabled manufacturers to include continuous fibre reinforcements to enhance the local mechanical performance of structural and semi-structural parts. This process, often referred to as composite injection overmoulding, is based on the injection of a thermoplastic resin (which may include short reinforcing fibres) over a polymer composite laminate, facilitating the production of fine geometric details not easily amenable through other manufacturing routes. The possibility of selective reinforcement within components to meet specific service requirements is another advantage of this technique and is increasingly being explored for the manufacture of aerospace and automotive components, among other applications. The focus of this chapter is on the practicalities of this process, providing manufacturers, part designers, and researchers with an overview of some of the most common challenges faced when producing structures with hybrid fibre architectures.
This chapter provides a high-level overview of the approach to design for a number of composite manufacturing processes. Design of structural components includes design for manufacturability, manufacturing-informed performance, and cost. A number of physical phenomena that govern manufacturing of thermoset and thermoplastic resins with continuous and discontinuous fibre systems are described. The role of simulation methods to design for manufacturability is highlighted for specific processes, including tape placement, laminate stamping, resin transfer moulding, and compression moulding.
Nowadays, synthetic fiber plays a synergism role in polymeric materials due to its high strength, stiffness, better thermal property, high damping capacity, superior wear resistance, and improved fatigue resistance. Different polymers are embedded with different synthetic fibers to form composite materials and are used in industries, like automobile, aerospace, and aircraft industries, and engineering applications. The increasing research on tribological properties of polymers and their composites has found in wear-related applications where the prime objective is to reduce or control the wear. Hence, it is essential to study intensively the different parameters that control the wear in polymers and their composites. This chapter reviews the effects of different synthetic fibers, their volume/weight fraction, operating parameters, and geometry on the tribological properties of the polymer composites. It will provide basic information about the different types of wear and a description of the test setup. It will also give an idea of their usability for various applications in the field of tribology.
Tribological performance of pristine polymer coatings and films in various application including lubricant, corrosion, machinery design, gear, bearing, mircoelectronics, marine, aerospace, cryogenic, and biomedical industries has received extensive attention of research community. On reducing the thickness of polymer coatings/films to nanoscale (less than 100nm), they are termed as nanolayers, which possess application in nanoelectronic component design such as sensors for tip of atomic and tunneling microscopy. Their tribological performance in specific application is governed by tribological characteristics including wear life, wear resistance, load bearing capacity, coefficient of friction, operating temperature, and adhesion along with secondary factors viz., surface energy, wettability, and corrosion rate. These characteristics depend on various factors such as synthesis and transfer technique, synthesis parameters, nature of polymer and substrate, surface chemistry of surface, thickness of coating/film, and external conditions (temperature, pressure, and humidity). However, dependence of tribological characteristics can be majorly optimized during the fabrication or deposition of coating/film/layer. This chapter reviews various polymer based coating, films, and layers along with detailed analysis of their tribological behavior for different tribological applications. Various synthesis techniques for specific polymers have been included. Further, the impact of various synthesis parameters and conditions on specific polymer tribological characters has been discussed. It also discusses the various challenges associated with different polymer-based coating/layer/film in their pristine form. It summarizes overall outlook of various polymer-based coatings/layer/film for tribological performances with insights on their tribological characteristics. The chapter will serve as a basic for developing advanced polymer-based coating systems in the form of composite system and inclusion of additives.
The chapter includes laws of friction, friction coefficients, negative friction coefficient, friction in polymers and their composites, polymers, fillers (micro- and nanominerals, ceramic fillers, fibers, etc.), friction mechanism, recent experimental and theoretical research work on friction, friction coefficient, and wear rate under vertical and horizontal vibrations, the mathematical and empirical friction models, “Zaman number,” molecular–mechanical theory of friction, wet surface friction, friction between wet floors and shoe soles, friction on wet roads, the interaction between the road surface and rubber tires, the estimation of the surface roughness of tiles and the road surface. Road surface characteristics and friction mechanism, the friction coefficient between moving vehicles and road surfaces, friction coefficient by MICHELIN Technology are also discussed. A discussion on the Stribeck curve, scratch resistance in polymers/composites/coatings/films, models and mechanisms of scratch damage, and scratch hardness is also included. In addition, wear definition and its types, like adhesive, abrasive galling, fatigue, and fretting, general methods of polymer wear reduction, dimensional-analysis-based wear model, the “Asad number,” and mitigation of fretting wear and lubrication are also discussed.
We account the metal organic framework of europium-activated hybrid organic Eu(dmh)3phen [Eu: europium; dmh=2,6-Dimethyl-3,5-heptanedione; Phen: 1,10 Phenanthroline] complex into host polymers, polymethylmethacrylate (PMMA), and polysterene (PS) at different wt% of the complex by molecular doping. The photophysical properties of these films were characterized by ultraviolet (UV)-Vis absorption and photoluminescence (PL) spectroscopy. Absorption spectra were employed to study the spectral shift of π→π* and n→π* transitions in solid state at different wt% and the films solvated in various organic solvents at different concentrations. The optical energy band gap of the films in PMMA/PS was found to be in the range of 3.5–4.0eV. The PL emission spectra always registered at 613nm, irrespective of polymer wt% and basic/acidic environment. Relative intensity ratio (R), which quantifies the degree of Eu3+ symmetry variation in diverse local environments, was illustrated. The Commission International Eclairage (CIE) coordinates of Eu(dmh)3phen blended thin films with PMMA and PS in various organic solvents at 10 and 25wt% were found to be in the orange–red region irrespective of doping concentration and solvent polarity. Thus, the synthesized complex proves its perspective as red light emissive material for OLED devices that can be fabricated by affordable solution techniques.
Transdermal drug delivery (TDD) is an important route for systemic drug administration and is becoming popular because of its affordability and expediency. Drug properties, patient’s adherence to the treatment regimen, and the system’s ability to adhere to the skin are some of the key aspects that govern and promote the penetration of the drug through the skin barrier. Traditional formulations for transdermal drug administration have certain constraints such as minimal permeability, reduced skin adherence, and dose monitoring of the potent drugs. Low penetration of drug into the skin has led to numerous studies being conducted to increase the permeability and penetration of the drugs, with the prime focus being toward the utilization of natural polysaccharides in transdermal formulations. Polymer blending and other structural modifications are carried out to alter their functional properties and hence their dermal penetration. Here in this chapter, we have discussed the various plant polysaccharides that are used in TDD system. Additionally, we have also discussed the limitations and the future prospects of the polysaccharides in the development of TDD.
This chapter discusses the utilization of conductive polymer composite (CPC)-based materials as flexible strain sensors. The fundamental issues and important aspects of strain sensors are briefly and technically described. Then, the structural design concepts of CPC-based strain sensors are discussed in detail, taking into account the importance of material selection and processing method. Compositional parameters and physical properties affecting the sensing performance of CPC-based strain sensors are highlighted. Challenges, emerging technologies, and future trends related to this topic are also presented based on the recent literature in this subject area.
Application of polymer composites as sensors is a common area of interest for many materials scientists, due to the ability of these composites to undergo changes in their properties under various stimuli such as gas, pH, pressure, temperature, strain, humidity, chemical environment, etc. These sensor devices must be characterized properly. Different instruments and characterization techniques have been employed to evaluate their sensing performance as well as other physicomechanical, thermal, and rheological properties. As sensing behavior is strongly related to their electrical properties, therefore different instruments and techniques have been used to study sensing performance in terms of electrical performance properties under various stimuli. These include cyclic voltammetry (CV), amperometric measurements, impedance analysis, pulse resistometry, quartz crystal microbalance (QCM) with impedance analyzer, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS), digital multimeter, and electrical impedance tomography (EIT), among others. In this chapter, the working principle and testing methodology of these different instruments and characterization techniques for various polymer composite sensors are discussed in detail. In addition to these techniques, this chapter also covers the basic principle and testing methods of other instruments and techniques used to measure other performance properties of polymer composite-based sensors.
This introductory chapter reviews and discusses the evolving application of polymers as pH sensors, gas sensors, ion-selective sensors, humidity sensors, biosensor devices, and so on, in a thorough and cumulative fashion. Polymers are finding a permanent role in advanced electronic measuring equipment such as sensor devices, as their physicochemical behaviors can be tuned to a wide variety of features. Both inherently conducting and nonconducting polymers are utilized in sensor devices, and the polymers either are part of the actual sensing mechanism or they immobilize the component that does the sensing. Present sensor developments as well as prospective sensor research issues are reviewed.
Biosensors have gained increasing significance in recent years on account of their many advantages, including low cost, simplicity of use, and portability. They are successful analytical sensing tools in detection of target analytes in various fields, such as clinical diagnosis, the food industry, environmental monitoring, and biosecurity. Among different immobilization support materials, polymer nanocomposites have been preferred in the construction of biosensors/sensors due to their promising characteristics of high mechanical and electrical features, good environmental stability, low cost, and good electrical conductivity. This chapter summarizes the recent advances in polymer nanocomposite modified biosensors and investigates their applications in biosensor fabrication.
Humidity assessment is an important concern in a variety of applications, including instrumentation, automation processes, agricultural production, climate science, and geographic information systems (GIS). This chapter examines a number of humidity sensors that have been manufactured and established for lab-based and industrial applications. RH sensors are frequently studied in terms of their inorganic and organic functional substances, including polymers, highly permeable ceramics, and electrolytes, along with conduction processes and fabrication techniques. Furthermore, the working principle, sensing substances, different production processes, transduction technologies, and efficiency of various humidity sensors are explained in detail. Future prospects of humidity sensors are examined, along with certain limitations, such as sensing component efficiency and conduction values, that must be overcome.
The application of ionic liquid is not limited to its use as a solvent. It is not only employed as additives to the varieties of polymer formation and its hybrids but also used as plasticizers, porogenic agents, and components of polymer electrolytes. Ionic liquids are also considered a component of the polymeric matrixes, novel electrolytes for electrochemical polymerization, and templates for porous polymer. The functionality of the polymeric material increases due to the charge density of the resulting material and solubility of ionic liquid but in the case of hybrid material, it is due to the basic mobility of ionic liquid.Nanoporous polymer incorporated ionic liquid monomer can develop many new materials which have many applications in the area of fuel cell membrane and battery.The significant properties like the low vapor pressure, thermal stability, electrochemical applications, catalytic ability, nanofluids, and membrane proton conductivity associated with incorporated ionic liquids in polymer make it more interesting and valuable for industrial applications. Incorporation of ionic liquid in the polymeric membrane can modify the transport and separation properties of the membrane and it can also be applied for pervaporation, separation of mixtures of liquid, separation of mixtures of metal ion, and separation of mixtures of gas. Polymer-based solid electrolytes show superior properties like good flexibility and high mechanical properties.The main objective of this chapter is to give a synopsis of the variety of ionic liquid and its incorporated polymer and ionic liquid-polymer composite with a new emphasis on new strategies used in the development of more and newly designed functions of ionic liquid in polymer and their application.
Surgical sutures are widely employed materials for effective wound closure. In the modern world, a wide array of suture materials is available. There are many parameters to evaluate the potency and suitability of sutures. Biocompatibility and cytotoxicity are crucial parameters of suture materials. A comprehensive analysis on biocompatibility and cytotoxicity of sutures will provide the information about their reliability and safety. The methods used to elucidate the biocompatibility and cytotoxicity of suture materials is very important. In vivo and in vitro methods are available for the evaluation of biocompatibility and cytotoxicity. This chapter provides an overview about classification and characteristics of polymer sutures along with the methods used to study the cytotoxicity and biocompatibility of suture materials.
Thermal degradation of polymeric materials has huge importance in developing a rational technology of polymer processing, high-temperature resistant polymers, as well as efficient polymer thermal recycling routes. Controlling degradation requires an understanding of different phenomena as thermal degradation is a complex process that may occur during the processing, usage, storage, application, and recycling of polymers. Although numerous physicochemical structure-processing-properties relationships in polymeric materials have been determined, it is still a need to investigate how the presence of nanoscale or biobased fillers influence the polymer materials degradation route and final characteristics. It can be expected that recent developments in computational tools and modeling/simulation approaches, as well as progress in supramolecular and interface chemistry will contribute to a better understanding of next-generation hybrid polymeric materials with advanced thermal properties. Moreover, future developments will need to address recycling issues with special attention paid to health and environmental safety issues.
Various techniques have been used for encapsulation of biomaterials and pharmaceutical products. It is possible to control morphology of encapsulated materials through controlling parameters of encapsulation process. In this chapter, different morphologies of encapsulated materials have been described, and influencing parameters have been discussed. Morphology of final encapsulated material affects strongly their properties including rate and condition of their release. This may help one to control drug release or targeted pharmaceutical product release both in vivo and in vitro systems.
Fused deposition modeling (FDM), also known as fused filament fabrication (FFF), is a widespread additive manufacturing (AM) technology belonging to the family of “material extrusion” (ME) methods. The conventional feedstock in FDM is a thermoplastic (or wax) filament of standard diameter of either 1.75 mm or 2.85 mm. However, a key advantage of FDM is the ability to process thermoplastic-matrix composites, which enables the production of complicated objects with bespoke functionality and even the fabrication of fully inorganic parts. In principle, printing an object by FDM is relatively simple. The filament is fed into the printer and pushed into the liquefier by counter-rotating gears. After melting, the feedstock flows through the print nozzle and lends onto the base platform according to a computer-controlled path. The process is repeated layer upon layer, until the desired three-dimensional geometry is completed. Dual-nozzle printers allow multi-material printing. However, in spite of its apparent easiness, the part's build-up is actually a complex process governed by numerous, and often inter-related, variables. After introducing the basics of FDM, this chapter details how to print an object and what parameters should be considered to reach the desired performance.
The composite materials are a fundamental part of our daily life due to their advance properties and applications. Polymer composites are low in cost, easy to fabricate and have diverse range of applications, including our day-to-day life to advance technology and medical fields. In this chapter we focus on the advancement in biomedical polymer composite and its applications, such as in tissue engineering, wound healing, dental, cardiovascular system, and fracture healing. This chapter also includes various fabrication methods of biomedical composites such as different types of molding processes.
Fabrication and characterization of natural fiber as well as particulate-reinforced polymeric composites are studied in this chapter. Fabrication of hybrid polymer matrix composites is performed and correlation between composite properties with the microstructure is established. The incorporation of various reinforcements (both natural and synthetic) is suitably explained with the details of different processing techniques. For estimation of the mechanical, thermal, and degradation behavior of particulate-dispersed polymer composites different characterization techniques are used.
Current developments in energy storage material fields are anticipated to offer viable solutions to many problems associated with energy storage and density. Polymer nanocomposites (PNCs) possess exceptional physicochemical properties that cannot be achieved by a single component alone. Moreover, these have obtained keen research interests due to their promising potential for a wide variety of application. PNCs provide low cost and attractive potential storage systems for energy storage devices and dielectric materials. Considering the distinctive potential of PNCs, this chapter reviews the PNCs and their role in energy storage devices and dielectric materials.
Inspired by the lotus-leaf water repellent attribute, the ‘queen of textiles’, silk has been modified through the simple admicellar polymerization technique. Thin polymer coatings were successfully designed and fabricated on silk surfaces using surfactant-aided polymerization of 1H, 1H, 2H, 2H-Perfluorodecyl acrylate. The nanostructured surface morphology was studied by SEM and EDX. The structural changes of the surface due to new bond formation after surface modification were studied by FTIR technique. The water drop stay time test and water contact angle (WCA) measurement indicated that a substantial degree of hydrophobicity has been imparted to the silk surface. The best WCA of the polymer-coated silk was found to be 140.1°. The modified (cured at 60 °C) silk was studied to check the durability and quality of the polymer coating. The thermal stability of the coating was also found to be remarkably good. The modified hydrophobic surface showed enthralling durability against multiple washing cycles and abrasion cycles.
This review paper deals with the advancements of composites to shape memory alloys. The journey of smart materials from conventional composites to advance shape memory alloys and their application is described in this literature. Classification of smart materials such as smart composites, shape memory alloys, polymer composite and various other types of materials that are intelligent are explained briefly. Different manufacturing and developing techniques to manufacture smart materials and characterization of conventional composites is compared with advance modern day shape memory alloys. Shape memory effect such as one way and two-way shape memory effect are depicted. However, the most important of all the applications and extensive use of smart materials in health care sector for implants and various other uses with uses in aerospace and automotive industries are reviewed.
Anthropogenic carbon dioxide (CO2) is currently the largest contributor to global warming. With its abundant, nontoxic, and renewable nature, incorporating CO2 as feedstock for polymer synthesis presents a promising route toward a circular carbon economy. This chapter highlights the recent advances in CO2-based polymers, with particular emphasis on commercially important polycarbonates (PCs) and polyurethanes (PUs). Industrially viable approaches will be introduced, complemented with discussions on bridging the gap between academia and industry.
The food processing industries are a risk and a challenge to the environment due to the nondegradability of most plastic packaging materials and the lack of recycling infrastructure along with poor waste management of residues, which are often discarded without being used in further side streams. Currently, there are huge demands of natural or bio- or biodegradable polymers such as seaweed polysaccharide are very promising alternative example: alginates. They are natural hydrophilic polysaccharide biopolymers mainly extracted from brown algae. It exhibits good film-forming properties, low permeability to oxygen, gloss while being tasteless and odorless. However, it has a number of disadvantages such as water solubility, poor tensile strength and others. The addition of other ingredients such as starch, biopolymers, or natural active agents enhances their features. In this chapter, we summarized the current state of algae in food consumption and related packaging materials.
This article outlines various spectroscopic and chromatographic techniques used by modern forensic science laboratories in the identification and comparison of textile fibers. These techniques are typically utilized following initial microscopic techniques. The article is not intended as a “laboratory manual” or a “standard operating procedure”, but rather as an overview of the workflow and methods employed in a modern operational forensic science laboratory and the information that can be gained from their application. While many of the methods and techniques described can be considered “industry standard”, it may be that due to the financial constraints and/or a lack of suitable expertise in a given laboratory, these may not all be utilized. Where such constraints on resources are a factor, the most rapid, discriminating techniques available/affordable should clearly be the ones employed.
Water pollution by water-soluble polymers is a severe emerging water challenge that needs urgent attention. Therefore, selenium ferrite immobilized on functionalized cellulose (SeFe2O4@Cell) was prepared for the purification of polyethylene glycol (PEG) polluted water. Characterization of SeFe2O4@Cell revealed the BET (Brunauer-Emmett-Teller) surface area to be 13.50 m2 g−1 and a total pore volume of 0.076 cm3 g−1. The crystallite size using X-ray diffraction (XRD) was 17.32 nm while the scanning electron micrograph (SEM) revealed a heterogeneous surface with irregular shaped particles. The adsorption capacity of SeFe2O4@Cell towards PEG is 39.20 mg g−1 with a percentage removal of 98%, which obeys the Freundlich isotherms. The adsorption mechanism was found to be via electrostatic interaction. The process is pseudo-second-order compliant, spontaneous, and endothermic with ΔHo (1.0055 kJ mol−1) and ΔSo (0.0042 kJ mol-1K−1) values within range that describes the process. Conclusively, the study presents SeFe2O4@Cell as a promising material that can be potentially used to purify water contaminated with PEG.
Polymeric membranes (PMs) have recently been applied as one of the promising carbon capture technologies from emission streams before being released to the atmosphere. Efficient separation requires using polymer materials high CO2 selectivity characteristics, as well as mechanical and chemical stabilities to last for a reasonable working lifespan. This chapter reviews the recent improvements in PMs used for carbon capture. The selected polymer materials include ether oxygen-rich polymers, perfluoropolymers, polymeric ionic liquid membranes, iptycene-containing polymers and thermally rearranged polymers. In each of the selected polymeric materials, the pivotal aspects for membrane synthesis and design are highlighted. The performance of the polymeric membranes is compared with other membrane materials used for CO2 capture. The environmental challenges, economic assessment, commercialization, and scaling of PMs for carbon capture are also discussed.
High-performance fiber-reinforced polymer (FRP) composites are widely used in automotive applications. The depletion of petroleum-based resources, increasing awareness about using eco-friendly materials, and high manufacturing costs have encouraged researchers to find sustainable natural alternatives to synthetic fibers. Due to advancements in nanotechnology, modifying a polymer matrix with nanofillers has become an interesting approach to improving the properties of FRP composites. Numerous researchers have evaluated the effect on mechanical properties from adding various nanofillers (graphene, carbon nanotube, nanoclay, nanocellulose, etc.) to nanocomposites at levels ranging from a 0.01 to 5wt%. Adding nanofillers significantly improves the mechanical properties of polymer composites. This chapter addresses the effect of different nanofiller weight percentages on the properties of polymer nanocomposites in automotive applications.
Nanocomposite polymer electrolytes were prepared using solution casting. Polyethylene oxide, lithium iodide, and nanocellulose (NCC) extracted from an oil palm empty fruit bunch were used to prepare the electrolyte film. The prepared films were subjected to Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy, transference number measurement, and linear sweep voltammetry to determine structural and electrical behavior. The system impregnated with 0.6wt% NCC achieved the highest ionic conductivity, 1.03±0.5 × 10−3Scm−1, at room temperature. All films adhered to the Arrhenius relationship, and dielectric studies indicated non-Debye electrolyte behavior. The ion transference number of the optimized film was 0.99, and its electrochemical stability reached ∼2.9V.
A hydrophilic macromolecular network is synthesized by crosslinking of grafted polyvinyl alcohol methionine with bisacrylamide (PVAMB). Firstly, polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) was chemically modified by grafting methionine onto its backbone using persulphate initiator. Secondly, the crosslinking of grafted polymer was carried out using N, N’ - Methylene bisacrylamide. The crosslinked macromolecule was characterized by UV Visible spectroscopy, FTIR spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction. The thermal behaviour of the crosslinked polymer was analysed using thermogravimetric analyser. The thermal stability of the polymeric network was found to be stable up to 400 °C. To optimize the performance and quality of the synthesized cross-linked polymer, Taguchi L-9 orthogonal array of experiments were designed with the factors such as weight of the hydrogel, pH, time of exposure and temperature using Qualitek-4 software. The studies revealed that PVAMB retains water molecules in their network to a greater extent in neutral solution. Also the swelling behaviour of the cross-linked polymer was investigated in various physiological solutions.
The extensive utilisations of polymer matrix composites in several engineering applications are due to their exemplary properties and enhanced performance, when compared to traditional materials Several research works are carried out on polymer composites to showcase the effectiveness and efficiency. The recent area of interest in polymer composites is to evaluate the erosion properties. The possibilities of incorporation of fillers in polymer matrix composites with respect to the erosion behaviour are reviewed. Limited works are available with regard to tribological performance of polymer composites. The erosion characteristics of filler reinforced polymer composites are considered for review in this article.[copyright information to be updated in production process]
Supercapacitors are power devices having lower energy storage capacities. Different materials are researched for increasing its energy density without decreasing its power density. Polymer nanocomposites are one of such materials researched intensively as electrode material for supercapacitor applications. Different conducting polymers such as polyaniline, polypyrrole, and polythiol were used in the synthesis of different carbon as well as ceramic polymer nanocomposites. Out of these conducting polymer nanocomposites, metal or ceramic-polyaniline (PANi) nanocomposites are researched for supercapacitor electrodes due to their higher energy density than its contributors. Herein, the utility, research progress, and the energy storage parameters of asymmetric supercapacitors employing ceramic/PANi composites as electrodes are detailed.
Advanced dielectric materials are largely demanded in many engineering applications such as power electronics, dielectric capacitors, electronic packaging, and electromagnetic shielding. Ferroelectric ceramics (FCs) are high-dielectric constant materials with relatively lower breakdown strength than polymeric dielectric materials. While polymer materials (PMs) have large breakdown strength but suffer low dielectric constant. Various efforts have been made in developing a single material with simultaneous high dielectric constant and breakdown strength by combining the PM (as a matrix) and the FC (as reinforcement). In many cases, high agglomeration and incompatibility of such material combination are hurdles facing this class of composite materials. However, various studies have tried to address the challenges via interface tailoring. Basically, it involves surface modification or functionalization of FCs to meet appreciable compatibility with PMs, which have shown positive results in this regard. Therefore, this chapter focused on the synthesis, characterization, and contribution of surface functionalization on dielectric properties of FC-PM composites. This chapter gives insight on advancement of dielectric responses of functionalized FC-based composites, current challenges, recommendations, and applications.
Carbon capture and storage (CCS) is an emerging technology that aims to reduce carbon emissions from industrial processes. Carbon capture with membranes is a subfield of CCS that utilizes specialized membranes to selectively separate CO2 from other gases. This technology is considered to be an efficient and cost-effective option for reducing carbon emissions. This article aims to provide an introduction to carbon capture with membranes and the current state of the technology. The different types of membranes used in carbon capture and their advantages and limitations are discussed. The article also explores the potential for scaling up the technology for large-scale deployment. Additionally, the challenges that need to be addressed for the technology to be widely adopted are also discussed. The article concludes with a brief overview of the potential for carbon capture with membranes to play a significant role in achieving global emissions reduction targets.
In today’s world demand for durability and recyclability are among the main factors considered while choosing a material for any products to be made. In the automobile sector apart from exterior parts of the vehicles, the interior parts should also be durable as it faces different types of loads in various situation. Internal door panel is considered as one of the most important interior part of the vehicle as it has to undergo different forces from the user side and also are meant to reduce the impact force on the passenger in an accident. Natural fiber reinforced polymer composites are considered to be very durable and are lighter than a lot of other materials present in the market. They have higher impact strength, higher tensile strength than a regular material. The Young’s modulus of coir fibers usually lies between 4 and 6 GPa. In this work coir fiber reinforced polypropylene was used as the material for the internal door panel. It has an elastic modulus of 1.9 GPa and has a tensile strength of 34 MPa. A FEA was done on the door panel to determine whether it is going to be a suitable replacement of the current material which is being used and if the maximum stress exceeds the ultimate tensile strength then whether the remaining stress will affect the human body in a fatal way or not. The deformation seen was around 1.036 mm with the maximum stress being 3.877 × 107 N/m2, which is an acceptable value for protecting the occupant. When a load of 100 N was put on the armrest it showed a maximum deformation of 1.213 × 104 N/m2 which is not more than the Young’s modulus meaning it can handle a load on the armrest when someone put their hand on it. The maximum deformation in the armrest was only 6.49 × 10−4 mm, showing it is suitable as a material for the internal car door panel.
Staphylococcal-associated surgical site infections (SSI) are common nosocomial infections in healthcare facilities worldwide. The use of antiseptic-coated sutures has been recommended to minimise the risk of SSI in clinical settings. However, as there has been a growing concern over antibiotic resistance resulting from antiseptic usage, development of antimicrobial sutures using alternative compounds is necessary. In this study, menadione (2-methyl-1,4-napthoquinone), also known as Vitamin K3, was evaluated as a potential antimicrobial compound for suture coating. The anti-staphylococcal activity of menadione was assessed using microbroth dilution method and biofilm inhibition assays. The low menadione minimum biofilm inhibitory concentration values against both methicillin-susceptible and -resistant S. aureus strains indicate its inhibitory activity against staphylococcal biofilm. Menadione-coated sutures were prepared by dip-coating surgical sutures in slurries containing poly(D,L-lactide-co-glycolide) polymers (either 65:35 or 75:25) and calcium stearate. Zone of inhibition assays showed dose-dependent antimicrobial effects of the sutures up to four days. A ∼3 log10 colony forming unit/ml reduction of adherent bacteria (p < 0.05) on the sutures was demonstrated via bacterial adherence assays. The integrity and tensile strength of the sutures were unaffected by the coating procedure. In view of the increased antibiotic resistance and limited antimicrobials, menadione may be potentially useful for antimicrobial coating of surgical sutures.
In recent days, research work on polymer is increasing due to its outstanding properties. The present research work is used to describe the fabrication of natural polymer laminated composite using gelatin and coir fiber. Cellulose and epoxy resin is used to strengthen a polymer composite. The combination of gelatin, coir, epoxy resin and cellulose is provided the composite with strong and harder. Weight percentage of fiber, stirrer speed and slurry concentration is the input constrains of the hand lay method. Tensile properties are evaluated and optimized by Taguchi method.
Natural fiber reinforced polymer composite is playing a vital role in advanced manufacturing process. The present investigation deals with ultrasonic drilling on the synthesized gelatin natural fiber composite. Lapox and screw pine fiber is considered as the reinforced matrix to the gelatin polymer. Hardness, tensile strength and impact strength is evaluated in the composite. Power rating, slurry concentration and grit size is used to evaluate the rate of metal removal of the composite. Taguchi approach is analyzed to optimize the rate of metal removal. The mean of SN ratio plot is used to study the optimal solution and correlation between the process factors.
The development of polymer materials and polymer membrane fabrication techniques in recent years greatly elevates the importance and feasibility of organic solvent nanofiltration (OSN) technology, while challenges from different perspectives still hinder the wider applications of polymer based OSN membranes. This article reviews the OSN membrane research specifically from the perspective of polymer membrane materials, starting by recapping the recent progress of polymer based integrally skinned asymmetric (ISA) and thin film composite (TFC) OSN membranes. Comparing to commercially available polyimide ISA membranes and polyamide TFC membranes, multiple categories of emerging polymer materials result in membranes with much improved permselectivity for highly efficient molecular separation. In view of adopting OSN membranes for engineering applications, this review also summarizes some key challenges unique to polymer membranes including material swelling, physical aging and membrane compaction, and recent efforts to overcome them. The future research direction and application prospects of polymer OSN membranes are briefly discussed in the latter part of the article, noting that improved membrane formation control and crosslinking strategies, and the development of emerging polymer membrane materials is at high necessity to break through the application constraints of OSN in terms of permselectivity and performance stability.
Plastic litter has become increasingly abundant in the environment, with entire products and fragments found worldwide in practically all environmental matrices. The global oceans are especially exposed to plastic debris, as they are natural sinks for pollution. A proportion of land-based plastic materials find their way to the marine environment. As part of the work toward a solution to the increasing amounts of plastic litter, interest in plastic biodegradation processes has grown. This plastic litter is subjected to various extrinsic environmental conditions (e.g., temperature, moisture, pH, salinity, oxygen concentration, UV exposure, microbial community structure, and variations in mechanical energy) to influence its biodegradation potential and the rate at which that biodegradation takes place. Plastics comprise a wide range of polymers with distinct intrinsic physical and chemical properties (polymer type, crystallinity, molecular weight, morphology, additive chemical content, and composition) that significantly influence their susceptibility to particular degradation mechanisms, including biodegradation. As a result of large variations in these intrinsic and extrinsic parameters, the biodegradation and biodegradability of plastics within the natural environment is a complex process not conducive to a simple or generic description. Despite a steadily increasing research focus on plastic biodegradation, much remains unknown about the interactions among microorganisms, environments, and plastic materials. This chapter provides an overview of biodegradation mechanisms. It combines this with current knowledge about the intrinsic and extrinsic parameters that influence plastic biodegradability, emphasizing biodegradation in the marine environment. Topics for further research and development are also highlighted.
This chapter discusses the use of vinylester resin as a matrix in polymer composite materials to be used in civil engineering applications. The chapter begins by discussing the increasing trend of composite development and uses in civil engineering along with the related reasons. It then reviews the chemistry of vinylester resins together with their mechanical and chemical properties as well as the applications of vinylester resin and composites in the construction industry. The chapter includes indications of future applications of vinylester-based fiber-reinforced composites.
Fiber reinforced polymers (FRPs) have been widely utilized in the civil engineering and construction industry for decades, especially in structural engineering. Fiber materials provide the main reinforcing elements. Main fiber reinforced polymers include carbon fiber reinforced polymer, glass fiber reinforced polymer, aramid fiber reinforced polymer, and basalt fiber reinforced polymer. Their properties are critical in design and applications. This chapter provides general instruction of FRP materials and properties. Mechanical properties of typical FRP materials are given.
In this chapter, an experimental study is first performed to characterise the behaviour of carbon fabric-reinforced polymer (CFRP) composites used in sports products under large-deflection bending in Izod-type dynamic tests. X-ray micro computed tomography (micro-CT) is used to investigate various damage modes in the impacted CFRP specimens, which revealed matrix cracking, delaminations, tow debonding, and fibre fracture. Subsequently, three-dimensional finite-element models based on cohesive-zone method are developed to study the onset, propagation and interaction of some damage modes such as delamination and fabric fracture observed with micro-CT. The developed numerical models are capable to simulate the damage mechanisms and their interaction observed in the tests. In this study, the pattern of damage formation observed in specimens was front-to-back, unlike bottom-to-top one in drop weight impact tests. The effect of boundary conditions on the dynamic response and damage evolution of composite laminates is also investigated.
Solid polymer electrolytes are fast replacing the liquid ones because of their numerous advantages such as high energy density, long cycling life, fast charging, low leakage currents and easy fabrication in a variety of shapes. Although most of the reports are based on Li-ion batteries, focus is slowly shifting to develop electrolytes with Group II elements such as Magnesium and Calcium because of their easy availability and moderate ionic activity.In this work, we have complexed polymer polyvinyl alcohol with Magnesium Chloride (MgCl2·6H2O) at different weight percentages. DC conductivity studies were conducted using a two probe setup. It is seen that the activation energy of the system depends on ionic conductivity which in turn depend on the percolating interfacial effect, i.e. anions adsorb on the surface of fillers (and then break up the ion pair and lead to increased interfacial ionic conductivity.This increased conductivity is partly due to the doping and partly due to midgap energy levels developing due to formation of polarons and bipolarons in the composite gel polymer electrolyte .
Increasing morbidity and mortality rates around the world due to antimicrobial resistance had attracted numerous research interests, particularly on producing polymeric materials with antimicrobial properties. These researchers aim to overcome and minimize the major infection problems caused by antimicrobial resistance. These antimicrobial polymeric materials are the alternative to conventional biocide. The aim of such articles are to minimize the transmission of microbes to humans after in contact with contaminated surfaces. The aim of this paper is to provide an overview of inorganic material with antimicrobial properties as filler for thermoplastic elastomer. The antimicrobial mechanism against pathogen is discussed. This paper also shares several techniques used to produce polymeric materials with antimicrobial properties. The authors hope to advance knowledge in the field and encourage more research into the production of antimicrobial material based on polymers.
Hydrogels are polymer chain networks that can store more than 90% of water in the space between the polymer chains. They are sometimes found as colloidal gels. Natural and synthetic polymers with important qualities like biocompatibility, mechanical strength, biodegradability, and stimuli sensitivity are used to make hydrogels. Hydrogels’ unique qualities make them a good fit for a variety of applications, including biomedical, electrochemical, food packaging, and agricultural applications. The creation of hydrogels with different nanoparticles and other biomolecules has been the subject of extensive research over the past few decades. This chapter provides an insight into the history, classification, principles, application, and kinetics of hydrogels.
Green chemistry is the exploitation of principles that reduce the production of dangerous materials in chemical product design, manufacture, and application. Green solvents are biosolvents derived from the processing of agricultural crops. Typical organic solvents are harmful, poisonous, and dangerous to the environment. Green solvents replace harmful petrochemical solvents. The green solvents are widely used in fuel cells, solar cells, supercapacitors, and batteries for energy storage and conversion applications. The performance of green solvents is better than conventional solvents.
Thermally conductive polymer composites not only have excellent heat transfer similar to metals and ceramics but also retain the unique advantages of polymers such as light weight, easy processing, low cost, etc., and are widely used in aerospace, electronics, medical devices, and other fields. This chapter introduces the application of thermally conductive polymer composites in different scenarios and divides them into thermally conductive plastic, thermally conductive adhesive, thermally conductive paint, etc., outlines their general performance characteristics and research progress, and looks forward to their future development trends.
Oil is one of the important energy sources for human survival. However, the leakage problem in the process of mining and transportation caused a huge waste of oil resources. The use of adsorbent materials for recycling is currently the most economical treatment method, which has the characteristics of high efficiency and low consumption. Among various adsorption materials, one-dimensional (1D) porous materials are widely used in the field of oil adsorption due to their advantages of large aspect ratio, high specific surface area, and abundant pore structure. In this chapter, using the developed hyper-crosslinked tubular nanofibers and biomass platanus orientalis fibers as raw materials, one-dimensional tubular nanofibers with different diameters, different lengths, and different surface pore structures are obtained for oil adsorption. The effects of the pore size, length, and surface pore structure of the fibers on the oil adsorption performance are systematically investigated.
Material science has grown in popularity and use as a result of a strong need for composite materials that combine the benefits of both components. There has been a surge of attention toward the tailoring the structural features of materials on a nanometer scale during the last few years all over the world. Nanocomposites materials have been extensively researched in the scientific literature because they provide significant property benefits even when the nanoparticle proportion is minimal. Incorporating inorganic nanoparticles into polymer matrices is a strong method for imparting their intriguing and complementary features to polymer products. Polymer nanocomposites formulation is an important part of polymer nanotechnology, and it has advanced in development owing to their novel characteristics after nanoparticle integration. After incorporating a range of nanoparticles that vary in form, shape, surface area, and chemical organization, many nanocomposites consisting of synthetic polymers and/or biopolymers have been explored. Thus, polymer composites have risen to the top of the list of technologically important materials due to their vast range of uses. In this chapter, we’ll look at some examples of nanocomposites that can be made using different methods such as in situ polymerization, electrospinning, solution casting, melt extrusion, etc. This chapter will provide an overview of processing and characterization techniques, as well as physical, chemical, biological, and rheological features of polymer nanocomposites (PNCs). To encourage future work on the creation of ever more promising materials, the current problems and possible applications of these composites are presented. Finally, a full assessment of recent developments and patents in the field is offered, gradually demonstrating the prospects for the establishment of a variety of polymer nanocomposite materials.
Innovations in food packaging materials can increase food safety and quality, extend shelf life and minimize food waste. The incorporation of nanotechnology into packaging materials presents great opportunities for improving the performance and functionality of these materials. This article presents the most commonly used nanoparticles and their applications in the development of nanotechnology-enabled packaging materials. Inorganic nanoparticles and biodegradable organic nanoparticle-enabled packaging are discussed. Applications of nanostructure in improved packaging, active packaging, and intelligent packaging that helps to improve food safety and quality are reviewed. Additionally, the safety concerns of nanomaterials migration from packaging to foods are described.
Food packaging plays a vital role in the modern food industry. Packaging is a coordinated system of preparing foods for transport, distribution, storage, retailing, and use. Keeping the contents clean, fresh, and safe for the intended shelf life is a primary function of food packaging. Without proper packaging materials and diverse formats, foods cannot be efficiently transported worldwide and reach consumers safely. Packaging materials result from science and engineering with each having unique features. Paper and plastic are two dominant contributors to packaging. Glass and metal materials have excellent performance in preserving food. With sustainability awareness increasing, biobased materials have gained a lot of attention. This chapter introduces the four primary packaging materials, paper, plastics, glass, and metal, plus biobased polymers, focusing on their physical and chemical properties and their application. Multilayer structure packaging materials, which are practical solutions to meet barrier, strength, and storage requirements of food items, are mentioned. Auxiliary materials and materials for distribution packaging are also briefly discussed.
This chapter reports the developments in the optical device applications of polymer and fullerene-derived nanocomposites. The particular emphasis of this chapter is on optical devices. The polymer/fullerene nanocomposites display extraordinary structural, optical, electronics, and physical properties, which are desirable in optical device applications. Predominantly, conjugated polymer matrices have been applied in optoelectronic devices such as photovoltaic cells, light-emitting diodes, sensors, and other electronics. The application of polymer/fullerene nanocomposites in optical devices has further broadened the scope of the use of organic nanomaterials; and mostly conjugated polymers have been applied in the optical devices. The potential of polymer/fullerene nanocomposites in optical device applications presents several advantages and challenges.
Grafting polymer ligands on metal nanoparticles not only offers new solutions to resolve the colloidal stability of metal nanoparticles, but also provides new opportunities to control over the interparticle interaction and therefore the self-assembly nanostructure of metal nanoparticles. We summarize the recent advances in synthesis, surface chemistry and self-assembly of metal nanoparticles grafted by synthetic polymer with an emphasis on polymer-grafted plasmonic nanoparticles.
Colloidal crystal templating is a versatile method for synthesizing highly periodic, nanostructured porous materials with many possible compositions. The resulting three-dimensionally ordered macroporous (3DOM) or mesoporous (3DOm) materials or “inverse opals” have structural features that benefit a range of applications, such as photonic crystals, structural pigments, sensors, electrode materials, catalysts, sorbents, and bioactive glasses. The periodically arranged pores in 3DOM materials are highly interconnected and easily penetrated with other fluids, offering excellent access to the internal surface of the material. In addition, this architecture combines nanosize effects within a bulk material. This article describes the synthesis, properties, and applications of 3DOM materials.
In this article, current progress on semiconducting polymer nanoparticles (SPNs) applied for both real-time imaging and phototherapy in living animals is mainly discussed. Firstly, several preparation methods for SPNs are summarized. Next, in vivo bioimaging of SPNs for fluorescence, chemiluminescence, afterglow, and photoacoustic imaging are introduced in detail. After that, cancer phototherapy including photodynamic therapy (PDT) and photothermal therapy (PTT) induced by SPNs is further discussed. In the end, a summary as well as outlook are presented, and existing challenges of SPNs are given.
Polymers are ubiquitous, but are insulators and have low thermal conductivity, a limitation addressed by inclusion of 0D/1D/2D materials having high thermal conductivity to the polymer. To date, enhancement of the thermal conductivity of polymers using this approach has been limited and values mostly below that of metals reported. This is a consequence of the challenges around effective dispersion of the inclusions in polymers, phonon scattering and high interfacial thermal resistance. In this article, we describe thermal transport phenomena in polymers and provide an update on recent advances in increasing the thermal conductivity of polymers by inclusion of 0D/1D/2D materials.
This chapter summarizes the various biodegradable polymers/composites investigated for use in solar cells. The synthesis/processing of composites and matrix fabrication will be thoroughly discussed. Given their use as components in solar cells, the various properties of biodegradable polymer composites (BPC) such as optical, structural, mechanical, electrical, ionic conductivity, hydrophobicity, and degradability will be discussed. Growing and doping hole/electron conveying substances, as well as attempts to incorporate quantum dots within the layers, have all been investigated as ways to improve the performance of solar cells. It will be discussed how to improve photoconversion efficiency (PCE), fill factor, and current density. A comparison of results obtained using various BPC as substrates for perovskite and organic solar cells (OSC) is investigated. BPC is an important component of dye-sensitized solar cells as a quasi-solid or gel electrolyte (DSSC). This section summarizes the use of various biopolymers in this direction. Another area of interest in solar cells is organic/perovskite solar cell encapsulation and passivation. This is discussed in terms of PCE and mechanical stability improvements. The scope of improvement in the areas of BPC and potential future directions for motivating the scientific community towards a green environment are predicted.
Environmental awareness motivates researchers to work on reducing or eliminating the use of polymer plastics. Polymers derived from alternative sustainable sources such as biomass or biodegradable are the most promising method of removing harmful plastics from the environment. Nanocomposite technology is the best solution for developing new materials with tailorable properties at the nanoscale. Biodegradable polymer nanocomposites are an excellent example of nanocomposite technology that is gaining traction in the biomedical, food packaging, and automotive industries. The current chapter discusses the various types of biodegradable polymer nanocomposite and how they are made. It also shows the biodegradable polymer nanocomposite’s dielectric, thermal, and electrical properties.
Excessive scar tissue formation along with bacterial infection, hemorrhage, and oxidative wound microenvironment pose adverse physiological and psychological effects on patients, which necessitate the advent of innovative anti-inflammatory, anti-bacterial, and anti-oxidative multifunctional wound dressings. The overarching objective of this study was to exploit bioactive glass (BG) and a natural anti-bacterial component namely “oregano essential oil (OEO)” to impart multifunctionality to poly(L-lactide-co-glycolide)/Gelatin (PLGA/Gel)-based nanofibrous dressings for excisional wound management. We performed a series of structural, morphological, and release studies as well as delineated angiogenic, hemostatic, anti-bacterial, and anti-oxidative properties of these bioactive dressings in vitro, which altogether revealed the beneficial effects of BG and OEO in terms of rapid hemostasis, improved chemotactic response, diminished bacterial colonization, and anti-inflammatory response. Impressively, in multiple injury models, including a rat tail-amputation model, an ear artery injury model, and a liver trauma model in rabbit in vivo, we reported BG-mediated rapid hemostasis. Moreover, dressings containing BG showed improved hemocompatibility and suppressed coagulation as revealed by activated partial thromboplastin assay (APTT) in vitro. In addition, the transplantation of these nanofibrous dressings in a full-thickness excisional wound model in rats showed significant tissue regeneration as evidenced by the more number of blood vessels, glands, and hair follicles, re-epithelialization, diminished inflammatory response, and less fibrotic tissue formation. Taken together our approach of simultaneously harnessing economical BG and OEO to enable multifunctionality to nanofibrous dressings for tissue repair may hold great promise for wound healing as well as other bio-related disciplines.
The depleting fuel resources and elevated air pollution are raising serious concerns among the global population. The fuel prices are also increasing day by day. Hence the world is more focused on maximizing conventional energy resources like solar, tidal, wind energies, etc. However, for the fullest utilization of conventional energy sources, we need efficient energy storage systems, and currently, we are using batteries as the primary energy storage elements. Nowadays, researchers are giving utmost importance to the development of supercapacitors. Graphene coming under carbon groups and polyaniline (PANI), coming under electronic conducting polymers (ECP), are two different materials mainly used for supercapacitor electrode fabrication. The normal route for synthesizing graphene-PANI composites is a time-consuming process. Here we present a simple route for synthesizing graphene-PANI composites. The same method can be adopted for fabricating modified graphene-PANI composites too. The FTIR, Raman spectroscopy, XRD, SEM, and TEM results showed that the formation of graphene-PANI composites in the current route is the same as that of the normal method. Moreover, the cyclic voltammetry (CV) and charge–discharge (CD) tests revealed excellent electrochemical performance and cyclability. The CV study reported that the specific capacitances of the supercapacitor are 235, 179, 120, 85, and 55 F/g at scan rates of 10, 20, 50, 100, and 200 mV/s.The capacitance retention ratio was more than 90% and the ESR was found to be 10.5 O.
The innovative world is perceiving the development of very exciting and tough civil Engineering Structures. To meet up the needs of enhance infrastructure, new innovative materials and technologies are created and used to defeat the earlier drawbacks. Efforts are taken in the field of concrete technology to formulate together and increase concrete with composites. Now days in the modern construction world the fibre reinforced compounds are extensively used for strengthening, rehabilitation and repair of RC structures. Most of the researches are carried out using different types of polymers with different thickness. The stress and strain features of fibre reinforced polymer Composites shows a negative influence on the total ductility of the strengthened beams. By the use of hybrid fibre reinforced polymer systems changes the performance of the material which comprises the combinations of fibres like carbon fibre and glass fibre, glass fibre and aramid fibre, carbon fibre and basalt fibres. This paper reviews the 10 research papers in external strengthening of reinforced concrete beams with hybrid FPR laminates.
Furan derivatives, which are made from hemicellulose and cellulose as second-generation biomass, are gaining popularity as a promising bio-based chemical. Although furfural has been used as a resource in the chemical industry, its current applications are limited to an extraction solvent for lubricant and a thermosetting resin for a metal molding binder. Since the late 20th century, the conversion of furan derivatives, which are abundant and inedible bio-based resources, to value-added chemicals, such as biofuels, monomers of general-purpose polymers, and novel polymers, has progressed at an exponential rate. Poly(ethylene furanoate) (PEF) is gaining attention as a novel polymer that could replace poly(ethylene terephthalate). In addition, many furan-containing polymers were created from furan derivatives. A bifuran structure, in particular, has received attention as a novel building block for the construction of a bio-based functional polymer, because its physical properties outperform those of mono-furan-containing polymers such as PEF.
In this chapter, a short introduction is given on the importance of thermomechanical modeling of shape memory polymers and smart hydrogels. Then, some applications of these materials are briefly reported to better understand the need for development and numerical implementation of constitutive models. At the end of this chapter, the main content of the following chapters is discussed to express the links between chapters.
Heavy metal ions in water are a serious pollution/contamination problem. Adsorption techniques are considered to be cheap, safe, and efficient methods for treatment of contaminated water. The traditional adsorbents, which include clay, zeolite, silica, plant wastes, crop wastes, active carbon, polymers, and filter fiber, are dispersed into polluted wastewater for heavy metal ion adsorption. Unfortunately, it is difficult to recover these adsorbents after the adsorption process. Magnetic field-assisted separation technologies are widely applied to solve this problem, wherein magnetic-based materials are used as low-cost and highly efficient adsorbents for heavy metal ions; they are referred to as recoverable and recyclable adsorbents, because they can be easily recovered after adsorption for regeneration and reuse. Recently, many reports have focused on improving the adsorption capacity, recycling numbers, and adsorption efficiency of magnetic-based adsorbents. This chapter focuses on systemization of magnetite-based adsorbents, including their composition, synthesis processes, applications in heavy metal ion adsorption, and recycling and regenerating processes. Some of the advantages of magnetic-based materials for heavy metal ion removal are also introduced and summarized.
Globally, concerns regarding the COVID-19 pandemic its prevention have become important. Because of COVID-19 and other microbial diseases, enhance research work has emerged revealing new antimicrobial and antiviral materials and techniques. Tremendous growth in nanotechnology has opened up the door to fabricating numerous nanomaterials. These nanomaterials are employed as antimicrobial and antiviral agents for various applications with 99.99% effectiveness compared with conventional techniques. Nanoparticles possess unique physicochemical characteristics for multiple applications. This chapter details the use of nanoparticles for antifungal, antimicrobial, and antiviral applications. It describes various kinds of nanoparticles, such as nanometals, metal oxides, polymeric nanomaterials, and carbon-based nanomaterials.
After the application of organo-tin antifouling coatings was prohibited in 2003 by the International Maritime Organization, research focused on nontoxic silicone fouling release (FR) nanocoatings as eco-friendly alternatives. They have great fouling antiadhesion and self-cleaning mechanisms. Novel and exciting designs for polymer–graphene nanocomposites provide efficient and eco-friendly FR surfaces. These nanosurfaces are hydrophobic materials with reduced surface free energy and a rough topology. Various graphene–inorganic nanofiller hybrids are dispersed in polymeric resins to resist fouling organisms. This chapter discusses the synthesis methods of graphene materials, interactions with polymers, and applications of the derived nanocomposites. The chapter introduces models for nontoxic maritime FR nanocomposite surfaces with long-term durability and combines the synergetic effects of dispersing different controlled graphene materials. The developed nanocoatings have many advantages, including simplicity, safety, being environmentally benign, economic feasibility, sustainability, and potential applications. The chapter concludes with a discussion of the field's current and future advancements. This chapter is planned to serve as a modern research portal for the creation of a future sustainable, long-lasting FR coating.
The main techniques for selectively delivering anticancer drugs into cancer cells are discussed. The use of prodrugs for this purpose is exemplified by selective prodrug bioactivation strategies, hypoxia-based strategies for tumor-specific activation, ProTides, prodrug activation by therapeutic radiation, as well as the virus-directed enzyme prodrug therapy (VDEPT) and antibody-directed enzyme prodrug therapy (ADEPT) strategies. Macromolecular small-drug carrier systems are studied, starting by the chemistry and applications of polyethyleneglycol (PEG) conjugation. The discussion is extended to N-(2-hydroxypropyl)methacrylamide (HPMA) conjugates, poly-(l-glutamic) conjugates, conjugates with semisynthetic hydrophilic polyals and other polymers. The chemistry of antibody-drug conjugation and its application in anticancer drug delivery are discussed. Finally, the use of nanoparticles or drug delivery, including liposomes, relevant formulations of copolymer micelles, gold nanoparticles, dendrimers, and products of nanoparticle albumin-bound technology, is also discussed.
Bio-based fillers (e.g., poplar, switchgrass) have been used to reinforce polymers because of their low cost and sustainable nature. Bio-based polymers are typically produced from natural or renewable resources such as crops and herbaceous fibers. Biocomposites are commonly used in packaging, automotive, and construction applications. The filler types, filler characteristics, polymer types, and polymer characteristics are discussed and compared in this chapter. The biocomposite fabrication, performance (e.g., mechanical and thermal properties), and applications were investigated. At their end of life, biocomposites can be recycled and upcycled through various technologies, including mechanical, thermal, and chemical methods. Compared with carbon fiber–based composites, biocomposites are a cost-effective and sustainable alternative in many applications with low to moderate strength requirements.
The use of nanotheranostics as a developing diagnostic and therapeutic technique for many diseases, particularly cancers, has achieved much interest in the past decade. Several methodologies have been used to till date in developing smart nanotheranostics, which combine the bioactive targeting of specific tissues with the needed diagnostic properties. Nanotheranostics can simultaneously provide therapeutic chemicals while monitoring the therapeutic response in real time. Polymeric nanocarriers are becoming more and more useful in clinical settings. A polymeric nanocarrier is expected to provide both diagnostic and therapeutic roles, shortly. With the rising number of conjugates entering into clinical development, such as PEGylated-aptamers and polymer-based siRNA delivery systems, new polymer therapeutic approaches continue to emerge. Emerging issues relating to polymer safety, the increasing use of biodegradable polymers, the design of technologies for combination therapy, potential biomarkers for patient individualization of treatment, and regulatory challenges for follow-on/generic polymer therapeutics are just a few of the hot topics of the recent years. Living beings are complex systems that present numerous problems to any nanocarrier system, including biocompatibility, biodistribution, side effects, and biological barriers. This chapter can benefit the medical and pharmaceutical communities as well as material scientists working in the field of nanotheranostics because they can utilize the findings as guidance to develop newer and more efficient nanotheranostics.
Polymer nanocomposites containing nanosized reinforcements produce versatility and multifunctionality that lead to diverse and expanded applications compared to conventional composites. One defining feature of nanocomposites is that the nanoscale size and huge specific surface area create enormous interfaces which dictate the critical overall performance of composite materials. From mechanical points of view, critical issues for the realization of full potential of nanofillers are how to monitor the load transfer process and evaluate load-bearing capability of fillers in composites, what factors govern the interfacial deformation and failure modes at different hierarchy levels, and what the impact of the van der Waals interface will be on the overall mechanics of nanocomposites. Here, we take carbon nanomaterials (e.g., carbon nanotubes, graphene and its chemical derivates) as examples, and summarize the recent progress in theoretical modeling, numerical simulations, and experimental characterizations of buried interfaces within carbon nanomaterial-based polymer composites featuring hierarchical structures. State-of-the-art experimental methods and techniques for quantifying key interface mechanical parameters are outlined. In addition, the impact of interfaces/interphases on the mechanical properties of nanofillers, polymer matrix as well as nanocomposites are respectively discussed in detail. A deep understanding of the factors governing the interface mechanics is further provided, affording an opportunity for the interface engineering through the physical and chemical strategies.
During the 20th century, mankind faced several paradigm changes. One of the most pervasive changes that occurred in human society was represented by the discovery and widespread application of polymers. Among all of them, polyesters represent a wide family with very different properties from each other, containing a repetitive carboxylic unit bonded to an alcoholic moiety. Generally, polyesters are formed by the condensation of dicarboxylic acids and di-alcohols but also acid anhydride or acyl chloride as well as hydroxyacids may be employed. The type of monomer used determines the properties of the synthesized polymer for a specific application. Depending on the application, polyesters are divided into saturated and unsaturated. Anyhow, the definition of polyester is only a word container for describing a very complex set of materials with different properties and productive routes. The fascinating history of polyesters is tightly connected with the recent history of modern chemistry and material science. In the following section, we report a brief overview of the main discovery in polyester history together with an overview of the polymers that moved from the laboratory to the market.
Unsaturated polyester is the most common type of thermosetting polymer resin that is used in the composite industry from a long ago. It has a great application in various fields due to its inexpensiveness and easy availability. But such thermosetting polymer is nonbiodegradable, and it has less impact properties with average thermal characteristics. So, the utilization of this polymer reduces in many fields. Current report deals with the collection of various types of special additives or fillers that can be used in unsaturated polyester with possibility of coreaction to enhance its overall properties. Also these fillers or special additives in this unsaturated polyester can tailor the inherent properties and impose new characteristics for the formation of high-performance material with better applicability in various fields.
Acrylic acid (CAS 79-10-7) is an organic molecule and the simplest of unsaturated acids. At room temperature, acrylic acid is a liquid and has a characteristic acid and tart aroma. It is corrosive in liquid and vapor forms. Acrylic acid is used mainly in the formation of polymers. Its uses include plastics, coatings, adhesives, elastomers, paints, and polishes. Additionally, acrylic acid is used in the production of hygienic medical products, detergents, and wastewater treatment chemicals. Studies have suggested that acrylic acid poses some reproductive hazards; however, conflicting data exist regarding the genotoxicity of acrylic acid.
Conducting polymers show good intrinsic conductivity, at least in the charged state. The specific capacitance values, potential ranges, long-term stabilities and cycle lifetimes of supercapacitors based on polymers are rather moderate, compared to the lives of those based on carbon and metal oxide materials. This overview article outlines: (1) the pseudocapacitance of polymer films, examples of conducting polymers for supercapacitors, (2) practical embodiments of polymer supercapacitors, (3) polymer and solid-state electrolytes for supercapacitors.
Dry mouth is a troublesome condition linked to lubrication failure and leads to other diseases such as fungal infections and wounds in the oral cavity. There are many commercial salivary substitutes in the market, but none with a long-lasting lubrication effect. Polymer-coated liposomes can be an interesting formulation strategy for retrieving the symptoms of dry mouth by mimicking the micelles of saliva. In the present study, polymer coated-liposomes were prepared by the conventional thin film method and subsequently coated with three different polymers with different charge densities; alginate, chitosan and hydrophobically modified ethyl hydroxyethyl cellulose (HM-EHEC). The prepared polymer-coated liposomes were studied concerning their lubricating properties using a ball-on-disc tribometer at 2 N load at 37 °C, and their flow behaviours were also measured. Solutions of the pure polymers and dispersions of the uncoated liposomes were also studied to investigate any contributions from the individual components. A commercial dry mouth product based on HEC (hydroxyethyl cellulose) and glycerol was also included. The formulations were measured as soon as possible after preparation and some of them after >4 weeks. Results demonstrated that all the positively-charged formulations (chitosan, positive liposomes and chitosan-coated liposomes) had superior lubricating properties with friction coefficients (μ < 0.1) at orally relevant speeds (50 mm/s) as compared to the neutral or negatively-charged systems. At boundary lubrication conditions (3 mm/s), the chitosan-coated liposomes obtained an even lower friction force than the individual components, thus indicating a synergistic effect between the polymer and the liposome.
During the last 5 years, the efficiency of organic solar cells has rapidly increased and currently is near the 20% milestone. The key to such high efficiencies mainly lies in developing novel donor and acceptor materials. This article presents the basics of organic solar cells, addressing the electronic structure of organic semiconductor materials, and the working principles of organic solar cells, from the generation to the extraction of free charge. Further, several strategies to improve the performance and stability of OSCs e.g., device structures, design of novel organic semiconductors materials, and interface engineering are discussed.
Large panels made of composite materials are utilised often in the aerospace sector. In most cases, this type of panel will fracture when subjected to a wide variety of stresses and boundary conditions. The panel receives additional rigidity through the addition of a flange, which is also supported by a web. In this study, a three-dimensional finite element stress analysis is performed on a firm panel that consists of a web, a flange, and a panel with an interface between the flange and the panel. The analysis is performed in preparation for an arrangement of composite panels of this sort. The influence that anisotropy, layer stacking sequence, and ply orientation have on the stress components is taken into consideration. For the purpose of this investigation, a graphite-fiber reinforced polymeric (GFRP) composite is used. Laminate arrangements of [450/–450/450/–450]2 and [450/–4502/450]2 angle-plied prepregs have been taken. This work makes use of the coupled stress failure criterion in order to forecast the site where damage initiation would take place. The critical point is observed to be around the layer’s front-left border, with a maximum stress concentration of about 125 MPa. Stress values fall as they move from left to right. Negative stress component values have also been observed in a few cases.
The compound material prepared by dispersing polymer into liquid crystal is of importance due to the improvement in its electro-optical properties. Polymer dispersed liquid crystal (PDLC) is a functional material, of less than micron size liquid crystal, chemically dispersed in a polymer matrix. We report the influences of different concentrations of polymer, on the optical and dielectric behaviour of cholesteric liquid crystals. The fabry perot scattering studies in addition to polarizing optical microscopy were used to study the optical properties. Several novel phases in addition with the known phases were found for the compound materials. The dispersion also results in the large value of dielectric anisotropy which indicates possibility of this material to be used in forming a photo cured network. Our investigation shows a non-zero value of distribution parameter and also increase in dielectric constant, which is useful for display applications.
Human Umbilical Cord Blood Serum (HUCBS) is a complex and evolving collection of proteins that promote fetal development. In the realm of regenerative medicine, the important proteins found in HUCBS are of great interest. The smart biomaterial generated from HUCBS is described in this paper. To characterize this novel biomaterial, human umbilical cord blood was obtained in sterile vacutainers from mothers and left to clot for 24 h at 37 °C. The supernatant serum was collected, centrifuged and lyophilized. The lyophilized HUCBS was homogenized with smart polymer. This sample was subjected to physico-chemical characterization using Attenuated Total Reflectance-Fourier-Transform Infrared (ATR-FTIR) Spectroscopy and Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR). The quantification of protein-polymer conjugate using ATR-FTIR revealed peaks ranging between 3264 and 531 cm−1 and that of NMR showed wide resonances in the region 0–5 ppm. ATR-FTIR and NMR investigations were used to determine the structural stability of protein molecules in protein-polymer complex which helps in understanding the possible clinical effectiveness of the smart biomaterial in drug delivery.
In this chapter, we would like to discuss polymer coating's know-how, which is a method of modifying surface qualities in order to satisfy operating requirements in a number of technological applications. In addition to adhesion and barrier capabilities, polymer coatings have also been used to improve scratch and abrasion resistance, solvent resistance, wettability, noncytotoxicity, and other features. For the manufacture of protective organic coatings a number of different techniques have been devised and used. A careful selection of polymer, coating process, and manufacturing conditions can result in high-performance coatings with improved attributes when applied correctly. Polymer coatings have recently been shown to be effective and widely used in a variety of applications, including solar cells, batteries, separation techniques, diodes, corrosion defense, packaging, and heathcare applications.
Surface coating can be a widely explored area with beneficiaries ranging from huge industrial machinery to tiny biomedical devices. The advance in nanoscience and nanotechnology has contributed to advancements in surface coating. Researchers across the globe are working on developing improved coating materials and strategies for futuristic coating applications. Nanomaterials and nanocomposites are found to be promising candidates for the same. Polymer nanocomposites combine the properties of polymers with the properties of nanomaterials, paving the way for the development of “smart” coatings. PVDF attracted great industrial interest among various fluoropolymers due to its excellent mechanical, physical, and piezoelectric properties. Introducing graphene into the polymer makes the diffusion path torturous, providing better barrier protection. In addition, graphene incorporation results in additional functionalities to the composite coating, such as barrier enhancement, hydrophilicity, biocidal activity, anticorrosion, etc.
Superior performance of the polymer coating would expand their application in various industries. Integrating various nanoscale structures into the organic polymer matrix substantially improves the performance of polymer coatings, and hence be promising for various high-end applications. Among all of the properties of coatings, the mechanical properties are of great importance as they determine their service life. All service conditions and majority of end use of the polymer coatings involve severe mechanical loading. A thorough understanding of mechanical properties of the organic coatings was presented through this chapter. The chapter contents have been classified into adhesion test, scratch tests, durability, and tribology of the nanoscale polymer coatings with suitable examples in the published literature
Transport and diffusion of solutes in polymer coatings is an essential issue as these coatings are often applied to prevent the coated material from contact with the solute. Therefore these processes determine often the lifetime of these products. This chapter reviews the experimental procedure as well as the theoretical background to model diffusion in polymer solutions and thin films and discusses modern experimental and modeling approaches. Furthermore, the experimental analysis and the theoretical models for the transport through porous materials are reviewed. All of these properties are essential to estimate the diffusion and transport of any solute through nanoscale coatings. Several application examples of diffusion and transport through thin films are presented; this spans from electronics and sensors, surface engineering of battery electrodes, CO2 separation with membranes, medical engineering to pharmaceutics.
Surgicalimplants, usually made from metals, plastics, ceramics, or other materials, often elicit inflammatory reactions. This unwanted infection is a major challenge in the biomedical sector. Due to the versatility offered, coatings employing polymers are preferred to add desired functionalities onto the implant surfaces. Polymer coatings can modify biological properties like biocompatibility, drug release, antibacterial activities, and so on. This chapter details the recent progress in polymer coatings, nanoparticle-incorporated coatings, coating strategies, and their biological performance.
Self-healing materials have created a special interest among researchers for their unique properties and versatile applications. Among different self-healing materials, nanostructured polymer composites are quite potential smart materials for different coating applications including surface coatings for biomedical applications. The present review reveals preparation, properties, and applications of self-healing nanoscale polymer-based coatings. Chemistry behind the self-heal nature of nanoscale polymer-based coating materials is briefly explained with different approaches for self-healing. The healing mechanism by the microcapsule and microvascular approach is discussed elaborately and schematically in the present chapter. Anticorrosion coating applications of self-healing polymer-based materials are established. The chapter also includes applications in electronic and electrochemical devices involving self-healing polymer-based coatings. Further, the properties and applications of shape memory materials are incorporated.
In recent years, there have been significant developments in polymer matrix composites with particulate reinforcements. These composites have shown great potential in a range of industries, including aerospace, automotive, and construction. The addition of particulate reinforcements can improve the mechanical properties of the composite material, such as strength, stiffness, and toughness, while maintaining a low weight. This review paper investigate the recent developments in polymer matrix composites with particulate reinforcements and shown a great promise in improving the performance and versatility of composite materials, and further research and development in this area are expected to continue. Despite the many advantages of polymer matrix composites with particulate reinforcements, there are still challenges to be addressed, such as achieving a uniform dispersion of the particulate reinforcements, controlling the interfacial bonding between the particles and the polymer matrix, and optimizing the manufacturing process to reduce cost and increase scalability.
The likelihood of steady burning in microgravity is examined with Burning Rate Emulation (BRE) using a gas burner with a flat 25 mm diameter porous surface with two embedded heat flux sensors. The data are greatly expanded from a previous work. The fuel mixture used in this analysis are ethylene and ethylene diluted with nitrogen resulting in a range of heats of combustion from 12 to 47.2 kJ/g. An analytical solution of these flames was utilized to compute their steadiness, temperatures at flame sheet, and sizes. 103 flames were ignited in an ambient with nominal oxygen mole fractions of 0.21, 0.265, 0.34 and 0.40. 49 of those flames burned for the entire duration of the test before the fuel supply was terminated, while the remainder self-extinguished. The flames attained at least 90% of their asymptotic heights for all 49 fuel terminated flames. An estimated critical steady flame temperature ranging from 1100 to 1200 K was observed segregating the sustained and self-extinguished flames. Flame temperatures for the 49 terminated flames were above the critical temperature range indicating sustained steady burning, whereas below they self-extinguished. The measured flame sizes, and radiative fractions are reported at the endpoint of the terminated tests. An empirical correlation of the radiative fraction based on radiation theory with Ω, a dimensionless parameter, was used in prediction for real fuels at steady burning in microgravity. A flammability diagram, as a plot of the emulated fuel heat of gasification with its burning mass flux, for the range of steady data, is presented comparing how real fuels might burn steadily in normal and microgravity conditions. The results suggest that fuel mass burning rates would be about 3 to 4-times higher in 1-g. The heats of gasification and combustion of some real fuels are presented and compared against the burner flames.
Bioconjugation is a budding and fast developing field of modern-day research that brings together many branches of science including biology, chemistry and material science. Bioconjugation is the process of linking of a biomolecule with other molecules to create new molecules commonly referred to as bioconjugates. Bioconjugates find widespread applications in the field of biotechnology, medicine, catalysis, ligand discovery, disease diagnosis, drug discovery, environmental remediation and the food processing industry. The characteristics of the bioconjugates are highly dependent on the synthetic route employed for their generation. In view of their ever-increasing applications in biomedical science and technology aiming to improve the quality of life, economically and sustainably viable size and shape specific methods for the synthesis of bioconjugates are the most sought after. In this chapter, the methods available for the synthesis of different bioconjugate materials are discussed with an emphasis on environmentally benign methods.
Halide-based ceramics have been considered promising new solid electrolyte (SE) materials for all-solid-state batteries (ASSBs) due to their high chemical and electrochemical stabilities, high Li+ conductivity, and good mechanical properties. In this chapter, recent progress in halide and oxyhalide preparation are summarized. Furthermore, the interface evolution of halide solid electrolytes contacting cathode electrodes and lithium metal anodes is presented.
Natural gas, gasoline, and petroleum products are delivered nowadays via pipelines that are safe over long distances. Monitoring of pipes at regular intervals can help avoid these disasters before they happen. Oxidation and distortion within pipes can sometimes be caused by external variables such as moisture or ground pressure. Risks such as fractures that might emerge in the pipe’s wall should be regularly monitored to avoid possible financial losses, chemical spills, and deadly accidents. Furthermore, identification of safety of pipelines before breakdown is critical. Continuously monitoring pipelines for possible sources of failure is one technique to reduce the amount of damage caused by pipeline breakdown. Damage detection systems, which are often used to track structures for a long time, are already being widely used to assess pipelines. As a result, subterranean pipelines are monitored using pipeline inspection equipment which may move within the system. The types of these devices, the technology employed, and the findings gained are detailed in-depth in the following sections.
Oil and gas industry uses pressure pipes extensively, some of them in potentially hazardous circumstances when exposed to quasi-static and impact-loading scenarios. Most steel pipes are normally repaired according to conventional wisdom by either removing the damaged portion and replacing it with new pipe or by reinforcing the damaged area with an external steel sleeve. Unfortunately, these conventional repair methods are both labor- and money-intensive. Thus it is imperative to advance a new method for accelerating the repair of pipeline damages. Recently, the use of polymer composite overwrap system as an alternative for repair of pipeline damages has been receiving increasing attention and have achieved great improvements in time, cost, and performance efficiency. In this chapter, we first outline the reinforced composite system manufacturing approaches in pipeline repair and then highlight ASME standard for pipeline repairs via the polymer composite overwrap system. Then, the current research status is reviewed with regard to application steps of finite element analysis and the appraisal of fiber reinforcement, resin, and infill material deployed in the design of polymer composite overwrap systems was done using illustrative examples with glass/epoxy, glass/vinyl ester, carbon/epoxy, carbon/vinyl ester, aramid/epoxy, aramid/vinyl ester, glass/polyester, glass/phenolic, carbon/polyester, carbon/phenolic, aramid/polyester, and aramid/phenolic composites. Furthermore, quasi-static indentation testing, ballistic impact penetration, and perforation were reviewed. Finally, we discussed various limitations of the polymer composite overwrap system, identified gaps in literature, and forecasted potential directions of future research.
Polymer electrolyte fuel cells (PEFCs) are a key device for the hydrogen economy. In PEFCs, the oxygen reduction reaction (ORR) occurs at the cathode, and its electrocatalytic activity is known to govern the PEFC performance. In practical PEFCs, electrocatalysts based on platinum group metals (PGMs) are used for the ORR. Since PGMs are expensive, non-PGM electrocatalysts showing high ORR activity and product selectivity with almost no by-product of H2O2 in acidic media should be developed for the widespread applications of PEFCs. In this article, recent research progresses in non-PGM-based electrocatalysts for the ORR inspired by the active sites of metalloenzymes are discussed.
Drug delivery materials are complex in nature and need a wide variety of requirements from smart to classical design protocols. In this regard, the selection of materials is important. Based on the literature, considerable potential of natural polymers such as polysaccharides and their derivatives for drug delivery applications has been identified quite high. Therefore, finding novel routes of enhancing their performance has become an impotent branch of science in biomaterials and medicine. Due to the inevitable necessity, a wide variety of pristine polysaccharides have been examined; besides, a wide variety of chemical modification techniques have been developed. As a well-documented strategy, carboxymethylation (defined as introduction of a carboxymethyl group into a compound) has received great attention from researchers, which led to promising outcomes. Carboxymethylated polysaccharides with improved solubility and physicochemical properties have been continually synthesized and underwent innovative developing periods and many scientists recommended such derivatives of polysaccharides for drug delivery systems. These polysaccharides bearing cationic charges were found to be able to physically become cross-linked via electrostatic and ionic interaction with the polycationic species, small molecules, and metal ions to induce integrity. In this chapter, we have fully considered the principles and applications of drug delivery platforms based on carboxymethylated polysaccharides. We have outlined the results obtained by the most recent research outputs and tried to give a vivid direction to those seeking design of carboxymethyl polysaccharides by classifying researches carried out. As the main outcome of the present review, we attempted to highlight drug carriers obtained from ionically cross-linked carboxymethylated polysaccharides as promising candidates for delivery of various drugs such as chemotherapeutics, antiinflammatory drugs, and protein-based therapeutic agents.
This article describes biomimetic sensors, a class of chemical sensing and biosensing devices that adapt synthetic components that mimick the function of biomacromolecules such as antibodies and biological receptors. The biomimetic sensors offer unique advantages as they often exhibit higher stability and/or they can be manufactured with lower costs in comparison to their biological counterparts. This article aims to introduce the previously reported works on biomimetic sensors with a particular focus on the transducers being used for signal readout, types of biomimetic components being used, and how each biomimetic components are prepared and coupled with the transducers.
The application of computational simulations to improve chemical designs for enhanced oil recovery (EOR) processes is not as trivial as it may sound. The ability of computational modeling to theoretically calculate molecular properties at the atomic level is unique for the chemical selection, but the prediction of chemicals’ behaviors and their performances under conditions typically encountered during EOR applications is more difficult. Surfactants, polymers, and other specialty chemicals are used in EOR with the purpose to alter fluid properties beneath the subsurface so that more hydrocarbons can be extracted. Interactions of these chemical additives with oil, brine, and rock surface will have significant impacts on their performance. For instance, the oil–water interfacial tension reduction by surfactant depends on the oil composition and brine chemistry; the rheological properties of the polymer solution are affected by temperature, pressure, and brine salinity of the formation. Consequently, to provide more meaningful theoretical prediction, the molecular modeling should be integrated with laboratory experiments and application data. Fundamental bases of molecular modeling and their applications to EOR chemicals calculations will be discussed in this section.
Functional foods are increasingly preferred by consumers because in addition to nutritional intake, they provide remarkable health benefits. One of the strategies for food functionalization is the incorporation of bioactive compounds encapsulated in different colloidal delivery systems (CDSs) in food matrices. This chapter provides an overview of the principles and factors involved in the design of CDSs for food ingredients and nutraceuticals in order to increase the quality and health benefits of food. The correlation between the nutritional and sensory attributes of functional foods and the physicochemical and biological characteristics of bioactive compounds and encapsulating materials is based on the principles of the design concepts; Quality by Design (QbD) and Reverse Engineering Design (RED). The physicochemical characteristics of micro/nanoparticles and their influence on the functionality of biocomponents incorporated into food matrices and their impact on digestion, absorption and metabolism are also discussed. In addition, the main CDSs are described, such as lipid-based CDSs and polymeric CDSs used in food fortification.
In 2007, infrared spectroscopic ellipsometry (IRSE) was introduced as a highly sensitive technique for in situ investigations of chemical and structural changes in thin polymer films. In this initial publication, the response of a mixed polyelectrolyte brush film in liquid environments was studied upon external pH stimuli. In the following decade, a variety of solid–liquid interfaces such as various types of thin polymer and oligomer thin films including possible electrochemical preparations were investigated. Typically, these studies were motivated by respective applications of the films in optoelectronic devices, sensors or biofunctional interfaces. In 2017, in situ IRSE was brought to a new level by showing the capability for sensitive and quantitative intra- and intermolecular interaction studies of thin thermoresponsive polymer films. Recently, new applications became available by the involvement of laser sources as well as by specifically designed microfluidic cells. These two issues are described in other chapters of this Encyclopedia. In the chapter “Hyperspectral and time-resolved IR laser polarimetry”, new possibilities of laser-based IR polarimetry regarding highly time-resolved studies of non-cyclic/irreversible processes and hyperspectral imaging are discussed. Examples are the sub-second spectral monitoring of a solid-to-liquid phase transition of a myristic acid film and hyperspectral ellipsometric imaging of a microfluidic chip. In the chapter “Optofluidic analysis of monolayers with infrared microscopy”, several opportunities for kinetic, chemical and structural in situ analyses of sub-monolayers with IR spectroscopy in a microfluidic μlcell are reviewed. In the present chapter we focus on IRSE as a powerful method for the analysis of thin films (from 5 to 12nm) at the silicon–liquid interface. The methodical possibilities are of high interest in various fields of research and applications, such as bioanalytics, catalysis and material science.
Microplastics (1–5000μm) and nanoplastics (<1μm) (MPs/NPs) are two emerging contaminants that have raised food security concerns due to their presence in foods worldwide. In the present article, an overview of the current knowledge regarding the presence of MPs/NPs in various foods, including seafood, vegetables, drinks, and condiments, is presented. The sources of contamination and shortcomings of the current studies were discussed, and research needs were presented.
For the investigations, scaffolds for bone regeneration (in the form of non-woven mats) were fabricated based on a polymer blend based on polycaprolactone, poly-L-lactic acid and gelatin by electrospinning which were partly modified using vitamin D3 and reinforced with 0 – 12 % nano-hydroxyapatite (nano-HAp extracted from ostrich bones) to improve both biocompatibility and mechanical performance. Electron microscopic approaches were applied to analyse the fiber microstructure due to phase separation and the microdeformation mechanisms after testing, as well as the fiber diameter as a function of the nano-HAp fraction. From uniaxial tensile testing it has been found that incorporation of nano-HAp into the blend triggers the mechanical properties of the scaffolds to a high degree, which results in an increase in tensile strength from 0.7 MPa to 5.6 MPa and an increase in strain at break from 2 % to 37 %. The transition from the very brittle behavior of the neat blend fiber mats to the highly ductile behavior of the blend fiber mats containing 12 % nano-HAp is related to a change in the microdeformation behavior of the nano- or micro-sized fibers. Whereas at lower nano-HAp content, crazing inside the fibers is prominent, thin-layer yielding becomes dominant at higher nano-HAp content.
The successful structural strengthening involves concepts used in system design, understanding of composite behaviour and analysis of composite structures, and most importantly, design details. At present, several design guides worldwide are available. This chapter presents the selection of FRP materials for design, modes of failure, FRP structural analysis for design, basis of FRP design, and finally provides guidance in line with design codes. The chapter highlights typical aspects of FRP design based on the current knowledge of research, analytical work, and applications of FRP systems utilized to strengthen concrete structures.
Since current liquid-based lithium-ion batteries face safety risks, a wide strategy is replacing the flammable liquid electrolyte with a safer solid-state electrolyte. Among the various candidates, like ceramic-, glass-, polymer-, and composites types, the composite polymer electrolytes attracted broad interest due to their unique properties in combining both mechanical strength and ionic conduction. In this chapter, we focus on composite polymer electrolytes and their application in all-solid-state batteries. In the beginning, we have an overview of the fundamentals of composite polymer electrolytes from these aspects: ion conduction mechanisms, ion transport evaluation, electrochemical stability window, mechanical strength, and thermal stability. Then we introduce the compatibility between composite polymer electrolytes and electrodes in the all-solid-state batteries, including high voltage cathode, high capacity cathode, and Li metal anode. Following, we summarize the reported methods for fabricating composite polymer electrolyte membranes. In the end, we introduce the development of all-solid-state batteries with composite polymer electrolytes and propose its specially designed bipolar stacking, large-scale manufacturing, and current challenges faced with the commercialization.
The high-velocity impact of foreign objects such as small stones will produce complex damage in composite laminates, which will severely degrade residual strength. This chapter first describes high-velocity impact tests for CFRP laminates and then observes damage states caused by near-perforation impacts. Extensive delamination and fibre breaks as well as matrix cracks appeared regardless of the stacking sequence. This study also quantitatively evaluates the influence of the stacking sequence and the material system (i.e. the presence or absence of toughened interlayers) on the damage area. Finally, the mechanisms of high-velocity impact damage in CFRP laminates are discussed based on the observations.
Green composites or biocomposites represent the future generation materials that have been derived from natural and renewable resources. They offer several advantages such as eco-friendly, economical, biocompatible, biodegradable and sustainable. There are various biomedical applications of green composites: drug delivery, scaffolds for tissue engineering, craniofacial prosthesis, orthopedic implants, gene delivery, orthodontics and wound dressing. Green composites can regenerate a lost tissue or can provide a scaffold for regeneration of a degenerated tissue or organ. This chapter aims to discuss various usages of polymeric green composites in the bio-medical field and to redirect further research in eco-friendly biocomposites that would strengthen and complement their biodegradability and renewable properties.
Nanocomposites can be formed by blending inorganic nanoclusters, fullerenes, clays, metals, oxides, or semiconductors with numerous organic polymers or organic and organometallic compounds. Nanocomposites have become among the most effective approaches for creating multifunctional materials with significant improvement in their electrical, physical, and chemical properties. The most common techniques for the processing of metal matrix nanocomposites are spray pyrolysis, liquid metal infiltration, rapid solidification, vapor techniques, electrodeposition, and chemical methods, which include colloidal and sol–gel processes. Carbon-based nanocomposites are an important class of functional nanomaterials used for the remediation of environmental issues and the development of energy-related devices. There is high potential for the application of polymer nanocomposites in energy, which includes energy generation and energy storage. Among the types of most applied nanofiller for nanocomposites in energy application are metal oxides, nanoclays, carbon nanotubes, and graphenes. Their unique properties, especially very high electrical conductivity, as well as environmental stability, thermal conductivity, and good mechanical strength, are very desirable for improving the existing energy-related devices, as well as paving the way for the new generation of smart energy devices.
This chapter provides a brief review based on the creep and durability behavior of fiber reinforced polymer (FRP) composite and structures, mainly emphasized in civil engineering applications. The low durability performances of the polymer matrix composites compared to the other engineering materials. While using FRPs as a structural element, they could survive harsh environmental conditions and be subject to sustained/cyclic loading. Therefore, it is one primary concern for engineers, scientists, and designers to develop the FRP composite with long-term service life. There is much research to date reported addressing the long-term service life of FRP materials under various service life conditions. This chapter compiles the various key research outputs on the creep and durability of FRP materials. Various experimental techniques and viscoelastic models for FRP composite materials are briefly considered. The introduction section of this chapter included the history of FRP materials and their various fabrication techniques.
Fullerene is a unique nanocarbon nanomaterial, and fullerene nanowhisker has been identified as a unique form of fullerene, which usually consists of an aligned assembly of fullerene molecules. In other words, the fullerene nanowhisker (tiny nanofiber) has a diameter or length of <100nm, and so is very useful as a polymeric nanoadditive. Polymer and fullerene nanowhisker-derived nanocomposites have been developed using facile processing methods. Mostly, conjugated polymers have been used with fullerene nanowhiskers. The fullerene nanowhisker dispersion in the polymers and interactions with the matrix define the final nanocomposite properties. The polymer/fullerene nanowhisker nanocomposites reveal a range of superior physical features, such as morphology, electron transportation, specific capacitance, photovoltaics, and other physical characteristics. Consequently, polymer/fullerene nanowhisker nanocomposites have found applications in photovoltaics and supercapacitors.
Polymer/fullerene nanocomposites are emerging materials with many applications in the biomedical field. To better understand these new nanocomposites, we begin by overviewing the properties of fullerenes and their derivatives, including their structure and physical and chemical properties, such as aggregation and hydrophobicity. The family of fullerenes has a unique chemistry reflected to their ability to form various compounds that include exohedral and endohedral fullerenes. Their ability to generate reactive oxygen species as well as their electromagnetic properties is especially important in biomedical applications as antimicrobials and biosensors. As a result of their minute size and chemical versatility, polymers/fullerene derivatives nanocomposites may be also used in imaging, antitumor therapy, as antioxidants, or for tissue engineering. The toxicity profile of these materials encompasses a wide range, specific functionalization or fabrication conditions being able to render them from toxic to beneficial or vice versa. As with any emerging materials, more toxicity studies are necessary in order to assess the toxicity of each nanocomposite before its commercialization.
Reactive oxygen species (ROS), acting as essential mediators in the biological system, highly influence the physiologic and pathologic processes of the human body. The aberrant production of ROS, caused by various diseases, may lead to inflammation and cellular damages, as well as homeostasis disruption. In recent years, biomaterials sensitive to biological stimuli have received increasing attention due to their potential for achieving more specific diagnoses and effective treatments. Particularly, ROS-responsive biomaterials could be triggered by ROS in the damaged tissue microenvironment to release their payloads or exert a therapeutically beneficial effect, consequently regulating the elevated ROS level and downregulating the oxidative stress to promote tissue regeneration. In this review, we outline the underlying mechanisms of ROS generation in the tissue microenvironment of various diseases and summarize the cutting-edge advances in developing ROS-responsive biomaterials to expedite inflammation-related diseases, regenerative medicine and tissue engineering applications in various body systems. In particular, we pointed out the challenges and shortcomings that the current ROS-sensitive materials encounter, offer distinctive insights into the field and present solutions or improved strategies.
The current study is orientated toward the development and application of functional materials, which have an outstanding effect on energy, health, communication technology, and other branches of science. This clearly depicts that functional materials have an interesting role in our day-to-day lives. To address these issues, an attempt has been made to address the cutting-edge research advances in the field of functional materials. Thus it is necessary to enhance the basic information of fundamental properties of functional materials as well as have a brief introduction of selected functional materials. This chapter explains both the concepts along a brief introduction of applications at length.
Sensor technology has a significant effect on various aspects of our society, and it has progressed significantly in recent years due to exploration of nanoscience and nanotechnology. Gas sensors are devices used to detect and monitor noxious gases, providing a promising means to screen the environmental parameters of gas, to ensure production safety in everyday life. Current research trends are aimed at emerging miniaturized gas sensor devices with low operating temperature and cost-effective production. A gas sensor that functions at low temperatures is highly desirable, due to the fact that its low power consumption reduces its operating cost by simplifying the device architecture. A great deal of effort has been devoted to augmenting the sensing characteristics by further exploration of electrode fabrication and active sensing materials. Polymeric materials have great potential for the advancement of room-temperature sensing platforms. In contrast with other metal oxide sensors, conducting polymer-based sensors offer unique traits such as high sensitivity and fast response time; these features are especially ensured at room temperature. This chapter distinguishes the various categories of gas sensors and the importance of versatile polymeric structures as sensing materials. Emphasis is given to the importance of the polymeric composites adopted as potential candidates for the fabrication of sensing platforms. In conclusion, future research perspectives and breakthroughs in the domain of room-temperature sensing mechanisms are also reviewed.
Important ionic species (metal ions and anions) play vital roles in environmental and biological systems; until recently, they have been detected by a variety of receptors based on organic dyes, inorganic quantum dots, carbon dots, organic nanoparticles, and many others that have been reported. Despite the progress made in this field, several problems and challenges still exist. Recently, polymer-based receptors have gained more attention from researchers because of their promising potential for biocompatibility, water-suspendability, photostability, fast radiative rate, large absorption coefficient, and excellent fluorescence properties. Hence, polymer nanocomposites (PNCs) cover a broad assortment of applications, including environmental remediation, nanoelectronics, nanocomposite-based drug delivery, bioimaging, etc. More importantly, the facile surface functionalization of PNCs has rendered them extremely suitable for the sensing of different analytes. This chapter provides a brief discussion of synthetic strategies for polymer-based nanocomposites, and then reviews PNC-based chemosensors for ionic species such as metal ions and anions.
Polymer and nanomaterial nanocomposite networks (defined as polymer nanocomposites) have shown superior performance compared to conventional polymer materials. They are actively used as a principal component in smart sensor development owing to their conductivity, mechanical properties, and chemical resistance. Their outstanding electrical and mechanical properties are mainly attributed to nanomaterial incorporation inside the polymer materials. At the nanoscale level, the key to the polymer nanocomposite’s unique features and characteristics is the targeted and balanced combination of nanomaterial and polymer physical and chemical properties. This chapter provides an overview of polymer nanocomposite properties and fabrication methods. In addition, recent advances in the application of these nanocomposite polymers for sensing materials are discussed in detail. Different sensor principles are also introduced and explained.
Polymer composites/nanocomposites are widely used in structural applications in aerospace and automotive industries. Despite their use in these types of applications, both the polymer and their composites are gaining attraction in the field of sensors and actuators due to the recent advancements in functional polymers, fillers, and reinforcement agents. The demand for sensors in new-generation aerospace and automotive industries is increasing due to the wide usage of various types of sensors in vehicle electronics and control systems. The automobile and aerospace industries use multiple sensors to ensure the safety, reliability, comfort, and smooth functioning of both the ground and air vehicles. Therefore the demand for advanced sensors is increasing in day-to-day life. It is challenging for researchers and manufacturers to design sensors with efficient sensing capabilities while retaining mechanical flexibility, scalability, robustness, signal integrity, and performance stability. This chapter focuses on the recent developments of polymer composite/nanocomposite sensors and their emerging application in aerospace, automotive, robotics, and other engineering fields.
Polymer composite-based materials have found a permanent place in sensor applications, because their physicochemical properties can be reshaped over an extended range. Over time, the use of polymer composites in sensor fabrication has increased with demand, but their impacts on the environment are yet to be properly understood. This chapter deals with the application of polymer composites in various sensor devices and their hazardous effects on the environment after disposal on land or in the oceans. In addition, an overview of plausible degradation mechanisms of the polymer waste composites in the environment is also presented. Finally, this chapter concludes with the commercially available routes of recovery from the continuous growth of polymeric waste materials in the environment and the status of present research trends on polymeric waste materials that might be plausible future pathways to reduce the polymeric waste-based pollution in the surrounding environment.
The most important issues in thermo-oxidative degradation of polymers are where oxidation takes place, which structure fragments are most vulnerable, how they should be protected and what are the principal modes of protection. It was noted that the oxidative degradation of the polymer occurs at temperatures much lower than conventional pyrolysis resulting in considerable energy savings. Importantly, during the thermooxidative degradation process, peroxy radicals and then hydroperoxides are formed in a polymer autooxidation scheme. Continuous distribution kinetics can provide more details of the degradation process by accounting for the time evolution of the overall molecular weight distribution.
This chapter focuses on the processes involved in compression and injection molding. It explains the differences between thermoplastic polymer composites and thermosetting polymer composites, which are processed by compression as well as same for which are processed by injection molding. The differences in various factors like mechanical properties, processability, cost of production, etc., for both the molding techniques are stated and elaborated. The experimental values comparing the mechanical properties of the injection and compression molding technique are tabulated to exhibit the differences. The findings demonstrated that the manufacturing techniques utilized to make the composites have a big impact on their mechanical properties. For this, various fiber-reinforced composites consisting of various matrices and different fibers materials are compared. Both natural fibers like sisal and agave as well as artificial fibers like glass and carbon fiber are used to exhibit the difference between injection molding technique and compression molding technique. The mechanical properties that vary in both techniques are distinguished and explained.
Polymers are widely used for various applications in the healthcare industry due to their availability in an extensive range of compositions, forms, and properties. Moreover, they can be easily molded into any shape required with relative ease. However, their applications are limited in weight-bearing applications, for example, in the design of implants in orthopedic surgery, due to their poor mechanical strength. This limitation is eliminated by combining a polymer matrix with a suitable reinforcing phase to form a composite. Composite materials find numerous applications as they offer enhanced mechanical properties coupled with biocompatibility with the surrounding tissues. The present chapter gives an overview of the sources, fabrication techniques, and biomedical applications of polymers and their composites, which are in use or are investigated for potential applications in the medical industry. Advantages of using polymer composites over conventional biomaterials for certain applications are also emphasized. This chapter also explores the issues and challenges impeding the widespread use of polymers and polymeric composites in a clinical setting and the necessary measures to make them more acceptable in the biomedical industry.
Bacterial cellulose (BC), not only in its native form but also in its modified and composite forms, has captured remarkable recognition in recent times as natural polysaccharide based polymer for biomedical applications. Its exceptional biological, structural, morphological, thermal, mechanical, optical and other physicochemical characteristics have increased its demand in biomedical arena such as tissue engineering, medical implants, wound dressings, drug delivery, cardiovascular grafting, etc. It is prominently characterized for purity, porosity, biodegradability, formability, biocompatibility, water-holding capacity, thermal stability, degree of polymerization, antibacterial properties, roughness, crystallinity, tensile strength, etc. Dominant characterization techniques used for BC are Fourier transform infra-red spectroscopy, thermo gravimetric analysis, differential scanning calorimetry analysis, scanning electron microscopy, atomic force microscopy, Raman spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction, X-photoelectron spectroscopy, etc. Hence, an insight into these characteristics and characterization approaches of BC becomes essential in order to appraise its quality and potential biomedical applications. With this background, this chapter aims to present a brief discourse of some prominent characteristics and characterization techniques associated with BC and its different configurations for determining its biomedical applicability.
In polymer science, polymer nanocomposites have been at the cutting edge for the past few decades. By introducing nanofillers into polymer matrix, the superior properties of polymer nanocomposites propose a revolution not only in the plastics industry but also in the food-packaging sector. To complement the extensive literature currently available, we pay attention to two different types of smart food-packaging applications contributed by polymer nanocomposites: (1) active packaging applications and (2) smart packaging applications. For the first part, we mainly focus on the antibacterial and antioxidant ability benefitted by the addition of functional nanofillers. For the second part, applications of responsive polymer nanocomposites in smart food-packaging materials are discussed. Each section provides a brief summary of introduction, description of technological advances, and remarkable examples. By analyzing each examples with practical applications in food-packaging industry, we emphasize the critical fundamental science needed to further expand the feasibility of these materials for food-packaging applications.
There is an increasing demand for high-performance energy storage devices, as the technologies related to this field are being highly regarded as a viable option for the generation and storage of energy serving as a possibly reliable energy grid. Yet, due to the harsh requirements to be met, there is a need to combine different materials to take advantage of their desired properties while diminishing the undesired ones. In that sense, the fabrication of composites based on polymeric materials, transition metal-based, and carbon-based nanomaterials is further described in this chapter. First, a brief introduction is provided that discusses the main concepts, issues, and the role of nanocomposites in energy. Second, there is a conceptual description of the most researched electronic devices with an emphasis on supercapacitors but also Li-ion and Li-S batteries, and fuel cells for the water-splitting process in terms of their mechanism and operating principles. The third session dives into recent examples related to the use of nanocomposites in supercapacitors divided into sub-sessions of composites based on conducting polymers with carbon-based nanomaterials, transition metal oxides, and transition metal sulfides. Similarly, the fourth session covers nanocomposite research for battery applications. The final session provides some discussion of recent work with polymeric nanocomposites for the development of flexible supercapacitors. Thus, this chapter is expected to provide a solid knowledge of the technology of nanocomposites from the concept to the proper design of experiments to serve as a guidance for the younger scientific community.
Probably, the biggest appealing materials in today’s digital world are nanocomposites (NCs), which have a place in practically every area of human lives. Polymer-based NCs remain the best popular, and these possess the maximum patrons among the many types of NCs. Polymers can be made in a variety of ways that are both simple and affordable. The remarkable features of polymer/SiO2 NCs motivated us all to concentrate our attention on them in the current chapter. This chapter focuses on the latest developments in the field of silica-based polymer nanocomposites. This chapter begins with an introduction of the fabrication strategies of silica nanoparticles, followed by the synthesis of silica-based polymer nanocomposites as well as their applications in various fields of life. In this chapter, synthesis techniques like in situ polymerization, melt-blending, solution mixing, and template synthesis are discussed. The most important method used for the preparation of silica-based polymer nanocomposites, the sol-gel technique, is also explained. Finally, future prospects and conclusion are provided.
Nanocomposites are formed by the blending of two or more than two materials in which the fillers are nano-dimensional materials. Composites have good properties than conventional metal alloys, ceramics, and polymeric materials. Polymer nanocomposite is a combination of a polymer and a nanofiller. Graphene and carbon nanotubes-based polymer nanocomposites are the emerging materials due to various enhanced properties such as low density and extraordinary mechanical properties. The carbon nanotubes-polymer and graphene–polymer nanocomposites are produced by melt mixing, solution blending, and in situ polymerization techniques. Graphene and carbon nanotube polymer nanocomposite are utilized for a wide range of application in various areas such as sensors, energy storage, electronic devices, Electromagnetic interference (EMI) shielding, transportation, biomedical, aerospace, automotive, sporting goods, and energy, defense, and infrastructure areas.
Polymer nanocomposites (PNCs) are specific materials in which the polymer serves as matrix and the other materials in nano scale are fillers. Polymers are active ingredients in sensor technology, and several medical and electronic equipments are based on these materials. They are used in real-time analysis of biological and environmental samples. The properties of a polymer itself are interesting, but the filler normally has a very prominent role in engineering these properties. The matrix and filler make a hybrid material, and their biomedical applications range from tissue engineering to bone reconstruction. Energy storage devices, energy harvesting devices, and corrosion protection. This chapter covers sensing applications of PNCs for selected chemicals in the field of environmental chemistry, medical, and several other industries. Sensors for some of the chemicals containing criterion air pollutants (CAP) are described in this chapter. Besides CAPs, sensors for selected notorious volatile organic and inorganic pollutants are outlined. The chapter provides important insights about sensing technology, two tables that summarize the properties of materials are given, and also necessary mechanism of action is explained for several sensing materials.
In light of the depleting fossil fuels, with rising concerns of energy security and climate change, alternate energy sources are being sought. Polymer electrolyte membrane fuel cells, which convert the chemical energy of fuel and oxygen to electricity are promising alternative clean sources of energy. The role of electrocatalysts is extremely significant in fuel cell performance. Widely used catalysts include Pt-based materials. Nonetheless, to make the fuel cells commercially viable, alternatives to Pt-based catalysts have been explored due to the high costs and low availability of Pt. Enhanced performance can be obtained when the catalysts are used along with supports. One such support that has gained significant attention and been explored for Pt loading is graphene, which has multiple advantages. Graphene can be used as a support for the loading of Pt nanoparticles or Pt-based alloys as well as non-noble metal-based catalysts. Graphene can be used alone as an electrocatalyst, without the incorporation of any metal catalyst as well, by methods such as functionalization, doping or preparation of hierarchical 3D structures with intercalating materials. All these have been shown to render the fuel cells highly performing as well as durable in long-term operation.
Polymer nanocomposites are dominating today in the global scenario due to their diverse applications. The study involves the investigation of the role of Reduced graphene oxide (RGO) as nanofiller on mechanical and dielectric properties of Polyvinylidene difluoride (PVDF). Flexible piezoelectric thin films of PVDF loaded with RGO nanofillers were synthesized using a solvent casting technique. The crystal structure of neat PVDF and RGO loaded PVDF films were analysed using X-ray diffraction (XRD), field emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM) and Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR). Tensile strength and Young’s modulus of polymer nanocomposite films were analysed by performing tensile testing on a universal testing machine (UTM). The results showed an improvement in elastic modulus up to a certain nanofiller percentage (2 wt% RGO). Measurement of dielectric properties of thin films was conducted using an impedance and material analyser (IMA). The dielectric constant of the film increases with increment in RGO loading. Thus, overall increment in piezoelectric properties take place. This nanocomposite can be used for developing flexible and highly sensitive sensors and actuators.
Plastic packaging is frequently used in relation to the commission of a crime. This article reviews the various optical, physical and chemical methods that may be employed for the examination and comparison of plastic bags and films. The value of such examinations for forensic intelligence, investigative or evidential purposes is also discussed.
Automotive paint is a pigmented coating which imparts a specific aesthetic to a vehicle in addition to protection from physical damage and the destructive environmental effects of ultraviolet radiation, acid rain, and other weather phenomena. Unlike architectural paint, automotive paint is applied in a controlled environment, with rigorous physical specifications as to film thicknesses, chemical specifications as to the types and amounts of solvents and other chemicals used, and is controlled post-processing (e.g., crossed-linked coatings require baking at a specific temperature and time duration). Cross-linking, by baking or by another process, imparts durability to automotive paint. Paint is composed of four types of materials: binders, solvents, pigments and additives. For each of these categories, there are a variety of chemicals which can be used to impart desired qualities or characteristics to the final paint. It is this diversity of components, as well as its physical layer structure which provides for its forensic significance.
In view of the rising concerns of fossil fuel consumption and environmental impact of the petroleum industry, polymers derived from renewable biomass are regarded as sustainable and carbon-neutral alternatives to conventional petroleum-based plastics. In recent years, biorefinery technology provides a synthetic route to convert abundant and renewable lignocellulosic biomass to value-added platform chemicals and monomers. In this chapter, several important plant-derived monomers, including succinic acid, itaconic acid, isosorbide, furans, terpene, and bio-ethylene, are selected to highlight the corresponding biomass-based synthetic polymers. The chemistry of biomass molecule conversion and modification will be introduced, together with the polymerization techniques to construct functional sustainable polymers from renewable resources.
Kinesthetic appreciation of anatomy models serves to activate a concrete sensory experience that enhances 3D visuospatial mental mapping of anatomical structures. However, most commercially available plastic anatomy models are costly and do not provide tactile sensation similar to the organ or structures. Polymeric materials have been used widely in additive manufacturing to produce human brain models, however, none of the models resembles accurate feeling. The aim of this study is to produce 3D printed anatomical models using customized soft 3D printing filament from thermoplastic Polyurethane (TPU) and two types of rubber, which are ethylene propylene diene monomer (EPDM) and styrene butadiene rubber (SBR) compounds. Actual human brain MRI scans are used to form 3D-printed anatomy models. The MRI image obtained was in DICOM format, exported into 3D slicer software for specific brain parts extraction (whole brain, brain ventricles, circle of Willis, and dural venous sinuses), and converted into STL format for 3D printing. For material processing, the blending of TPU/EPDM and TPU/SBR were successfully fabricated using an internal mixer (Haake) and extruded into filament using a single screw extruder with the aid of a filament winder. The human brain model was then printed using 3D Printer (Ender 3). It was found that all TPU blends were able to be printed into brain anatomy models but the properties of the materials were greatly affected by rubber types and compositions of the added fillers. The addition of more than 30% of the fillers gave difficulties in processing, probably due to inconsistent viscosity that led to phase separation.
Nowadays, sustainable chemistry has becoming more and more important in polymer research and presents an area of high interest. Alternative reaction media have been investigated in order to avoid using harmful solvents to achieve more environmentally friendly processes. The ongoing search for careful solvent selection and consideration of the role of the solvent in the entire chemical process has led to the development of technologies based on so-called green solvents. The most commonly used green solvents in polymer chemistry are ionic liquids, deep eutectic solvents, liquid polymers, supercritical carbon dioxide, and switchable solvents. Based on the results mainly published during the last decade, this literature review focuses on the recent developments and achievements in applying ionic liquids, supercritical carbon dioxide, and water as green solvents for different polymerization processes.
SiC synthesised by a polymer-derived-ceramic route (PDC-SiC), also known as ‘black glass’, is synthesised from organosilane polymers, through an organosilane cross-linking, ceramic-forming and pyrolysis route. PDC-SiC and its derivatives SiCO, SiCN and SiBCN have proven to be quite a conundrum in two ways. (1) The PDC-route is capable of producing densified SiC, at densities >90%, at temperatures as low as 1000°C, in the absence of sintering aids, albeit as an amorphous ceramic, not a crystalline ceramic. The self-diffusion coefficients of Si in SiC and C in SiC are much too low at 1000°C for this to be possible via a traditional powder-sintering route, and yet PDCs have been routinely synthesised in this way for some decades. (2) SiC has long been known to be essentially a point compound, with approximately a 0.2wt.% solubility limit for boron, and a similarly very low solubility limit for carbon and nitrogen. However, for the PDC-synthesis route, amorphous SiC, as SiCxNy, SiCxOy, SiBxCyNz and SiBxCyNzOw, with substantial nitrogen, oxygen and boron solid solubility, can be synthesised by pyrolysis of preceramic precursors at T>1000°C, stable up to at least 1400°C, and in the case of borosilicon carbonitride can be stable up to 1700°C–2000°C, before decomposing into crystalline SiC and various other high-temperature solid and gaseous phases. PDC SiC is an intriguing material that has attracted significant scientific research into the mysteries of its microstructure, nanostructure and high-temperature thermodynamics and kinetics, with its most significant commercial application in PDC-derived high-strength/high-modulus/high-temperature SiC fibres (Nicalon), and in high-temperature/high-toughness/lightweight SiC-fibre reinforced SiC-matrix composites (SiC–SiC), which are currently evolving to be a paradigm-shifting material in the aerospace and nuclear industries. This chapter begins with an overview of PDC-SiC and then explores in detail the SiC–SiC concept.
Aqueous two-phase system is widely used in the purification, recovery, and separation of biomolecules. When compared to the conventional method of purification, aqueous two-phase system reduces overall cost and omits the use of multistep procedures. The polymer–polymer aqueous two-phase system is made up of two water-soluble polymers above a critical concentration, in which polyethylene glycol and dextran are the most commonly used components. To address the drawback of high polymer cost, cheaper alternatives such as tree gum, xanthan, and starch derivatives were proposed. The book chapter discusses the principles of polymer–polymer aqueous two-phase system and the partitioning behavior of biomolecules by using a phase diagram. Moreover, the parameters that influence phase formation were evaluated. The chapter also reviewed the application of the polymer–polymer aqueous two-phase system in the pharmaceutical and biotechnological industries. Future prospects and research gaps were also addressed for future development of the polymer–polymer aqueous two-phase system.
Polymer composites are primarily produced for achieving superior mechanical, thermal, electrical, and barrier properties. The final properties of composites are governed by the properties of the matrix and the reinforcement, the interfacial adhesion between them, as well as the aspect ratio and orientation of the reinforcement. Various theoretical models have been summarized and proposed to predict polymer composites mechanical, electrical, and barrier properties.
Currently, phyto-nanotechnology has a crucial impact on the significant changes in agriculture and general plant sciences since it enables target-specific delivery of nanomaterials (NMs) to crops and other plants. Nanotechnology enables the encapsulation of pesticides in NMs to promote their controlled release, increased permeability, stability, and solubility. The slow release of pesticides prevents the rapid degradation of active ingredients from plat sources, which ensures their greater effectiveness. The development of NMs as promising platforms for plant growth, as nanofertilizers and nanopesticides, has gained great attention in recent years. The application of NMs has been considered an alternative solution to control plant pests including insects, fungi, and weeds. NMs can be used as antimicrobial agents in food packing in which several nanoparticles are in intense research. Using nanobiotechnology it also is possible to apply so-called smart plant sensors that can interact with electronic devices and, consequently, allow higher plant productivity. Furthermore, thanks to different NMs, it is possible the translation of plant chemical signals into digital information that can be monitored by properly selected tools. NMs allow the efficient delivery of fertilizers, pesticides, plant growth regulators, and other similar compounds while reducing their consumption and reducing environmental pollution. NMs can also be designed to increase communication between plant roots and the surrounding soil structure.
The interactions of a surfactant, polymer, and surfactant and polymer with SmartWater (SW), at the crude oil/brine interface, were studied using an interfacial shear rheometer and Langmuir trough at both ambient and elevated temperatures. The reservoir crude oil is used, and high salinity water (HSW) is selected as the base line to provide representative comparisons against SW. An amphoteric surfactant (at 1000ppm) and a sulfonated polyacrylamide polymer (500ppm) are chosen for this experimental investigation.Interfacial shear rheology results showed that elasticity of the interface is reduced with SW in comparison to HSW. SW+polymer and SW+surfactant+polymer solutions also resulted in relatively lower elasticity for the oil/brine interface when compared to HSW+polymer and HSW+surfactant+polymer solutions. Interfacial pressures with the polymer remained almost the same as brines; however, they decreased with SW. The surfactant significantly reduced the interface pressures, and these reductions in interface pressures were greater with SW when compared to HSW. The interface compression energies were reduced by approximately two orders of magnitude with the surfactant. SW also showed a better efficacy in lowering the interface compression energies over HSW in the presence of a surfactant, polymer, and surfactant+polymer.The consistent findings obtained from interface elasticity, interface pressures, and compression energies demonstrated the favorable interactions of SW with the surfactant and polymer chemicals to result in the formation of less rigid films at the crude oil–brine interface. Such softer interfacial films can easily be destabilized to enhance crude oil droplet coalescence, improve oil phase connectivity, and better mobilize residual oil in chemical enhanced oil recovery processes.
To compare the compressive strength of polymer coated conventional concrete to the compressive strength of novel polymer coated concrete with polypropylene fiber. Polypropylene fibers make up 3 % of the concrete mix, and the casted cubes are coated with polymer. This study's sample size is 36 (18 + 18 per group), and it was calculated by providing the hypothesis, significance level, and size, as well as estimating the values for evaluating the power test. The sample size was determined to be 18 after using clincalc to calculate an alpha value of 0.05 percent and a pretest power of 80 percent. The data were recorded and analyzed using the SPSS statistical analysis programme for 18 samples of plain conventional concrete and polypropylene fiber-added concrete. When the polymer coated plain conventional concrete was compared to the polymer coated plain conventional concrete, the mean significant differences of p = 0.001 were obtained using SPSS-V26 software. The compressive strength of polymer coated plain conventional concrete with a 3 % of polypropylene fiber volume fraction is much higher than that of polymer coated plain conventional concrete, according to the results of this investigation.
Petroleum-based syntheses are nondegradable and have the potential for toxic emissions during production, recycling, and disposal processes. This shortcoming of petroleum-based polymers has been resolved by incorporating the excellent properties of cellulose when used as a filler in manufacturing, acting as a natural starch or synthetic matrix. Cellulose is a component of plant cell walls that helps plants remain stiff and upright. Cellulose is most commonly extracted from plant sources, bacterial pellicles, animals, and agricultural waste. It is composed of polymer chains that consist of unbranched β (1,4) linked D glucopyranosyl units (anhydroglucoses). Cellulose exhibits excellent mechanical properties, such as tensile and flexural moduli and strength and thermal resistance. In addition, it is a low-cost material because of its vast availability. Cellulose possesses good degradability that cannot be obtained from other synthetic fillers, making it an excellent biofiller for both natural and synthetic polymer matrixes. Cellulose can be extract via three techniques: mechanical, chemical, or bacterial. The mechanical technique involves high-pressure homogenization, grinding, crushing, and steam explosion. Meanwhile, chemical extraction comprises alkali treatment, acid retting, chemical retting, and degumming.
Synthetic nanofillers such as carbon nanotubes and montmorillonite have seen good progress and have been widely applied in polymer composites in recent years. They have been applied in applications such as portable electronic devices, entertainment, sports, and especially within the aerospace sector. They have been applied in aerospace applications because synthetic nanofiller-based composites offer improved mechanical, thermal, and electrical properties. Additionally, they possess a low density and noteworthy stiffness as nanofillers in polymer composites. As mechanical nanoreinforcements for structural applications, they have unique nano dimensions and sizes, as well as incredible strength. This chapter provides an overview of the application of synthetic nanofiller-based polymer composites in aerospace and also highlights the key factors influencing their performance.
Chloroprene (126-99-8) is used to make chemical-resistant rubber. Large exposures are harmful because they depress the neurological system. Chloroprene is thought to be cancer-causing when exposed repeatedly to high enough quantities of its hazardous metabolites.
Recent studies have shown that advanced/improved properties can be attained in cement-based materials such as cement mortars, concretes and grouts. The advances made in recent years have been closely connected to advances in processing technology. Cement-based materials must meet two contradictory demands. On the one hand, they must be castable or workable for some period of time while water, cement and other ingredients are mixed and formed into the desired shape, which has nearly always necessitated a specific minimum amount of water so that the particles of cement can flow and be intimately mixed. On the other hand, high-performance cement-based materials must have low porosity to achieve high strength, which is most easily achieved by minimizing the water content during early mixing; however, low water content reduces workability, and so forming by compaction and extrusion have been used to good effect with conventional concrete, e.g. spin casting of pipes and poles, slip casting of curbs, median barriers, etc. In the quest for increased strength, new processing technologies have focused on ways of minimizing the water content in the original mix while maintaining castability. Rheological modifiers, fine particles that efficiently fill the interparticle space, superplasticizers and high-intensity mixing have been used to produce materials with very high strength.
The use of recirculating light confined within a microcavity to sensitively measure the surrounding environment is a highly promising technology. The wide attention that the whispering gallery mode (WGM) platform has attracted is driven by its versatility and extreme sensitivity. Their unique property of confining photons for a long time in small volumes enables precision measurements for various applications in sensing. In comparison with other materials, polymer-based resonators hold technological promise for constructing low-cost WGM sensing devices with ease of fabrication and flexibility. Organic dye-doped polymers have been widely used as gain media in optical amplifiers and solid-state dye-lasers due to their wide range of tunability. With the headways in microfabrication, polymer-based resonator devices can be configured for a wide variety of physical, chemical or biomolecular sensing applications.This chapter begins with a brief description of WGM optical microcavities followed by discussions including different geometries, choices of material systems, methods of sensor interrogation, and new approaches to sensor operation. Throughout, recent important developments are highlighted, including advancements in polymer cylindrical WGM microlasers and their applications as optical sensors. Many of the sensing mechanisms implemented on polymer optical fiber-based devices are discussed in terms of their potential for easy implementation, more sensitive and rapid analysis. Brief concluding remarks offer the future perspectives of polymer optical fiber-based sensors and their promises as versatile detection elements in many photonic applications.
This article provides an up-to-date review of organic electrolyte-gated transistors. Beginning with an introduction to the fundamental components, mechanisms, configurations, and figures of merit for electrolyte-gated transistors, the article will then transition to an evaluation of the materials used, followed by an overview of past and current applications, ending with the identification of key challenges and opportunities for the organic electrolyte-gated transistor.
Nanoparticles (NPs) are spherically-shaped solids with an average 100nm size, synthesized from naturally or synthetically occurring polymers. Nowadays, nanotechnology is being widely used in biomedical science for treating a number of diseases like cancer. Poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) is a successful biodegradable polymer due to its hydrolytic property, and has been approved by the FDA and EMA. PLGA NPs are incorporated in cells via fluid phase pinocytosis as well as via clathrin-mediated endocytosis. Over the past 2 decades, regenerative medicine has been studied widely due to its ability to repair or replace cells and tissues that have been impacted by age, illness, or injuries, and also to normalize congenital abnormalities. This chapter discusses the use of PLGA-based nanoparticles in regenerative medicine.
Fruits and vegetables play an important role in human life. Along the productive chain, fruit and vegetable loss percentages are relatively high worldwide. Food waste generally include peels, seeds, and pomace and its valorization is currently at the core of discussions in the field of food science to meet the current demand for more sustainable and profitable processes. Waste generated during the food processing is increasing due to population growth and technological development. Sustainable approaches to tackle such waste is gaining importance due to abundance of bioactive compounds in such waste. This book chapter is an attempt to collate the potential of waste generated from fruits and vegetables for nutraceutical application.
Bioinspired polymer membranes are artificial membranes designed to combine with biomolecules (proteins, enzymes, mimics, nucleic acids), which can not only improve the mechanical stability of the entire system but also provide an environment for maintaining the functions of biomolecules. The emergence of nanotechnology and biotechnology has promoted the revolutionary development, which allows the biologically inspired platforms that directly mimic the natural ingredients in the human body to show their ability to become one of the most versatile and innovative drug delivery systems in the treatment and diagnosis of different diseases. To achieve this goal in the present scenario, active drug delivery is an efficient delivery platform for the biologics to give target-specific results with minimum side effects and desired results (cellular uptake, pharmacokinetic parameters, etc.). In the past two decades, research in this field has developed rapidly and has provided many examples of biologically inspired materials that can reversibly change their stiffness, shape, porosity, density, or hardness under remote stimulation. This chapter summarizes the current state of research in the field of bioinspired drug delivery systems.
Magnetically responsive materials have garnered considerable attention for designing drug-delivery systems, owing to their potential for breakthrough applications. The composites obtained by merging magnetic and polymeric materials are reported to display unique magnetically responsive behavior. They have the ability to realize rapid and programmable transformation in shape via remote and untethered control by magnetic field applications. The design parameters can be fine-tuned in the magnetically responsive polymeric/elastomeric composites for magnetic actuation that permits both spatial and temporal control for drug release. The availability of a wide array of functional magnetic fillers, polymers/elastomers, and advanced fabrication methods open the possibilities for dextrous modulation of material properties for integrated functions, including programmable shape morphing and remote heat generation. The chapter focuses on the mechanism, challenges, components, fabrication techniques, properties, emerging advancements, applications, and future prospects of magnetically modulated and functionalized polymers and elastomers for drug-delivery applications.
Polymers have been utilized to deliver drugs to the targeted site in a controlled manner and for achieving high therapeutic efficacy. Polymer-drug conjugates having variable ligands have been proved to be biodegradable, stimuli-sensitive, and targeted systems and can be effectively used for the delivery of drugs to the target site. Numerous polymer-drug conjugates having linkers degraded by acidity or intracellular enzymes or sensitive to overexpressed groups of diseased organs/tissues have been synthesized during the last decade to develop targeted delivery systems. Polymer-drug conjugates are a novel class of nanocarriers for drug delivery, which can protect drugs from premature degradation, prevent drugs from premature interaction with the biological environment, and enhance the absorption of the drugs into tissues.Polymer-drug conjugates are often considered as new chemical entities (NCEs) owing to a pharmacokinetic profile distinct from that of the parent drug. Synthetic polymers may be conjugated covalently to a variety of natural or synthetic biomolecules for many diverse uses. Polymer conjugation is an efficient approach for improving the therapeutic properties of bioactives. Since the first synthetic polymer-drug conjugate entered clinical trials in 1994, this technology has undergone notable development for the introduction and study of novel polymers and for progress in the biological rationale for designing conjugates. Not surprisingly, new polymers, in addition to the best-known polyethylene glycol, poly(N-(2-hydroxypropyl) methacrylamide), are continuously conjugated with drugs to achieve biodegradable, stimuli-sensitive, and targeted systems in an attempt to prolong blood circulation times and enhance drug concentrations at the intended site of action.This chapter highlights the approaches for designing polymer-drug conjugates, future prospects of polymer-drug conjugates, the gap between current studies and clinical application for polymer-drug conjugates, approaches for enhancing the transportation of polymer-drug conjugates, clinical status of polymer-drug conjugates, and patent status of polymer-drug conjugates.
Polymer-based bulk heterojunction solar cells have emerged as promising candidates for low-cost printable third-generation solar cells. The efficiency of bulk heterojunction solar cells has now reached over 16% after three decades of research. Apart from the long-term stability issues, there have been several other challenges, such as film reproducibility as well as film morphology control over large areas, that remain elusive. In this chapter various fabrication strategies, which include solvent and thermal annealing as well as additive engineering to achieve high-performance polymer bulk heterojunction solar cells, have been discussed. Most of these high-performance polymer solar cells are prepared from toxic organic solvents. Alternatively, polymeric nanoparticles in the aqueous medium not only reduce the environmental hazard but also improve the overall morphology and reproducibility of the active layer. In the end, one of the possible applications of flexible polymer solar cells for indoor light recycling is demonstrated.
Supercapacitors inevitably attract much attention among the scientific community and the general public since they combine the desirable characteristics of batteries and capacitors. The successful development of environmentally friendly supercapacitors is possible thanks to the organic materials obtained from renewable sources that are considered viable alternative materials for a safer and higher energy polymer electrolytes (PE) system. These organic polymer electrolytes (OPEs) are generally materials consisting of carbon and other atoms, such as oxygen, nitrogen, and halogen. This system is supramolecular in nature and produces high ionic conductivity when doped with ions. There is a myriad of future supercapacitor applications, including their use as supplementary energy sources in the electric grid, electric and microhybrid vehicles, and cell phone base stations. This chapter specifically discusses the recent progress made in the application of OPEs, their performance, challenges, and future directions in the context of supercapacitors.
The main objective of this study is to encapsulate one of the most expensive oil in the world “prickly pear seed oil (PPSO)” with a biodegradable and biocompatible polymer “Polyhydroxy butyrate-co-valerate (PHBV)”. PPSO loaded PHBV microcapsules were prepared by the solvent evaporation method using oil in water emulsion (O/W). On chemical analysis oil was found to show high iodine value (199.7) and oxidative stability (1.95 meq O2 /kg) which reveals that the seed oil upholds the good qualities of edible oil. UV–visible spectrophotometric studies showed absorption bands at 244 nm and 284 nm. This further supported the encapsulation efficiency of PHBV with respect to the concentration of PPSO. The highest encapsulation efficiency observed was 25 % at the optimum PPSO concentration (0.24 g/ml). Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) and thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) supported the results obtained. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) analysis revealed the spherical shape of PPSO loaded PHBV microcapsules.
Gellan gum (GG) is a linear polysaccharide resulting from Sphingomonas elodea bacteria’s fermentation process, being the major component of their extracellular polymeric substance. Its great availability and low-cost production have turned GG into an industrially relevant polymer widely applied in different areas such as the food and pharmaceutical industries. In these fields, it has been employed as gelling agent due to its ability to form heat and acid-resistant transparent gels, at low polymer concentrations, in the presence of monovalent or divalent cations such as sodium, magnesium, potassium, or calcium. GG is a natural origin hydrogel, biocompatible, and its highly hydrated polymeric network conjugated to its chemical nature confers the capacity to mimic the extracellular matrix.
Theranostic is an encouraging field associated with both therapeutics and diagnostics together in a single platform. The progressions in nanotechnology are capable to provide the needed functionalities to meet the challenges of these nanocarrier systems. By using these commanding advancements in nanocarrier systems, they can be utilized for the development of various polymer-based nanocarriers for theranostic use in cancer. Polylactic acid (PLA) and poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) are the two most common biodegradable polymers used in several clinical applications. PLA has been employed for combined drug delivery systems and diagnostics, respectively. PLGA has also been investigated for its theranostic use in many combined passive and active targeting. They are also noticed to be used as a single platform in biologically responsive drug release, molecular imaging, and other therapeutic functions. This book chapter gives a brief overview of the various PLA and PLGA-based nanocarrier systems such as nanoparticles, nanocapsules, nanospheres, nanofibers, and micelles for theranostic use in cancer.
Tooth decay is the most common chronic condition in the world. However, it is difficult to revive a tooth if any portion of it is lost. Therefore, experts have recently focused on stimulating regenerative therapy, a promising approach for developing pathways for tooth regeneration. Encapsulation technologies of cells and bioactive materials transplanted into the body are one form of tissue engineering without any immune reaction or rejection. The encapsulation technique is used in various dental fields, including restoration of enamel, dentin, pulp, treatment of root canal, artificial bone grafting in different mouth areas, etc. The encapsulation technique has demonstrated high differentiation capacities in vitro and in vivo, allowing for fine regulation of scaffold structures and physicochemical properties at the molecular level. In this chapter, we first discuss the complex tooth structure and dental stem cells. Then the importance of tooth restoration is explained, since filling the empty space prevents neighboring teeth from migrating. Following this, a description of the powerful encapsulation approach is given and commonly utilized biomaterials to coat stem cells and bioactive compounds in the field of dentistry are discussed.
Medical and healthcare textiles include those designed or produced for use in any variety of medical applications. These textiles must exhibit certain properties to serve a variety of purposes including implantable materials, clothing, barrier materials, and hygiene products. Medical textiles must be non-toxic and biocompatible, ideally, they should be hypoallergenic and non-carcinogenic as well. These products may be derived from natural or artificial materials, and are composed of fibers, hairs, yarns, or polymers.
In this review we have summarize, the compatibilization process, potential applications, and future aspects of polypropylene (PP) and acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) blend. The effect of several compatibilizers such as organic/inorganic compounds, nanomaterials, or a combination of more than one compatibilizers is presented. Whenever a pair of polymers are blended together, the physical and chemical characteristics of the blend are tested to identify whether the combination is compatible or incompatible. Compatibility between constituent polymers influences the overall property of blended polymers, such as mechanical strength, thermal behaviour, morphology, flow behavior, and rheology. Homogeneous mixing of polymer component is essential and for this purpose twin-screw extruders (TSE) are superior as compared to single-screw extruders (SSE). However, in some cases chain scission occurred during the extrusion process due to high shear stress and long residence time of TSE. SSE is unable to perform homogeneous mixing mainly in case of chemically inert thermoplastics. PP and ABS are inert thermoplastics, difficult to mix with each other due to the high interfacial tension. Adding an appropriate compatibilizer can significantly improve the interfacial adhesion. Here, the influence of compatibilizer, compatibilization process and technique of blending on PP/ABS blends are reported systematically. Also, effect on tensile strength and modulus, flexural strength, impact strength, elongation at break, melting temperature, glass transition temperature, crystallinity, miscibility, electrical conductivity, dielectric constant, and morphology of the blended material are summarised and compared (Mourad, 2010 [1]; Chen et al., 2011 [2]).
Currently, neural tissue engineering is a growing domain with great potential in the development of suitable medical therapies which possess many neurological requirements that usually cannot be addressed. The neurological dysfunctions can produce permanent motor, cognitive, and psychotic disabilities. For this reason, the regeneration of nerve cells is a complex phenomenon. Consequently, a tremendous effort has been made over past years to find functional and improved strategies for regeneration of damaged neural cells and the recovery of neural tissue. In this context, to solve the problems regarding the regenerative capacity of the nervous tissue, new biomaterials have been developed. Existing tendencies in biomedical applications are the utilization of a natural and synthetic polymer-based hydrogel systems with attractive physicochemical properties which involves cell growth and tissue regeneration. The latest developments in regenerative medicine and neural cell therapy promote the use of cell-encapsulating polymer-based hydrogels. The scope of this chapter is to summarize and to analyze the extensive use of natural and synthetic polymer-based hydrogels in neural tissue engineering applications.
Unsaturated polyester (UPE) resin is a versatile and widely used cheap thermosetting polymer with multiple characteristics like mechanical properties, thermal stability, chemical resistance, and high industrial application. But one of the drawbacks of UPE is its brittleness and weak crack resistance tendency retard its application in many fields. So to overcome such problems, modification of UPE is effective. This modification can enhance the overall behavior for advanced applications. So the introduction of a second polymer like epoxy for the modification of this UPE matrix through reactive blending can successfully give an interpenetrating polymer network with superior characteristics than the neat resin. They both show good miscibility and compatibility with each other. The cocured polymer networks showed substantial upgrading in each aspect including mechanical, thermal, and dynamic mechanical properties. The whole performances of these crosslinked hybrid network have offered high-performance applications.
The aerospace environment has always been a challenging topic in terms of technological developments. This environment is very complex and full of microgravity, severe temperature gradient, high vacuum, radiations etc. The harsh and severe conditions typical of this environment are a matter of continuous studies to evaluate the best choice in terms of materials to be used for different purposes, from lightweight structural uses (as for aircraft) to flame retardant and shielding uses. Polymers used in this field are subjected to aging and degradation with consequent repercussions on mechanical, physical, and chemical properties that limit use. Consequently, the material's ability to resist environmental issues must be outstanding. Research is constantly evolving toward the selection of new solutions in terms of polymers and composites which require a design phase, a characterization phase, and the choice of the optimal manufacturing process able to produce the analyzed solution. In this optic, unsaturated polyester resins (UPRs) are under evaluation as foams, films, coatings, or fiber-reinforced composites due to their interesting properties which make them suitable for different applications, also in the aerospace field. UPR composite materials are broadly used in the aircraft industry and the commonly used fibers are glass, carbon, aramid, and natural fiber. Moreover, UPR nanocomposites are currently being studied to improve thermal cycle stability, mechanical strength, electromagnetic radiation, and ionizing particle shielding, in order to provide the basis for the selection, modification, and reliability analysis of UPR application in the aerospace environment.
Water is the most important element in the evolution and survival of all living things. Water is essential to all living things, including flora and fauna. Rapid population growth, industrialization, and agricultural activities have resulted in massive amounts of wastewater and increasingly polluted water. So far, various methods have been used to treat wastewater, including the combined effect of advanced nanotechnology approaches with traditional methods, which has shown significant benefits. Recently, there has been increased interest in the use of bio-reinforced composites. Due to their green and biodegradable nature, these composites are the most advantageous materials for water purification, such as heavy metals, microorganisms, and organic pollutants removal from contaminated water. This chapter has discussed various types of biodegradable polymers and their nanocomposites, including biomass-based (cellulose, chitosan, starch, alginate), biotechnology-based (polylactic acid), and microorganism-based (xanthum gum, dextran), among others. In addition, their synthesis method and application in wastewater treatment have been summarized.
Nitric oxide (NO), a potential diatomic radical-based gasotransmitter, exerts a spectrum of concentration-dependent physiological effects by binding to receptors. Over the past decades, the advancement in NO-related research uncloaked its potential in wound healing, anticancer, and antibacterial activities. However, it is essential to release a specific dosage depending on the action needed, thus warranting the fabrication of suitable carriers for target-specific NO delivery. The polymeric NO donors are more advantageous than small molecular NO donors in such circumstances, as they can be designed to provide additional control, including multifunctionality and stimuli-based NO release. In this chapter, the discussion is initiated by disseminating the biological pathway of NO production followed by the advantages of different types of NO donors and the future perspectives of the present research topic. We then provide a comprehensive insight into the state-of-the-art studies on the design, synthesis, and biological applications of various polymeric NO donors. The discussion encompasses stimuli-responsive behavior and pharmacodynamics after treating with polymeric NO donors. We anticipate that the article would provide a foundation to sketch the next-generation polymeric NO donors for suitable biological applications.
This research explores a segment of the mechanical, thermal & physical characteristics of a polymer polypropylene (PP) mixture including low density polyethylene (LDPE). There were mixing syntheses (pure PP, 25 LDPE/75PP, 50LDPE/50PP, 75LDPE/25LDPE, pure PP) that were examined. As outcome, the expansion of LDPE to PP has decreased, with improved thickness, elasticity, bending efficiency, versatile modulus and hardness. In a (25LDPE/75PP) arrangement the prevailing elasticity was achieved while the (50LDPE/50PP) synthesis was attributed to ideal bent efficiency. High density polyethylene (HDPE) blowing in different proportions PP/polyethylene (PEs) can remove sorting course employed during even recycling course. PP has interesting features like outstanding process ability &tolerance to chemicals. Inadequate versatility, however, limits its usage in specific applications. Mixing PP with relative PEs may enhance its versatility. Universal kinetics of PP crystallization have been affected greatly by the existence of PEs of various structures of the ramifications. Existence of LDPE reduced overall summation ratio while HDPE increased the process of crystallization. No negative effect was observed in the studied parameter range on mechanical performance and the related crystallinity.
In this modern era, polymers are the most widely used materials for a plethora of products that are used routinely in-home appliances, protective coatings, thin films, adhesives, sealants, packaging, biomaterials, microelectronics, etc. The physical and chemical properties at the surface of polymer blends can be drastically different from those in the bulk. This is more prominent for those with low surface energy components since they tend to migrate to the surface. To develop new materials or to understand the surface properties, techniques that can give information on the first few nanometers of the surface are needed. Surface-sensitive techniques offer valuable quantitative and chemical state information from the surfaces of a wide range of materials. Surface probing techniques mostly use a beam of ions (secondary ion mass spectroscopy (SIMS)) or electrons (Auger electron spectroscopy (AES), Energy Dispersive Spectroscopy (EDS)) or X-rays (X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), total reflection X-ray fluorescence (TXRF)) to strike the surface and knock off species from the sample material. From this, the required material information is extracted by various means. Few other techniques like ion scattering spectroscopy (ISS) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM), make use of information obtained from the scattering of ions or electrons to reveal their surface properties. Every technique has a limited range of applications when it comes to materials with different functionalities. Thus a multitechnique approach is essential for the characterization and complete study of the surface and interfacial chemistry of the materials. This facilitates correlating the performance of materials or coatings with their surface feature, composition, and structure. This knowledge helps better understanding in the fields of surface chemistry and surface physics, which in turn promotes the development of new materials or their functionality. In this direction, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) techniques have been widely used for analyzing the surface of materials. These techniques are unique and highly complementary in terms of the data they provide. This chapter provides an overview of the principles of XPS and SIMS and describes their application in understanding the physical and chemical properties of polymeric surfaces.
Nanoscale polymeric coatings have been developed and utilized in a wide range of industries for decades. The ability for quality control at nanoscale is critical to large-scale industrial development. Nondestructive testing (NDT) techniques play vital roles in structural health monitoring of the nanocoatings throughout their lifetime stages. In terms of recent advances in quality control of nanocomposite coatings, here we present and discuss the commonly used inspection techniques for ex-situ detections, as well as the promising in-situ or inline monitoring methods, with a focus on the application of NDT techniques. Future development of NDT techniques for polymeric nanocomposite coatings will be directed toward intelligent and automated inspection systems, in order to avoid errors caused by human factors and further improve accuracy and reliability.
This chapter deals with the electrochemical characterization of the anticorrosive nanoscale polymer-based coatings. Corrosion of metals results in a huge loss of material performance and increase of cost, which has been a common problem that must be solved urgently. Polymer coating technology is one of the most economically viable techniques to prevent the corrosion. Nanocomposite coatings are used in many strategic industries such as automotive, aerospace, petroleum, naval, pipeline, and electronics. In order to evaluate the corrosion protection performance of the nanocomposite coated metals/alloys, several electrochemical techniques such as open circuit potential, Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS), Potentiodynamic polarization technique (PDP), Scanning electrochemical microscopy (SECM), Scanning vibrating electrode technique (SVET), etc. This chapter deals with the principles and applications of different electrochemical techniques used for the investigation of anticorrosion behavior of polymer-based coatings. This chapter also discusses the better utilization of electrochemical techniques to analyze the anticorrosion behavior of the coated metal/alloy surface in microscope and submicroscope level.
The ever-increasing applications of shape memory polymers (SMPs) have motivated the development of appropriate constitutive models for these materials. In this chapter, first a 3D constitutive model for SMPs under time-dependent multiaxial thermomechanical loadings is presented. The derivation is based on an additive decomposition of the strain and satisfying the second law of thermodynamics. The evolution laws for internal variables are derived during both cooling and heating thermomechanical loadings. Further, the time-discrete form of the evolution equations is presented. The model is validated by comparing the predicted results with different experimental data. Then, a constitutive model from the thermovisco-hyperelasticity point of view is briefly discussed. Employing this model, a general solution is presented for SMPs in large deformation. The proposed formulation is suitable for describing the constrained fixed strain stress recovery, and stress-free strain recovery, as well as for multiple shape memory effect in uniaxial and combined extension-torsion problems. The presented solution can be employed as an efficient tool for examining the effects of changing any of the material or geometrical parameters on smart structures under torsion–extension for their design and optimization, which involves many simulations. It is also suitable for calibrating material parameters in both uniaxial and 3D benchmark problem of torsion–extension.
This chapter discusses about the reinforcement of biodegradable polymer composites using cotton. In specific, biodegradable polymer materials also known as bio-composites are of interest. This chapter focuses on the mechanical, structural, and biodegradation characteristics of biodegradable polymer composites and cotton fibers. When cotton is used as reinforcement, it impacts the cotton polymer composites tri-biological properties in various wear modes.
Polymer composites and nanocomposites have a wide range of applications in materials science and biomedicine, where both structural and functional requirements must be met. Conventional design approaches to synthesize and optimize these materials are mostly experimentally oriented. One step forward is to link experiments through a concrete design scheme to address key processes and validation of results. Recent advances in computational modeling and simulation driven by quantum computing and artificial intelligence have led to changes in the rational design of such versatile materials, enabling a deeper understanding of material formulation and behavior. Along the remarkable progress in computational materials engineering, the development of hybrid and multiscale approaches supported by machine learning algorithms is clearly a fruitful area of research. These approaches possess invaluable potential for exploring and predicting the behavior of polymer nanocomposites, discovering optimal materials and processes, and optimizing existing ones. This chapter aims to provide an overview of the computational approaches that support the experimental design of a variety of polymer nanocomposites and promote their performance evaluation in the pharmaceutical and biomedical fields. The focus is on the models, algorithms and methods proposed to facilitate the exploration of polymer nanocomposite design and synthesis and the prediction of soft material behavior. These will greatly expand the portfolio of in silico methods applied to these types of materials.
Polychlorotrifluoroethylene (PCTFE) may be melt processed or compression molded yielding more transparent products than polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE). The reason is the chlorine atom is larger than fluorine and inhibits extensive crystallization. The chemical resistance and electrical properties of PCTFE are not as good as those of PTFE but still superior to those of most polymeric materials.
Today, one of the serious environmental problems is water pollution by heavy metals due to their stability in the environment. Therefore, the design and preparation of new functional materials are necessary for wastewater treatment. Different polymeric materials have been used to water purification. But they showed poor heavy metal removal. Among polymeric materials, lignin as a biomaterial has been focused significantly for heavy metal separation from water. This chapter explains the importance of lignin for heavy metal separation, which has been extensively applied to prepare adsorbents and membranes. Therefore, the advances in lignin-based materials for heavy metal separation from water are summarized and discussed different modifications of lignin and the various type of application of lignin for heavy metals separation. Moreover, the separation mechanisms by lignin for different heavy metal ions such as Pb2+, Cu2+, Hg2+, Cd2+, chromium (Cr), arsenic (As), and etc. were described.
Polymer-based materials, which possess outstanding chemical and mechanical properties and could be easily modified, have been widely used in a broad spectrum of applications, such as medical, electronic, pharmaceutical, and product packaging fields. It is indispensable to comprehensively understand the structural and physicochemical properties for a more versatile design and preparation of polymers with desired functionalities. Therefore, more advanced characterization techniques are essential in accelerating polymer science and technology innovations. In this chapter, recent advances on the polymer's characterizations based on spectroscopy, diffraction, and microscopy, are elaborated in detail. In addition, the discussion of computational work that is also crucial in modeling and guiding the design and preparation of polymer materials is comprehensively discussed. Finally, this chapter is concluded with the future direction of the characterizations and modeling of polymeric materials.
Molecularly imprinted polymeric materials demonstrated a huge potential to replace several natural product–based molecules in a wide range of applications, for instance, in diagnostic assays, small as well as (bio)macromolecular separation method, in biosensors, etc. Despite all the success with regards to research publications, a much broader applicability on the industrial scale is still fervently awaited on account of several reasons. However, with proper tuning of the monomeric units, physical conditions, and templating materials, it is certainly plausible to overcome the barriers associated with the commercialization of these novel materials. Therefore, in this chapter, various possibilities along with some thought-provoking success stories are discussed which will prove to be instrumental while implementing the materials in real world. Furthermore, a strategy to detect new SARS Coronavirus-2 on the imprinted-surfaces by making use of different polymer-coated nanoparticles has also been examined.
The art of assigning a specific molecular key to match a specific molecular lock is being defined as the “Molecular imprinting technology (MIT),” which installs complementary binding sites for the target/template molecule pertaining to its variability in functional groups, shape, and sizes. Highlighting the unique applicability, structure prediction, accessibility, specificity, recognition specificity, and universal applicability, MIPs have become popular in terms of separation and purification analysis, drug delivery process, antigen–antibody interactions, receptor–ligand binding, and other fields. This chapter, therefore, takes a sneak peek through essential elements, characterization procedures, smart MIPs, and their applicability in various fields. Further it also emphasizes on loopholes related to commercialization with a quick insight into prospects and advances need in the near future.
Polymer nanocomposites consist of various nanoscale units and organic polymer substances. Nanoferrites constitute one of the most critical inorganic magnetic minerals utilized as fillers for attaining magnetic characteristics in polymer composites. Combining magnetic and conductive features results in the development of novel materials such as conductive polymers with magnetic properties or magnetic particles made of a conductive polymer. This chapter covers the various concentrations of polymer-nanoferrites composites synthesized for different applications. Multiple ferrites, such as cobalt, zinc, nickel, and manganese, were investigated for use in synthesizing polymer-nanoferrites composites. In general, previous results confirmed that magnetic parameters in polymer-nanoferrite composites are significantly affected as the proportion of nanoferrites material in polymer composites increases or decreases. The applications of polymer-nanoferrites are limitless and continue to expand rapidly due to their low cost and ease of synthesis. Some applications include automobiles, aerospace, packaging materials, microelectronic packaging, drug delivery, sensors, and medical devices.
The rapid curing technique has been widely studied in recent years. It offers many advantages over conventional curing such as high productivity, low capital investment, high solids and solvent-free, low cost and energy consumption, multiple operations possible, advanced crosslinking, improved chemical resistance, wear resistance, stain resistance, etc. This review mainly focuses on the advancement in the curing processes such as microwave curing, ultraviolet curing, latent heat curing, photocuring, Gamma rays, and electron beam curing. It begins with an overview of the synthesis of some novel rapid cure systems. Further, a small portion of this article discusses the prospects in the area of rapid-curing resins systems.
The development of efficient, energy-saving, eco-friendly manufacturing of free-form variable-thickness polymer composites under microwave process is step-changing for the composites industry. However, there are substantial challenges inherent to tackling process parameters at multiple scales during such microwave manufacturing, including significant mismatch in microwave absorption behavior in the multimaterial composite, the disparity between the absorption through the thickness and across different geometric features, and uncertainties associated with multimaterial architecture, type and distribution. As such, the inherent variability associated with achieving uniform microwave process control may significantly compromise the integrity of the composites produced, which is undesirable. Further, this may induce uncertainties across a range of what are planned to be identical components produced, under the supposed “identical” process control through the complex interactions of the variabilities in the process discussed. If such an umbrella of uncertainties underpinning the composite cure quality occurs, then their effect on the evolution of the process state (the “cure”) can be affected in a deleterious way. It is thus important that these are understood, quantified, and their effects correlated, that is, through investigating the microwave-induced response in these multimaterials: examining this both locally and globally to identify and determine the effect of the uncertainties. In this way, improved process control design for automated microwave manufacturing will become viable, offering significant improvement in the quality of a composite under microwaves, as well as a substantial reduction of manufacturing costs and time. The chapter briefly identifies the ongoing challenges with the exploitation of rapid composites microwave cure, and gathers information from state-of-the-art research across the globe tackling such challenges.
With the rapid development of nanotechnology in the recent decade, novel DNA and RNA delivery systems for gene therapy have become available that can be used instead of viral vectors. These non-viral vectors can be made of a variety of materials, including inorganic nanoparticles, carbon nanotubes, liposomes, protein and peptide-based nanoparticles, as well as nanoscale polymeric materials. They have as advantages over viral vectors a decreased immune response, and additionally offer flexibility in design, allowing them to be functionalized and targeted to specific sites in a biological system with low cytotoxicity.gene therapy keeps hopes a life for the treatment of a wide range of diseases such as cancer, nano particles are now known as promising carriers for the effective and safe vectors of genes to specific cells or tissues. This could provide alternative therapies for conventional approaches that use viruses as gene carriers. The expression of genetic material such as DNA, RNA into cells and tissues has raised considerable hopes for therapeutic and diagnostic purposes. But getting nucleic acids into the cell also faces challenges. These challenges are less for non-virus carriers as a gene and drug vectors method than for viral or free vectors and are therefore considered less risky and more appropriate. of expanding nonverbal nano carriers, we will look at a few of these nano carriers, penicillin, PEI, PLGA, silica, block copolymer, Quantum dot, gold nano particles, and common carbon nano tubes. Problems include the use of nano particles such as polymer nano particles, liposomes, solid lipid particles, in targeted gene vectors will be investigated. Gene-based therapy is the intentional modulation of gene expression in specific cells to treat pathological conditions. This modulation is accomplished by introducing exogenous nucleic acids such as DNA, mRNA, small interfering RNA (siRNA), microRNA (miRNA) or antisense oligonucleotides. Given the large size and the negative charge of these macromolecules, their delivery is typically mediated by carriers or vectors. In this Review, we introduce the biological barriers to gene delivery in vivo and discuss recent advances in material sciences, nanotechnology and nucleic acid chemistry that have yielded promising non-viral delivery systems, some of which are currently undergoing testing in clinical trials. The diversity of these systems highlights the recent progress of gene-based therapy using non-viral approaches.
Ion-conducting solid polymer electrolytes (SPEs) have been increasingly used in electrochemical devices as efforts have improved their transport properties via a better understanding of their physical and chemical properties. This chapter provides a look at those efforts and provides new information on one such polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA) based SPE system, PMMA + LiClO4, with and without cerium oxide filler. Various theoretical and experimental approaches for the study of electrical transport in SPEs are reviewed here. Electrical transport in the PMMA + LiClO4 materials has been studied via electrical impedance spectroscopy at selected temperatures and is explained in terms of the dielectric constant, electric modulus, and AC conductivity of these materials. The results showed that higher conductivity at higher temperatures is not only due to the increased mobility of ions but also supported by an increase in carrier concentration.
Even though synthetic polymers are widely used in several fields of human activity, they are chemically produced from nonrenewable resources and, thus, are not environmentally friendly. Therefore, developing biodegradable polymers is an alternative to mitigate environmental impacts. Biodegradable polymers derived from natural raw materials (vegetables, animals, and fermentation products) may have their physicochemical and mechanical properties improved by various treatments to make them comparable to synthetic polymers and retain their ability to be degraded by enzymes and microorganisms. A major biodegradable polymer is starch from vegetables. Its physicochemical and functional properties may be improved to enable its application in preparing bioplastics, encapsulants, and food. This chapter emphasizes the versatility of starch as a biodegradable polymer. The chapter describes modifications (chemical, physical, enzymatic) that may transform starch into a promising substitute for synthetic polymers for various purposes.
Chitin is the second most abundant polysaccharide after cellulose and the structural material of crustaceans, insects, and fungi. Chitosan is a natural cationic polymer obtained from chitin deacetylation. Although chitosan possesses broad properties, including being antibacterial and having biodegradability, biocompatibility, and nontoxic nonimmunogenicity, its low water solubility can cause some limitations in industrial applications. Thus, modifying chitosan through chemical modifications or blending with other natural or synthetic biopolymers can be achieved through its molecular chain, which contains active amino and hydroxyl groups. Meanwhile, chitosan-based gels, hydrogels, and interpenetrating polymer networks have been found in a wide range of industrial applications. This chapter first provides an overview of chitosan modifications through blending with natural and synthetic polymers and then discusses some industrial applications of chitosan.
The paper is a self-review of works on development of new approaches to formation of mimics of receptor and catalytic sites of biological macromolecules in the structure of highly cross-linked polymer membranes and thin films. The general strategy for formation of the binding sites in molecularly imprinted polymer (MIP) membranes and thin films was described. A selective recognition of a number of food toxins, endocrine disruptors and metabolites is based on the results of computational modeling data for the prediction and optimization of their structure. A strategy proposed for the design of the artificial binding sites in MIP membranes was supported by the research performed by the authors on development of a number of the MIP membrane-based affinity and catalytic biosensors for selective and sensitive measurement (detection limits 0.3–100 nM) of the target analytes. Novel versatile approaches aimed at improving sensitivity of the developed biosensor systems were discussed.
This paper proposes a new control policy for optimal control of the 3-phase system of PEMFC connected to the grid. This also includes a 3-phase high step-up Interleaved Boost Converter (IBC) to amplify the PEMFC outputted voltage. To control the PEMFC system, Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) based on Rigdelet Neural Networks (RNN) has been utilized, and to improve this controller, an improved version of the Satin Bowerbird Optimization (ISBO) algorithm has been utilized. The main advantage of the proposed improved version is modifying the convergence weakness and fixing convergence in chaos theory. The method is then validated by performing it one time on a standalone PEMFC system and another time on a grid-connected PEMFC system. Simulation results indicate that based o the IBC converter, better results with lower current ripples can be achieved. Also, the method has the ability to feed to both active and reactive powers by keeping stable the sudden temperatures. Final results have been also put in comparison with two different latest techniques to indicate the technique proficiency.
Concrete structures are vulnerable to various damages such as unintentional damage, insufficient design and construction, or need to upgrade the structures to comply with new design codes and regulations. So, it is essential to safeguard these assets with effective techniques.This study analyse the multi-storey buildings along with shear wall and without shear wall with ETABS software. Shear walls are provided to resist the lateral loads and it is necessary to study the storey drift, displacement and time period. To improve the performance of deficient beams and columns, externally bonded Fabric Reinforced Polymer (FRP) techniques are adopted and strengthening is carried out by wrapping the concrete surface withCarbon Fibre Reinforced Polymer (CFRP) sheets.From the analysis, it was found that the shear wall decreases the lateral sway of the structure and also decreases the injury level in the structures.The storey drift and displacement are found to be within the acceptable limit. The moment resistance for the strengthened beam and the load bearing capacity of the strengthened column has been enhanced.
Packaging protects the citrus fruit from the hazards of transportation and storage, besides serving as an efficient handling unit in a specified volume. While keeping the fruit clean and hygienic, packages promote the sale because it is attractive and provides the required information to the customers. For long distance transport and storage, fruit should not be handled in unpacked conditions.
Electronic ceramic materials attract attention due to their unique piezoelectrical, mechanical, chemical properties along with high thermal, chemical stability, low cost and wide range of sensor operations. These physical and chemical sensors commercially used in domestic, industrial, health sectors. These ceramic sensors behave as a transducer which converts the physical or chemical response into an electrical signal. In this article, the ceramic sensors have been discussed in detail which includes humidity sensor (resistive and capacitive sensor), temperature sensor (NTC thermistor), piezoelectric sensor (pressure sensor, nanogenerators for health sector). The working principle of these sensor depends on thermoelectric, chemical adsorption to electric, piezoelectric behavior which produce electrical signal via changing physical and electrical properties. To further enhance the sensor domain toward flexible sensors applications for biosensor designing, polymer derived ceramic, and lead-free ceramics have been used.
Recycling of High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) plastic is a viable and economical method to progress in the path of a sustainable and eco-friendly initiative towards the eco-sustainable environment. This work is a pilot study to synthesize a polymer nanocomposite material from recycled HDPE reinforced with aluminium oxide nanoparticles to assess its potential applications as a packaging material. The microstructure of the newly synthesized material is characterized using scanning electron microscopy (SEM) analysis, and energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS) analysis. X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis was done to determine the crystallographic structure, while the thermal behaviour was analyzed through Thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) and differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC) test. Recycled HDPE is already being used in a variety of applications, however, reinforcing with nano alumina particles will alter the properties of HDPE composite which opens up a new arena of possibilities in the field of electronic packaging.
The development of noninvasive and enzyme-free devices is nowadays very popular in medical research due to their affordable cost and also to bypass the restrictions because of the measurements requiring blood. For this purpose, this work presents the development of noninvasive electrochemical sensors operating in secreted human physiological fluids, namely, urine and saliva. The proposed electrochemical devices are based on molecularly imprinted polymer (MIP) for the detection of two analytes (creatinine and glucose) that are very important in understanding kidney diseases. The challenges facing research in this field are to bypass classical techniques which are either cumbersome, expensive, or invasive. Indeed, biomimetic receptors are designed on screen-printed gold electrodes using two different ways (sandwich and electropolymerization). Here, electrochemical and morphological characterizations were performed. On the one hand, cyclic voltammetry, differential pulse voltammetry, and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy have allowed to visualize the electrochemical behavior of the proposed MIP sensors. On the other hand, scanning electron microscopy coupled with energy-dispersive spectroscopy and atomic force microscopy have allowed to study the surface properties, thereby obtaining very promising metrological properties. In a wide linear range of 0.1–1μg/mL, a low detection limit of 0.016ng/mL was reached for the creatinine sensor. For glucose detection, an Limit Of Detection (LOD) of 0.59μg/mL was obtained in the working range from 0.5 to 50μg/mL. Using partial least squares regression, the two MIP sensors were satisfactorily applied for the practical detection of both analytes in urine and saliva while referring to the Jaffé method and a glucometer, respectively.
Plastics are mostly synthetic polymers made up of long chains of carbon atoms bonded with hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, and sulfur. Besides the many valuable properties of synthetic plastics, like their physical, chemical, and biological inertness, scientists face a great challenge as plastic waste is discharged into the environment. The burden on the environment continues to increase and has concerned many scientists working on various ways to grapple with this problem. The constant increase in plastic waste in the atmosphere and their division into smaller particles known as microplastics (particle sizes of less than 5 microns) have raised global issues about their perseverance in the environment. It is critically important to know about the mechanisms for the degradation of polymeric substances and to understand the interaction of these released particles with abiotic and biotic factors that can cause structural and chemical changes in polymeric chains. Current studies show that knowledge of the factors and conditions that determine the degradation of polymer compounds and their impact on nature (flora and fauna) is still inadequate. This chapter includes a brief analysis of the degradation of synthetic plastics in different habitats, discusses the mechanism and methods of analysis, explains the types of plastics and challenges in their degradation, and future scenarios associated with this field of research.
A metal-free, efficient, and eco-friendly on-water protocol for the synthesis of quinazolinone derivatives via a tandem one-pot three-component reaction using a novel, efficient, and recyclable heterogeneous catalyst, [CA@MIP] – melamine-based covalent organic polymer supported citric acid, has been described. The catalyst has been synthesized by a simple procedure and is well characterized by numerous spectroscopic techniques such as Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR), Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM), Powder X-ray diffraction (PXRD), Brunauer-Emmett-Teller (BET), Energy Dispersive X-ray (EDX), and Thermal Gravimetric (TG) analyses. [CA@MIP] showed excellent catalytic potential offering quinazolinones in excellent yields (>85%) in a short reaction time period and was reusable for up to five successive runs.
The chapter showcases the utilization of assorted metalloligands offering judiciously selected coordination-sensitive functional groups for the synthesis of discrete heterometallic complexes and multidimensional coordination polymers (CPs). In both categories, metalloligands were offering either heterocyclic rings or arylcarboxylic acid groups as the appended functional groups. The type of functional groups and their placement on a metalloligand are shown to have a significant effect on the dimensionality of the resultant architectures. Both discrete complexes and CPs functioned as notable catalysts for assorted organic transformation reactions. While discrete complexes acted as the homogenous catalysts for a number of challenging organic transformations; the multidimensional CPs were blessed as the reusable and recyclable heterogeneous catalysts.
Studies on the mechanism of the thermal degradation of polymers and polymeric materials shall include an inherent part dedicated to the kinetic analysis. Results of numerous studies in the area of kinetic investigations lead to the conclusion that the actual mechanism of a thermal process, including the true values of the kinetic triplet [the activation energy Ea, the preexponential factor A, and the model function f(α)] cannot be determined properly from the kinetic analysis of a single thermogravimetric trace. Recommended procedures include the complimentary use of an isoconversional method to determine the activation energy value at no less than three different temperature programs, and the linear or nonlinear model-fitting to fit the kinetic model to the experimental data by solving a set of (differential) equations describing the kinetic models and their combinations. The calculated kinetic parameters of the thermal degradation process provide useful information for the optimization of the successive treatment of the polymer materials to avoid or at least limit thermal degradation, and they help to develop efficient recycling routes for growing amounts of postconsumer plastic wastes. Importantly, kinetic parameters may be utilized to predict the course of thermally activated polymer decomposition processes in extrapolated time, temperature, and conversion range, and to provide reliable service life predictions.
Nowadays, many FRP manufacturing plants are fabricating fiber-reinforced products, using various fibers. During the fabrication of components, a large amount of FRP waste is generated in different stages during cutting and finishing. This non-decomposing solid waste containing toxic species creates the problem of disposal. This chapter provides scope to utilize the waste glass fiber in composite development. We include an overview of the problem related to industrial waste, recycling, different methods for separating fibers from waste, development of suitable polymer composite by using this waste, and some results of remarkable studies on mechanical and tribological characteristics and possible applications of waste glass fiber. The reported studies confirm that waste glass fiber can be used to develop valuable products in various fields.
Polymer composites have been appeared as an appealing candidate in sensor application owing to their facile synthesis strategies, light-weight as well as tunable microstructural and physicochemical attributes. The variation of different organic and inorganic polymer composites and their effect on alcohol sensing attributes and its performance is discussed here. Further, the plausible mechanism for alcohol sensing and selectivity towards a particular type of alcohol by the developed polymeric composite sensor is explored. In recent, cost effective and wearable electrochemical and optical alcohol sensor device become a buzzing word in physiological diagnosis and security.
Functional organic materials are mainly constituted of conductive polymers (CPs) and polymer composites. CPs are characterized by being compatible materials for biomolecule immobilization, having low cost, and possessing distinctive electrical and physical properties. Thus these materials are the first-choice materials in various applications such as solar cells, supercapacitors, biomedical systems, electronic devices, batteries, and sensors. CPs are converted into composite materials by incorporating metal oxides, metals, or carbon-based materials into them for improving the performance of these materials. CPs have been extensively applied over a wide range of variable electrochemical sensor and biosensor fabrication. CPs and their related composite materials are widely used for making electrochemical sensors. In addition, these materials are used for sensing hazardous gases in combination with some intelligent sensing systems, and this has been a focus of current research due to the fact that the surrounding gas contains many hazardous gas mixtures that are unhealthy for humans and other living beings. Various nanomaterials, including graphene-based nanocomposites, find a wide spectrum of applications in supercapacitors, biosensors, corrosion, and solar-cell related fields. Therefore this chapter deals with the description of electrochemical sensor, gas sensor, and biosensor fabrication and the mechanisms of the commonly used and important conductive polymer composite materials. This chapter also provides a comprehensive discussion of the processing and application of conductive polymer-based composites, graphene-based composites, and nanocomposites in sensors and other related functions.
In plasma polymerization the organic precursors polymerize in a plasma environment to form a solid, oil, or powder.
Friction and wear of materials are worldwide issues, affecting everything from simple tools to industrial machine components, medical equipment, and microelectrochemical and nanomechanical systems. Tribological interactions are thought to account for 23% of the world’s total energy consumption. The issues posed by friction and material wear have prompted the development of new technologies aimed at lowering the high cost of maintaining machinery while also improving the wear resistance of materials.
The aim of this chapter is to explain the tribological behavior of polymer-based graphene materials in order to enable a beneficial introduction of those materials into actual applications based on test campaigns and their findings. Graphene has gained a lot of interest because of its exceptional mechanical, thermal, chemical, and electrical characteristics. The importance of the graphene polymer composite composition and test parameters is emphasized in this study. The mechanisms within the tribolayer of polymer-based materials and their counterparts are also presented. Graphene also offers a high potential for usage as an ultra-thin protective covering for a variety of precision components due to its higher strength. It has been demonstrated that various graphene coatings may be utilized successfully to reduce friction and wear in nano-, micro-, and macro-mechanical applications.
Graphene is a two-dimensional nanomaterial that has between one and ten layers of sp2-hybridized carbon atoms arranged in six-membered rings. It has impressive properties including high electron mobility, large specific surface area, high thermal conductivity, greater Young’s modulus, high fracture strength, and high optical transmittance. These properties make graphene a great potential application in energy conversion and storage devices, reinforced composites, sensors, catalysis, photonic, photovoltaic, bio-application, and biomedicines. The applications have triggered a new path in the chemical and physical modification of graphene-based materials. In this chapter, various synthesis techniques for graphene-based materials, such as mechanical/micromechanical exfoliation, electrochemical synthesis, plasma discharge etching, chemical vapor deposition, epitaxial growth on silicon carbide, and unzipping carbon nanotubes, are reviewed. Synthesis of functionalized graphene by modifying carbon’s bandgap and increasing graphene’s specific surface area is also discussed. Hence, synthesizing graphene-based composites with precise techniques captures a flagship position in various scientific developments and technology utilizations.
In this chapter, the mechanical behavior of supramolecular assemblies of two-dimensional (2D) materials simulated using coarse-graining (CG) modeling approaches is discussed. Taking graphene as an exemplary system of 2D materials, four different CG models of graphene and graphene oxide with distinct mapping schemes and parameterizations are introduced. The applications of these CG models to simulate supramolecular assemblies, such as 3D foams or nacre-inspired graphene-polymer nanocomposites, are discussed. First, the crumpling behaviors of pristine graphene and graphene with defects are reviewed, emphasizing the role of adhesion in the crumpling process. Next, the modeling of 3D graphene foams is discussed, in particular the effects of temperature on their structural, dynamic, and mechanical responses. Following the foams, multilayer graphene assemblies (MLGs) are introduced, and the role of strain localization effects and energy dissipation mechanisms are discussed. Finally, we will discuss how CG models can be used to reveal the strengthening role of 2D materials in nanocomposites (i.e., toughness, and mechanical and viscoelastic properties). The examples presented in this chapter highlight the capability of multiscale CG modeling toward unraveling the complex behaviors of supramolecular assemblies of 2D materials.
This chapter sheds light on the pros and cons of the implication of carbonaceous nanofillers in the context of aerospace. Carbonaceous nanoparticles such as carbon nanotube, graphene, nanodiamond, fullerene, carbon black, etc. have opened new stimulating research capacities in space nanoscience and nanotechnology. Carbonaceous nanofillers possess unique intrinsic structural, mechanical, thermal, electrical, optical, and other meritorious properties, useful for multifunctional space architectures. Even very low nanofiller contents have been found effective in improving the matrix characteristics using various processing strategies. Although these nanoparticles have been found extremely promising in aerospace arenas, the application of the nanofillers have been limited because of dispersion and compatibility concerns. In this regard, the functionalization of carbonaceous nanofiller has been considered important to improve the dispersion and compatibility with the polymers. Consequently, this chapter focuses on the vital facets of the important types of nanocarbons, nanofiller modification, and the distribution tendencies in the matrices.
Previously, metals have been utilized in the construction of aerospace structures. Advancements in aerospace science and technology had turned this industry toward the use of polymers. Combination of polymers with fillers has resulted in the development and use of high-performance composite materials. Polymeric composites possess several advantageous properties relative to the neat polymers and metal-based structures. Epoxy, phenolic, polyester, polyamide, polyimide, polycarbonate, and a range of other polymers have been frequently used as aeronautical matrices. The most common and important type of fillers used in these composites include fibers such as carbon fiber, glass fibers, and aramid fibers. Fiber-reinforced polymeric composites have garnered massive attention in aerospace engineering. Hence, this introductory chapter explains the important aspects of polymers, fillers, and composite materials in aerospace engineering. Composite materials have been applied in numerous primary and secondary structural parts of aerospace structures. A number of studies have defined numerous high-performance commercial composites for future high-tech aerospace industry.
Smart polymers (SP) are a class that differs from conventional polymers due to rapid transition in their physicochemical state in response to the external environment. The focused attention of SPs is due to their tunable structural and functional potential. The classification of these polymers is based upon the variety of environmental stimuli. This includes temperature, pH, light, enzymatic reaction, pressure, electric/magnetic field, etc. The properties of SPs can be modified during polymer synthesis through alteration in the chain structure. The smart behavior of these polymers allows their exploration in wide applications, including drug delivery, tissue engineering, tissue repair, and various sensors. Although significant advancements have taken place with SP, there are still a few limitations associated with their use that need to be addressed before their successful utilization. This includes fast responsiveness under in vivo conditions, dose quantification in case of drug delivery applications, biocompatibility, and biodegradability. The current chapter consists of a detailed section of temperature, pH, light, enzymatic sensitive polymer. The selected stimuli are based upon their maximum utilization in the research area, ease of polymer designing, and better effectiveness for placement under in vivo conditions. The chapter also includes the vast application and potential outcomes of these SPs.
Polymeric gels appear as functional polymers frequently used in biotechnology. When biotechnological usage of the polymeric gels was investigated, many areas such as the design of drug transport systems, usage as a column material in biochromatographic separation processes, usage as a scaffold in artificial organ development, sensor technologies, and membrane design in wastewater treatment systems can be considered. Even though polymeric gels have so many research areas, their poor porosity control in the design, observing limited mechanical performance, and slow responses in the systems they are integrated cause the need of synthesizing polymeric gels from a different perspective and thus improve their structure. Cryogelation and cryocopolymerization techniques could overcome those limitations in polymeric gel synthesis. Cryogels that are formed by cryogelation process are smart gels that have interconnected macropores with high rigid and stable polymeric structures. This chapter includes the preparation technique of the cryogels and how the cryogelation technique affects the structure of the gels. The precursors that are used in the cryogel synthesis starting from monomers, monomer mixtures, as well as from polymers and the mechanism of the cryogelation process are reviewed using recent examples from literature. In addition, the applications of cryogels in the biotechnological field were researched. Among these applications, how cryogels are used in biomedical applications and their functions in the biomedical area were investigated in detail.
This chapter examines the advancement in the manufacturing of polymer composites, which defines and explores the effects of various types of fillers on composite characteristics. The general requirements for the development of polymer nanocomposites for biomedical applications are briefly discussed. Different polymer nanocomposite systems are used in diversified fields for the manufacturing of biological enthused materials. Carbon nanotubes, graphene, metal nanocomposites along with hydroxide structures, ceramic nanostructures, and piezoelectric composites are biocompatible and non-toxic and thus have been widely studied to enhance the life span of tissues with the support of nanoparticles, preparation of surgical equipments, and in biosensors. Owing to the properties of polymer nanocomposites, they are best suitable to be used in biomedical applications. Inorganic materials like nanoclays explore the path for the discovery of novel polymer nanocomposite materials with adjustable characteristics that might be used in biomedical applications.
Polymer nanocomposites are a new class of composite materials containing inorganic nanoparticles dispersed in organic polymer matrix to improve its performance properties. Polymer nanocomposites have two components: polymer and the nano-fillers. The introduction of nano-fillers into the polymer matrix combines the advantages of both the materials. Polymer nanocomposite may be classified based on the morphology of the obtained polymer nanocomposites, dimension of nanomaterials, thermal response, and class of polymers. Polymer nanocomposites can be prepared by many methods, but the most common methods are solution dispersion, in situ polymerization, and melt extrusion. Polymer nanocomposites display excellent properties such as magnetic efficiency, electrical properties, and barrier resistance. The important advantages of polymer nanocomposites are due to increased stiffness, increased resistance to fire, increased thermal and dimensional stability, good optical properties, and improved barrier effect. Owing to extraordinary properties and potential applications, polymer nanocomposites are utilized in different emerging areas such as in medical, electrical, catalytic, sensors, and environmental fields.
Sustainable and affordable food packaging is a prerequisite for world food markets. Several plastic-based packaging approaches are functional during the transport and storing of food products as an orthodox packaging approach. Owing to food safety and quality, consumers’ preference, and shelf-life issues, conventional plastic-based packaging are highly discouraged. Thus, polymer-based nanocomposites are considered as potential alternatives to conventional food packaging toward innovative packaging of food materials. Several nanocomposites such as nanoparticles, nanotubes, nanoclays, nanoproteins, nanosheets, nanopolymers, and nanocarbohydrates are used in the food packaging market to replace petroleum-based plastic packaging throughout the world. However, the assessment of various nanocomposites in terms of food contact, microbial, and hygiene safety is still under investigation. Although biodegradable nanocomposites have multifunctional benefits to enhance the packaging of foods over the traditional packaging, food safety and compatibility of these nanocomposites are not explored vastly. Additionally, the merger of various polymers and their nanocomposites is in the initial research phase due to the incompatibility of heterogeneous chemical properties. Therefore, a customized and technological advancement is necessary to sustain the application of polymer nanocomposites as a sustainable packaging alternative for food products. This study emphasizes the contemporary trends and prospects of polymer nanocomposites for safe and affordable food packaging along with challenges toward innovative and state-of-the-art packaging developments.
Polymeric nanocomposites are swiftly emerging as a unique class of materials for a variety of applications, ranging from the detection of different chemicals to light-harvesting improvement in solar cells. The dispersion of the various nanoparticles (NP) in a polymeric matrix leads to a hybrid material, whose robustness, responsiveness, and flexibility are improved whereas the intrinsic features of both the components remain intact. In this chapter, we briefly discuss the synthesis and applications of various types of polymeric nanocomposites, focusing on applications in biomedical, water purification, energy storage, sensing, and optics. Within the nanocomposites, the nanoporosity of the matrix, the overall mechanical stability and the dispersion of the NP are the key factors for obtaining the best performance.
Polymer nanocomposites are multiphase solid materials formed by one or more polymer matrices and nanometric reinforcing phases having 1, 2, or 3 dimensional structures within the size of nanomaterial. Normally polymer composite materials (PNCs) involve polymer matrices because they are easy to process, shape, have reasonable mechanical properties, and allow for controlled surface and interfacial chemistry. Small size of nanoparticles is of immense importance due to which they impart high surface-to-volume ratio and provide high-energy surfaces. The desirable results of embedding nanoparticles into a polymer matrix extensively enhance the bonding between the polymer matrix and filler, resulting from the nanoparticles’ high interfacial energy. Classical composite theory predicts that improved bonding between the polymer matrix and the reinforcing phase leads to improved mechanical properties. Recently, the polymeric material modified with nanosized reinforcement material has attracted scientific and industrial societies for their outstanding applications. The nanosized material being used are layered silicates, graphite nanosheets, carbon nanotubes (CNTs), metal oxide, and titanate. These materials enhance the properties of polymer material in an engineered way, and they are needed in a very low concentration. The nanostructured reinforcement materials are used generally for the enhancement of properties like increased tensile strength, modulus, hardness and fracture toughness, decreased gas permeability, lower gas flammability, improved thermal stability, and specific heat resistivity. Besides the other properties of CNTs, their excellent mechanical strength and thermal and electrical conductivity make them ideal reinforcing fillers for several polymer matrices. The PNCs obtained by modification of polymer with CNTs possesses exceptionally high electrical and thermal conductivities while the polymer matrix properties (including elasticity, strength, and modulus) remain intact.
Polyaniline, polypyrrole, and polythiophene are intrinsically conducting polymers, which exhibit excellent electronic conductivity, electrochemical properties, high mechanical and thermal stabilities along with environmental stability. It’s reversible doping–dedoping process and stable electrical conduction with various dopants make it a potential candidate for the detection of various oxidizing (NO2, NO, CO etc.) and reducing gases (NH3, H2S, LPG etc.) even at ppm level. Host–guest chemistry combined with the utilization of organic and inorganic analogs in nanocomposite may improve the sensor performance due to synergetic/complementary effects. Polymer-based gas sensors exhibit high stability, excellent sensitivity, selectivity, and high gas response with lower detection limits. This chapter provides a brief description of the current status of conducting polymer-based gas sensors highlighting the properties and current breakthrough developments in the area of gas sensors.
Among fluid flows practiced in industrial processes, extensional and shear flows are important ones. Measurements of extensional viscosity ηE of liquid foods are important in structural characterization, process and quality control of products, and process modeling and design. These measurements are incomparably more difficult than for the shear viscosity, because of variation of sample dimensions in time when the sample is extended at a constant strain rate. This chapter discusses the methods for measuring the extensional viscosity of fluids with low and high viscosities. Measurements of extensional viscosity are made not only with commercial apparatus but also with special custom-built devices. Measurements of ηE of fluids having a viscosity lower than 1Pa/s are particularly troublesome. In addition, typical results of measurements of polymer solutions, emulsions, and other fluids will be presented, as well as the theoretical basis related to the issue of extensional viscosity.
Viral infections are a major health problem worldwide and they are responsible for the high rate of mortality. Most of the drugs used to treat viral infections suffer from drug resistance and toxicity. To overcome the drug resistance, the antiviral drugs are administered in combination of two or more for enhanced therapeutic efficacy. Furthermore, the use of drug delivery systems and the development of hybrid molecules containing two or more antiviral drugs has been reported by several researchers as potential approaches for the development of effective antiviral agents. Metal-based nanoparticles are also effective against viral infections, revealing their potential application for the development of antiviral agents. This chapter reports the efficacy of hybrid molecules, drug delivery systems incorporated with antiviral agents, and metal-based nanoparticles in the treatment of viral infections.
Research on electrochemical biosensors that use biomolecules as biorecognition elements is about to reach 60 years since its inception. In recent years, biosensors have attracted attention in a wide range of fields such as food science, environmental science, and medicine. Knowledge of enzymes, immobilization methods, and conductive compounds is essential in designing new enzyme biosensors; thus, this chapter focuses on these discussions from an enzymatic and organic chemistry perspective. Most of the enzymes used in biosensors are oxidoreductases, including oxidases and dehydrogenases, and hydrolases are often used in combination with oxidoreductases. Enzyme immobilization methods include covalent bonding, crosslinking, adsorption, affinity bonding, and entrapment, which are branched into more detailed methods. Electron-transfer mediators and conducting organic polymers have become explosives that produce a wide variety of enzyme biosensors. In particular, third-generation biosensors based on the principle of direct electron transfer have made remarkable progress in recent years, and their future prospects are drawing attention.
Up to this moment, an uprising demand in downstream processing by incorporate innovative, effective, and reliable extraction methods as plenty effort and progression in the upstream production have led to advancement in the biomanufacturing industry. Previously, deployment of conventional downstream technologies has been a hindrance due to high cost, time-consuming, low yield, detrimental, noneco-friendly, lack of simplicity, and difficulties in scaling-up. A new emerging liquid–liquid extraction technology by means the polymer–salt aqueous two phases system for the recovery of biomolecules such as proteins, DNA, and nucleic acids, virus-like particles, and drug residues in food and water. Moreover, the partition coefficient of polyethylene glycol (PEG) 6000-phosphate aqueous two-phase system (ATPS) increased by 62-fold by adding NaCl which results in the recovery of proteins from 90% to 95% in a single purification step. Besides, plasmid DNA successfully recovered by 67% in the PEG-rich phase and managed to partition the contaminants toward the salt-rich phase. The total recovery of 90% from the separation of adenoviral vectors in HEK 293 cells using PEG-ammonium sulfate ATPS. In addition, the recovery of drug residues from food and water corresponds to recovery rate of 96%–100% which is safe for human consumption. This review discusses the following basic mechanism and working principles of ATPS. Factors affecting the partitioning behavior of biomolecules for instance, PEG molecular weight, PEG concentration, system pH, effect of temperature, hydrophobicity, and addition of salt are presented. Future consideration and modification to allow further improvement toward reliable large-scale extraction and purification of biomolecules.
The research on procedures to synthesize the azetidine ring has advanced extraordinarily during the last few years. Numerous novel heteroatom-substituted ketenes are used efficiently in the Staudinger reaction. The development of a catalyzed reaction of ketenes and imines resulted in a practical method for the catalytic, asymmetric synthesis of β-lactams. Many important advancements have been seen in cyclization and cycloaddition approaches for the formation of β-lactams. The cycloadditions include Staudinger’s ketene-imine cycloadditions and related reactions.
Resistive memory devices based on organic materials embedded with polymers have attracted growing attention in modern electronic and optoelectronic devices. Herein, a simple and cost effective methods are employed for the successful synthesis of graphene oxide (GO) and reduced graphene oxide (rGO) and exploited for non-volatile resistive memory application. Resistive switching characteristics of rGO-PVDF polymer nanocomposites (PNCs) sandwiched between top electrode copper (Cu) and bottom electrode (ITO/PET), is investigated here and the fabricated device Cu/rGO-PVDF/ITO shows excellent bipolar resistive switching behavior. The device shows VSET ∼ -5.61 V and VRESET ∼ 5.99 V, with ION/IOFF ∼ 102. Different optical, structural, and morphological investigations are also reported here to analyze the material behaviour.
Polymer nanocomposites are lighter in weight as compared to the traditionally bigger size filler-loaded composites. Moreover, polymer nanocomposites show enhancement in properties with small fractions of nanoparticles. In certain cases, a high fraction of nanoparticles is needed to incorporate the required properties significantly. In most of the theoretical and simulation studies of polymeric systems, the polymer chain is modeled as ideal freely-jointed chains, thereby neglecting the effects of chain stiffness. We study a system of semiflexible polymers containing 50% volume fraction of nanoparticles using Polymer Reference Interaction Site Model (PRISM) theory. In the absence of chemical anisotropy, these systems undergo a disordered fluid phase to a macrophase-separated state. The phase transition of these systems is favored by an increase in the persistence length of the polymer chain. At lower values of persistence lengths, a slight increase in the persistence length results in a sharp decrease in the critical packing fraction. However, for longer persistence lengths, an increase in the persistence length barely affects the critical packing fraction. Studies of the local structure of these systems show that an increase in persistence length increases the polymer–polymer contacts and polymer-nanoparticle contacts. On the contrary, nanoparticle-nanoparticle contact initially increases suddenly, then decreases slightly at longer persistence lengths.
Over the past decades, revolutionary progress has been made in textile technologies. We can distinguish interactive products, known as smart textiles, which change their properties in response to external stimuli, and noninteractive products that meet exactly given functions. In this chapter, the basic classifications and working principles of piezoelectric materials are reported, followed by the discussion of recent development in material selections, fabrication techniques, and structural design as a smart textile application in wearable technology. In addition, recent accomplishments in the ferroelectric polymer field, with special focus on polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) polymer, are discussed. Also, a brief collection of the fiber-based self-powered device is introduced. Challenges, opportunities, and guideline for future development in the fiber-based piezoelectric generators are summarized at the end.
The fields of coordination polymers, metal-organic frameworks and hybrid organic-inorganic perovskites are dominated by the crystalline state. This chapter surveys the formation, characterization, properties and applications of non-crystalline materials formed from these materials. The mechanism of collapse of frameworks under external stimuli such as shear stress or hydrostatic pressure is summarized using both in-situ and ex-situ studies on a range of materials, and the resultant physical and chemical properties of the amorphous solids thus formed are placed into context with their crystalline precursors. The melting of several examples in different hybrid framework families is discussed, and shown to be consistent with existing inorganic systems. Characteristics of the glasses produced upon quenching are discussed, alongside prototypical studies which detail high-pressure high-temperature diagrams of MOFs. Finally, some perspectives on this emerging field are given.
As exemplified by recent clinical approval of RNA drugs including the latest COVID-19 mRNA vaccines, RNA therapy has demonstrated great promise as an emerging medicine. Central to the success of RNA therapy is the delivery of RNA molecules into the right cells at the right location. While the clinical success of nanotechnology in RNA therapy has been limited to lipid-based nanoparticles currently, polymers, due to their tunability and robustness, have also evolved as a class of promising material for the delivery of various therapeutics including RNAs. This article overviews different types of polymers used in RNA delivery and the methods for the formulation of polymeric nanoparticles and highlights recent progress of polymeric nanoparticle-based RNA therapy.
Nanomaterial applications on textiles are reviewed in this article, to recognize representative mile stones in past decades. This wide topic is discussed in three divided sections: assembly of nanomaterials on textile surfaces, assembly of nanomaterials inside textile fibers, formation of fibers and yarns from nanofibrils. Because most of nanomaterials behave their advantageous properties on surfaces, their assembly on textile surfaces are contributed the most pages with subsections. Various assembling/fabricating approaches are described in listed examples, to allow readers easily understand this interdisciplinary engineering field. Besides significant achievements, critical comments and perspectives are also provided for this essential area.
The development of nanoscience and nanotechnology depends on the advancement of characterization methods in the nanoscale. Neutron scattering is a powerful and unique nondestructive technique providing statistically averaged information on nanostructures and nanophenomena. In spite of the relatively low flux, neutron scattering methods have proven indispensible because of their powerful abilities in contrast matching, magnetic scattering, highly penetrating, in situ measurements, etc. In this article, the fundamental concepts of different kinds of neutron scattering methods are introduced. The subsequent case studies demonstrate the successful applications of various neutron scattering methods in characterizing nanomaterials and nanophenomena.
Thermoelectric materials which can realize direct energy conversion between heat and electricity are used for solid-state energy harvesting or local cooling. Classically, various inorganic compounds based on Te and Pb have been considered as excellent thermoelectric materials due to their high electrical conductivity and Seebeck coefficient. Apart from inorganic materials, thermoelectric polymers are receiving great attention because of their low density, low cost of fabrication, mechanical flexibility, and low or no chemical toxicity. The energy conversion efficiency of organic thermoelectric materials has been greatly improved and is now even comparable to inorganic compounds. This article provides the recent progress of organic thermoelectric composites. Herein, organic nanocomposites with conductive carbonaceous fillers are discussed. It focuses on the strategies for enhancing thermoelectric performances with commonly used conjugated polymers, the influence of nanofiller network structures on electrical and thermal properties, and doping/de-doping techniques of organic composites. In addition, the applications of modularized organic energy harvesters are also given.
Conjugated or conducting polymers have conducting main chain structure due to the π-conjugation system, leading to semiconducting properties. The conjugated polymers have light weight, processability, chemical resilience, thermal stability, and eco-friendly characteristics, in addition to the conductivity properties. Upon doping or additive inclusion, the conjugated polymers may have superior features relative to the neat polymers. Fullerene has been used as an important additive for conductive polymeric matrices. Common conjugated polymers such as polyaniline, polypyrrole, polythiophene, and derived polymers have been reinforced with fullerene nano-additives, and conjugated polymer/fullerene nanocomposites have been designed using various chemical, electrochemical, in situ, solution, and other polymerization techniques. Conjugated polymer/fullerene nanocomposites have found a significant role in energy-related technical applications. Future research regarding the structure, morphology, essential properties, and applications of conjugated polymer/fullerene nanocomposites is desirable to overcome the challenges and make further progress in this field.
The impact of covalently grafted or linked polymer/fullerene nanocomposites is discussed in this chapter. The grafting of the polymer and fullerene is usually the result of covalent bonding. Covalently linked nanocomposites may have better fullerene dispersion and interfacial interactions in the matrix-nanofiller. Fullerene molecules have been grafted with various polymers such as conjugated polymers, thermoplastics, copolymers, and block copolymers. The covalently grafted polymer/fullerene nanocomposites may form star shape or dendritic structures. It is believed that covalently interconnecting polymer/fullerene nanocomposites possess superior features, providing high-performance nanocomposites.
The nanoball is a unique spherical nanostructure having a large surface area, high chemical stability, electrical conductivity, and a range of advantageous physical properties. The nanoball nanostructures are of various types, including carbonaceous nanoball (graphene nanoball (fullerene), carbon nanoball), polymer nanoball, and inorganic nanoball. Owing to its exceptional properties, nanoball has gained enormous attention as a polymeric nanofiller. Consequently, polymer nanocomposites have been designed with carbonaceous and inorganic nanoball nanofillers. In this chapter, a discussion of the principles of design, morphology, and the optical, electrical, electrochemical, catalytic, mechanical, thermal, capacitance, detection, photovoltaic, and other physical properties of nanocomposites is presented. Polymer/nanoball nanocomposites have been used in sensor, supercapacitor, and dye-sensitized solar cell applications.
Poly(lactic acid) (PLA) has been considered a potential alternative to some of the petroleum-based polymers and an upcoming circular green material with little environmental impact. This chapter covers the introduction and production of PLA, its physical properties, and its benefits, followed by the creation of functional PLA and its applications. To further understand the sustainability of PLA, life cycle assessments (LCAs) and the more recent strategies of end-of-life approaches will be discussed. Finally, the future perspective and outlook of this circular biopolymer will provide insights into a future sustainable circular economy.
Polymer nanocomposites have been an interest of research for more than 3decades. This chapter provides a deeper understanding of how implemented nanofillers affect the chemical, biological, mechanical, and physical properties of polymer nanocomposites by critically reviewing two primary aspects of nanofillers—preparation and properties. Adding a small percentage (10wt%.) of specifically treated nanoscale particles to a range of polymers can significantly improve polymer qualities such as heat resistance, barrier performance, strength, stiffness, dimensional stability, and flame retardancy. Polymer nanocomposites fall into three categories based on nanofiller shape: (1) one-dimensional, (2) two-dimensional, and (3) three-dimensional, where all the particles are within the nanoscale range. This chapter first briefly introduces polymer nanocomposites, including polymer nanocomposite types and their applications in numerous fields. Then, the preparation of polymer nanocomposites and nanofillers is presented. Finally, nanofiller properties are thoroughly reviewed—including structure, type, and physical and chemical characteristics.
Within decades of their development, nanostructured fillers like carbon nanomaterials, metal nanoparticles, alumina, clay, and their combined nanofillers have been widely applied in polymer materials industries, producing a series of fascinating multifunctional composites for portable electronic devices, sports, entertainment, and the arts, as well as for automotive, aerospace, and military applications. Among the various material properties of composites, electrical conductivity is the key parameter for assessing the efficacy of nanofillers in polymer matrices. This chapter focuses on the electrical characteristics of various dimensional nanofillers—such as clay, metal nanoparticles, carbon nanotubes, and nanofibers—used to reinforce polymer composites as we seek the most practical and efficient method to produce high-performance polymeric nanocomposites.
In the oil and gas industry, pipelines are the major avenue of transporting gas and liquids on land. There are other options, such as transportation by railroads or by trucking, but they tend to cost orders of magnitude more than pipeline transportation. The pipelines are the “arteries” that carry the bulk of the crude production from the producing fields to the storage hubs such as Cushing, Oklahoma, then are transported further via other pipelines to refineries or export terminals in the coastal areas. Pipelines are used to carry the bulk of refined products such as gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel from refineries to the major population centers. Sometimes the installed pipeline transportation infrastructure is not enough to meet the transportation needs. The development of pipeline drag reduction using long-chain high molecular weight polymers has become an important tool to allow pipeline companies to transport increasing amounts of liquids using existing infrastructure with limited capital improvements. A pipeline operator can more than double the current throughput capacity by using this technology. It is estimated that more than 80% of the pipelines in North America use this technology. This chapter will examine the background development of the technology as well as the theories of how they work and finally some general engineering concepts for the users of this technology to estimate and utilize the throughput improvements.
This review article begins with a comparative overview of the configurations, materials, fabrication methods, and energy conversion efficiency of polymer and perovskite solar cells' photovoltaic performances. Firstly, there has been a significant increase in the adoption of solar cells due to the growing need for renewable and clean energy. Among all photovoltaic technologies, polymer and perovskite solar cells have garnered considerable attention owing to their potential to be affordable, lightweight, easy to manufacture, and quick charging. Research on polymer solar cells has spanned over two decades, whereas the use of perovskite solar cells is just eight years old. This expanding topic offers a wealth of information to readers interested in polymers and perovskite. As a basic comparison, the best power conversion efficiency results are 21.6 percent for a 1 cm2 perovskite solar cell and 15.2 percent for polymer solar cells. Finally, this article recommends necessary improvements and future research areas in polymer and perovskite solar cells.
Every year, many people suffer from bone fractures because of accidents or diseases. Majority of these fractures are too complicated to be treated with conventional medicine and must be mended surgically using non-degradable metal inserts. Such treatment may result in refusal and protection against stress, but may also require another surgical procedure to get rid of the metal inserts. Additionally, biodegradable metals that can readily erode inside the human body come with certain complications. These aspects prompted scientists to find alternatives to metals. Some researchers began to focus on the field of polymers which have shown significant promise in replacing metals. In orthopaedics, degradable polymeric fixation appliances are being studied to substitute metallic implants, eliminating stress protection and avoiding another implant removal surgery. The new generation of bioabsorbable and degradable polymeric implants are free from toxic and mutagenic effects. Nevertheless, these implants have several issues, including mechanical stiffness and strength limitations, unfavourable tissue responses, foreign body reactions, the late response of degraded tissue, and infection due to crystallinity and hydrophobicity. This review discusses the alternative synthetic polymer implant materials available that can be employed and their properties.
Nano-inks, which are usually formed by dispersing a nanostructured material in some solvent, have shown great promise as security inks that can be used to develop anticounterfeiting technologies. A variety of nanomaterials such as carbon-based zero-dimensional materials (carbon dots and graphene quantum dots), semiconductor quantum dots, lanthanide nanocrystals, nano-polymers, nanostructured perovskites, metal organic frameworks have been investigated for potential applications as security inks. Nanostructured material-based inks are preferred as security inks owing to their unique and robust photophysical properties, ease of functionalization, fast stimulus-responsive system, and cost-effectiveness. Different types of luminescence observed in a wide variety of nanoscale materials are usually employed to make security marks that are invisible under visible light but become distinct under some external stimuli. Based on this simple principle, high-security data encryption and decryption with nano-inks have been demonstrated. In this chapter, we discuss the various types of nanostructure-based security-inks developed, their strengths and limitations, projected applications, and the governing mechanisms of each application.
Several Alkali Surfactant Polymer (ASP) pilot facilities are currently being put into operation across India. The physicochemical parameters of the process water play an important role in the success of ASP flood to improve the recovery. In the current study treated effluent from an effluent treatment plant (ETP) is used as process water for the ASP pilot. The ETP sample water collected shows a lack of improvement in quality in terms of iron content, higher total suspends solids (TSS), high turbidity, and low filterability. The process water has calcium (as Ca + ) 60 mg/L and magnesium (as Mg2 + ) 33 mg/L. These ions are critical in the ASP designing process. The increase in the rate of filtration was determined by plotting the rate of filtration against the cumulative volume (Cerini filtration). The MTSN values were observed to be −1.35 and −1.09. The RPI values are 7.15 and 2.60 at two different time periods. The sample collected showed a lack of improvement in quality. This tube well water after filtration was best suited for ASP flooding. However, the high concentration of calcium results in the formation of calcium carbonate in addition to sodium carbonate (to be used as alkali for ASP). Hence calcium should be removed by softening the process water in the softening plant. The water was treated in the laboratory with a calculated amount of sodium carbonate to remove calcium and magnesium. Which comes out to be 0.30 gm/l of water. After treatment water was filtered and calcium and magnesium concentrations were determined. The calcium concentration was calculated 13 mg/l as compared to 60 mg/l in treated water.
Supercapacitors (SCs) have been established globally for energy-holding units with an astonishing power density that reveal ultrahigh capacitance with long cycles. Wonderful precise surface area, mechanical and chemical characteristics, and low cost are the principal criteria are that needed for SCs electrode materials. The graphene-based polymer composite materials have the capabilities to pursue these challenging tenders in SCs and endorse energy storage equipment due to their striking qualities, such as incredible mechanical behavior, tremendously tunable surface area, notable chemical stability, and extraordinary electrical conductivity. This chapter summarizes current expansion on graphene-derivative composites for SC electrodes, based on their macrostructural involvness, that is, nondimensional (0D) free-standing graphene dots, unidimensional (1D) fiber-type and yarn-type design, bidimensional (2D) graphene and graphene-based nanocomposite films, and multidimensional (3D) graphene foam and hydrogel-based nanomaterials. Such proposed expansions are fairly recommended for modifying the nanostructure and design of graphene-based materials to achieve an advanced electrochemical (EC) behavior. Polymers are swiftly adjusted into graphene for an entirety enhancement or new assets as SCs. In the current chapter numerous polymer-graphene composites that are engaged to create composite materials for SC electrode applications are evaluated and described. The commitments, policies, commerce, and enriched assets of graphene and polymer nanocomposites are also discussed. In conclusion, the recent improvements in graphene and polymers for designer SCs are also discussed.
This chapter mainly discusses the eco-friendly polymer nanocomposite, which is biodegradable and renewable, used as corrosion protective coatings. These ecological coatings are environment-friendly, sustainable, and degradable. Because of the addition of a natural polymer entity as a part or whole of the structure, they can easily be composed or disposed without harming the environment. However, there remains a concern on strength and recyclability of the synthetic parts of some natural composites used as eco-friendly polymer nanocoatings. In addition, composites manufactured with traditional production process become eco-friendly by extra reprocessing. The challenge posed by eco-friendly composites also needs considerable attention in terms of poor bonding between matrix and fillers, lose control of fiber orientation, and difficulty in shaping nanoscale particles. Yet, there are hundreds of natural polymers currently being tested and used as anticorrosive coatings; their performance and activity have been discussed in this chapter.
Due to the immense economic impact of corrosion, researchers and industry have worked to create more efficient coatings. These endeavors have resulted in the significant advancement of nanocomposite coatings made up of polymers and carbon nanostructures. Carbon-based nanoparticles have garnered considerable interest over the past two decades owing to their capability to exhibit superior tribological, mechanical, and electrical characteristics in numerous geometrical forms and proportions. The use of fullerene-C60 in the fabrication of nanocomposite coatings has lately gained widespread attention, assisting polymeric composites in enhancing their performance via the incorporation of nanofiller fortification into polymers as well as coatings. Fullerene-C60/polymer nanocomposites, in particular, exhibit improved anticorrosion and structural properties when compared to pure polymer components. Due to their distinctive aromatic nature and small diameter, in polymer reinforcement, fullerene C60 has been investigated as a nanofiller. Thus this chapter demonstrates how fullerene affects the mechanical characteristics of fullerene C60-epoxy nanocomposites, as well as the wear qualities of magnesium matrix composites.
Cardiovascular disorders are the leading risk factor and a common cause of death in a substantial proportion of the world’s population. The incidence of cardiovascular disease is growing due to a rise in diets high in saturated fat, salt, and sugar. It also occurs in people who live sedentary lifestyles and have obesity. Currently, the only choices for treating cardiovascular conditions are oral medications or invasive surgery. There is a tremendous need for new therapeutics in this field of medicine to enhance clinical care. Nanotechnology could make a major contribution to more successful disease treatment, better early diagnosis, and a lower risk of side effects. A wide range of theranostic nanosystems has been developed over the last few decades. The flexibility, adaptability, and biocompatibility of adequately formulated composites have been used to make remarkable development in drug delivery using polymeric theranostic nanosystems.
Solid-state batteries (SSBs) have great promise to address ever-growing demands for energy-storage technologies in our society, but their widespread adoption faces various challenges stemming from solid electrolytes (e.g., low bulk ionic conductivities) and their interfaces (e.g., poor electrode/electrolyte contacts). To tackle these issues, soft solid electrolytes have been developed. Among them, organic ionic plastic crystals (OIPCs) have been comparatively less studied, but OIPCs and their composites would be breakthrough materials in SSBs as they usually show complex ion-conduction behaviors that involve interphases often considered as liquid or disordered phases. This chapter outlines ion-conduction behaviors for the 10 categories of OIPC electrolytes (8 for Li+ systems and 2 for Na+ systems) to aid in understanding the effect of OIPC interphases on ion-transport properties. The pioneering demonstrations of OIPC electrolytes as solid-electrolyte membranes in solid-state symmetric cells are also reviewed, and their electrochemical performance is deciphered based on the ion-conduction behaviors of the OIPC electrolytes.
Polymer-matrix-based nanocomposites are newly classified as hybrid materials and had acquired the attention of the scientific community globally for the past 20years. The functional and structural characteristics of polymers can be improved by effectual approaches represented by polymer composites. The matrix of nanocomposite biomaterials consists of biopolymers and biologically degradable structures having nano-sized fillers that are easily reabsorbable and bioactive. Remarkable advancements are seen in the properties of the nanoparticles-reinforced polymer composites which is not possible with the use of any single polymer. The functional and mechanical characteristics of polymeric nanocomposites are based on the interaction among polymer matrix and nanofillers, also a combination of specific properties can be manufactured by controlling the interaction among polymer and nanostructure. This chapter deals with a detailed description of polymer-matrix nanocomposites and their processing methods. Polymers employed in fabrication are explicated in detail with potential applications in health-care sector.
The development and application of high-energy-density lithium-metal batteries to replace the traditional lithium-ion batteries are on the horizon, and solid electrolytes are the corner stones for achieving high-performance and safe lithium-metal batteries. This chapter aims to review the progress made on Li+-conducting solid electrolytes, including inorganic solid electrolytes, polymer solid electrolyte, and composite solid electrolytes, with an emphasis on their Li+ conduction mechanisms, electrochemical performances, and obstacles towards practical applications in lithium-metal batteries. Besides, the current status and future directions of research and development for different types of solid electrolytes are discussed.
Dielectric capacitors due to their ultrahigh power density capabilities are useful in pulsed power electronics. The operating voltage of dielectric capacitor depends on the intended application and, the concomitant enhancement in permittivity and electrical breakdown strength of dielectrics to improve their storage energy density properties would make them useful in wide range of applications. In this regard, the ferroelectric ceramic-polymer composites are the emerging class of dielectrics preserving enhanced dielectric properties of ceramic nanofillers and, high breakdown strength and flexibility of polymers. The polyvinylidene difluoride PVDF and barium calcium zirconium titanate BCZT composites are extensively explored due to excellent intrinsic ferroelectric properties of PVDF and BCZT leading to efficient energy storage in PVDF/BCZT composites. The main strategies to improve capacitive energy storage in polymer-nanocomposites include (i) tailoring shape and size of nanoceramics for enhanced electrical properties, (ii) surface-modifications on nanoceramics for better ceramic-polymer interfacial bonding, and (iii) novel synthesis techniques to feasible pathway for designing materials. This chapter includes the basics principle and importance energy storage capacitor and various parameters to evaluate capacitive energy storage in dielectrics. The development in dielectric materials and synthesis techniques dedicated to nanoparticles, polymers and polymer-nanocomposites appropriate to meet the requirements in energy storage application are discussed. Finally, the current approaches to achieve high-performance energy storage dielectrics are presented.
Cancer includes a range of diseases that arise as a result of the unregulated growth of malignant cells. Several chemotherapy drugs are toxic to healthy tissues and produce undesirable side effects. Nanoparticle-based cancer drug delivery presents a promising strategy to achieve high therapeutic efficiency of anticancer agents by providing protection during circulation and enhancing their bioavailability. PLGA nanoparticles are attractive candidates for tumor targeted therapy and imaging. Encapsulating drugs in PLGA matrices enables their slow release over a prolonged period of time, which leads to a reduced frequency of dose administration, reduced discomfort and peak associated adverse effects. Curcumin, derived from the medicinal plant Curcuma longa, which is available in India and China, has been studied as a therapeutic agent for a multitude of disorders including inflammatory and autoimmune conditions, diabetes, skin conditions, neurological and psychiatric disorders, and cancer This chapter summarizes the recent development and application of PLGA/curcumin nanoformulations in anticancer therapy, PLGA synthesis, their physicochemical properties, fabrication of PLGA nanoparticles, and curcumin-loaded PLGA nanoparticles are discussed as well as their functional properties toward different cancer types are also highlighted.
Fire accidents have been more common in recent years, resulting in significant losses of life and property. As a result, high-efficiency flame-retardant (FR) materials must be developed. Fires have recently been a major worry, resulting in several fatalities and disfiguring burns. FR has become a much more prominent aspect of polymers and technologies as a result of international focus on issues of safety. Because most natural fibers are flammable, the creation of an FR matrix is required. Electrospinning has recently been used to produce FR polymer compounds. Electrospinning has recently been used to produce FR polymer compounds. Nanofibers are made using the electrospinning method from synthetic or natural polymers. In addition, polymer fibers containing metal oxide nanoparticles exhibit different properties. Electrospinning may also be used to create well-dispersed nanofillers on the interior of a polymer to ensure proper FR dispersion. Electrospun fibers can be used for heat shielding. Finally, the goal of this chapter is to describe the features of FR polymer materials made by electrospinning, as well as the advantages of incorporating metal oxide into polymeric nanofibers to improve their FR properties.
Electrospun nanofibers have several uses. They are one of the safest nanomaterials because of their long lifetime. Polymeric and nonwoven membranes cannot match their surface-to-volume ratio, porosity, and flexibility, which are unrivaled by their traditional alternatives. Gas separation is a common industrial procedure. Commercial exhausts and routine activities may produce air pollution. Researchers have found environmental protection or governance opportunities using electrospun nanofibers with a high specific surface area, especially for fast gas pollutant collection. Here is a look at recent breakthroughs in electrospun nanofibers for gas filtration. The history and design principles of electrospinning are reviewed to better comprehend modern technology. Electrospinning-based framework construction methodologies and enhancements are also summarized. Additionally, the distinctive composition and structure of electrospun nanofibers that purify NOx, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide, and sulfur oxide are described.
Non-degradable polymers have significantly contributed to environmental pollution, which has emerged as one of the most serious threats to the modern civilized world. The problem is primarily caused by electronic and industrial wastes, toxic metals, halogenated organics, and so on. The majority of pollutants are invisible to human eyes, such as gas leaks from pipelines, natural gas exploration, pesticide manufacturing, and so on. Continuous gas leaks have also been a major contributor to the global problem of climate change. To address these issues, extensive research is being conducted on the development of biodegradable polymer nanocomposites. In recent years, the need for research on biodegradable polymer nanocomposites has been emphasized in order to address various issues such as environmental pollution, human health, and gas safety, among others. The majority of biodegradable polymer nanocomposites are biocompatible and are used for gas-sensing and bio-sensing applications. These nanocomposites are lightweight, malleable, and exhibit electrically conducting and dielectric properties. These nanocomposites are also used in the fabrication of gas sensors and bio-sensing devices as gas-sensing and bio-sensing materials. The current chapter provides a critical account of several biodegradable polymer nanocomposites, including their basic introduction, synthesis strategies, and eventual applications as materials for gas-sensing and bio-sensing applications. The chapter also discusses the underlying challenges and future prospects of this hot topic.
Polymers, with their appealing properties and widespread applications, have been a critical area of research since their inception. However, rising environmental concerns and the depletion of fossil reserves have raised concerns about traditional petroleum-based synthetic polymers. Furthermore, the growing awareness of environmental and economic concerns has piqued the interest of researchers in the development of biodegradable polymers. Furthermore, the abundant supply of renewable resources has been extensively researched in this area over the last two decades. These polymers derived from renewable resources are environmentally friendly. Because of their nontoxic and biodegradable properties, the biocompatibility of certain biodegradable polymers has sparked significant research interest in a variety of disciplines. Furthermore, the incorporation of various nanomaterials imparts fascinating properties to these polymers, broadening their range of applications. As a result of their desired tunable mechanical, physical, chemical, and biological properties, the demand for these biodegradable and biocompatible polymers, as well as their nanocomposites, is increasing exponentially. Natural polymers such as polysaccharide and protein, such as starch, cellulose, gelatin, chitin, collagen, and so on, are discussed here, as well as their properties and applications. This chapter also covers the synthesis, structure, and fundamental properties of bio-based polymers that are both biodegradable and biocompatible, such as polyesters, poly(ester amide)s, polyurethanes, poly(lactic acid), epoxy, and poly(butyl succinate). In addition, the chapter demonstrated the fabrication of biodegradable and biocompatible polymer nanocomposites, as well as their properties and applications. As a result, this chapter discusses the various synthetic pathways, fabrication methods, and approaches used in the production of these biodegradable and biocompatible polymers and their nanocomposites. Fundamental understanding of these polymer nanocomposites is required to use their basic assets in various industrial applications for a better, greener, and cleaner future.
The development of advanced and efficient gas separation technologies is critical not only for the recovery and production of essential gases for human life and industrial applications, but also for combating global warming and controlling the emission of unwanted industrial waste gases. Membranes have received significant attention as an emerging and competitive technology for dealing with complex gas components and addressing the cost- and energy-related issues associated with traditional separation technologies. Membranes, on the other hand, are constrained by the selectivity-permittivity tradeoff and the harsh environment in which they operate. The development of membranes with higher performance, stability, selectivity, and permeability at an affordable price requires the design and fabrication of new materials with on-demand properties. Polymer nanocomposites have recently shown great promise in addressing membrane limitations, improving gas separation efficiency, and enabling the selective separation of complex mixtures of gases. This chapter first describes the current state of gas separation processes, emphasizing the challenges and shortcomings of current technologies, and then summarizes the enormous efforts made to overcome the drawbacks of traditional gas separation methods. Recent advances in the synthesis and application of biodegradable polymer nanocomposites for gas separation are summarized, as are the separation mechanism and gas transport phenomena through polymer nanocomposite membranes. Variety of methods used for preparation and characterization of polymer nanocomposite membranes are discussed and their commercial applications are beriefly summarized.
Polymer nanocomposites are generating a lot of research interest because of their outstanding chemical, mechanical, electrical, and optical properties, as well as their fascinating applications in a variety of fields. Polymers’ significantly improved properties, even at low filler loading, make them promising candidates in the biomedical, aerospace, automotive, and electronic industries. Biodegradable polymers derived from renewable sources have gained popularity because they reduce the risk of producing plastic residues and e-waste, both of which cause environmental problems. Surprisingly, biodegradable and biocompatible polymers are now combined with nanofillers, resulting in remarkable improvements in properties. Diverse processing techniques are used to address issues such as nanofiller dispersion, alignment, and functionalization. This chapter discusses various methods of processing nanocomposites, as well as the factors that influence these techniques. Furthermore, it attempts to highlight the material properties of polymer nanocomposites as well as future research directions.
Biodegradable polymer nanocomposites are a diverse class of materials that include nanoscale elements introduced into a polymer matrix. These later have the property of being naturally disintegrated by microorganisms when disposed of in the natural environment. This addition has a positive impact on the overall improvement of the biodegradable polymer properties. Several advances have been made to develop these materials and broaden their application range. The use of biodegradable polymer nanocomposites in energy-storing materials has received a lot of attention. Because of their various performances, lithium-ion and sodium-ion batteries are currently the most popular batteries on the market. The use of biodegradable polymer nanocomposites as a main component or in high percentage amounts in lithium-ion and sodium-ion batteries seems to be an important step to first, reduce pollution caused when these products are disposed of in nature, and second, improve the general properties of the batteries by inheriting the outstanding intrinsic properties of biodegradable materials such as their low density, electrical, thermal, and mechanical properties. This book chapter will present the most recent advances in the field of biodegradable polymer nanocomposite materials used in both lithium-ion and sodium-ion batteries. Each battery component, namely, binders for electrodes, separator, and polymer electrolyte, will be thoroughly discussed in terms of challenges, requirements, and improvements.
This chapter on polyester covers plastics formed by a condensation reaction between diacid and dialcohol. Chemical structures, manufacturers, and trade names along with typical end uses of the plastics are included besides extensive graphical physical, mechanical, and electrical properties as a function of temperature. Plastics included in this chapter are liquid crystal polymer, polybutylene terephthalate, polycarbonate, polyethylene terephthalate, polycyclohexylene-dimethylene terephthalate, and polyethylene naphthalate.
Polymer coatings with bioactive properties are rapidly emerging as an important field of science and technology. Advances in materials science have brought forth high-performance multifunctional bioactive coatings as a global mitigation strategy against microorganisms that create a threat to humans. The application of antimicrobial coatings results in a safer, cleaner environment that can stop the spread of germs. Antimicrobial technologies minimize the presence of bacteria, mold, and fungi. Antimicrobial substances offer a greater level of product protection by continuously inhibiting the growth of microbes on surfaces for long periods. Polymer coatings with excellent antimicrobial properties are used in the food and beverage, pharmaceutical, biomedical, and textile industries. This chapter reveals the synthesis, applications, and challenges associated with antifungal and antimicrobial polymer coatings.
By virtue of their special physical and chemical characteristics, zwitterionic materials have attracted researchers for their use as antifouling coatings. The simultaneous presence of positive and negative charges results in zwitterionic antifouling coatings of electrostatically induced hydration, showing high resistance toward oily pollutant, nonspecific protein adsorption, bacterial adhesion, and biofilm formation. This chapter discusses the chemical structure of zwitterions and then presents the preparation of zwitterionic antifouling coatings, including monomeric zwitterionic antifouling coatings, polymeric zwitterionic coatings, zwitterionic-based amphiphilic coatings, and degradable zwitterionic coatings. The particular focus is on the composition, antifouling performance, and antifouling mechanism of these zwitterion-containing coatings.
Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is commonly known to be classified into two major subtypes, namely ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn’s disease (CD). Currently, nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs, glucocorticoids, and immunosuppressive agents are used for the treatment of IBD, while their clinical application is severely limited due to unwanted side effects. The investigation of natural bioactive for the treatment of IBD due to the potent antiinflammatory pharmacological efficacy has become an alternative. In recent years, in vitro and in vivo experiments have shown that encapsulation of these bioactive in drug delivery systems (DDSs) can improve solubility, stability, bioaccessibility, bioavailability, and targeting capability. Our focus in this chapter was to highlight the use of natural bioactive compounds (especially of plant origin) encapsulated in delivery systems based on synthetic polymers, natural polymers (derived from polysaccharides and proteins), and lipids for the treatment of IBD.
Corneal neovascularization (CoNV)-induced blindness is an enduring and challenging condition with limited management options. Small interfering RNA (siRNA) is a promising strategy for preventing CoNV. This study reported a new strategy using siVEGFA to silence vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA) for CoNV treatment. To improve the efficacy of siVEGFA delivery, a pH-sensitive polycationic mPEG2k-PAMA30-P(DEA29-D5A29) (TPPA) was fabricated. TPPA/siVEGFA polyplexes enter cells via clathrin-mediated endocytosis, resulting in higher cellular uptake efficiency and comparable silencing efficiency than that of Lipofectamine 2000 in vitro. Hemolytic assays verified that TPPA safe in normal physiological environments (pH 7.4) but can easily destroy membranes in acidic mature endosomes (pH 4.0). Studies on the distribution of TPPA in vivo showed that it could prolong the retention time of siVEGFA and promote its penetration in the cornea. In a mouse model induced by alkali burn, TPPA efficiently delivered siVEGFA to the lesion site and achieved VEGFA silencing efficiency. Importantly, the inhibitory effect of TPPA/siVEGFA on CoNV was comparable to that of the anti-VEGF drug ranibizumab. Delivering siRNA using pH-sensitive polycations to the ocular environment provides a new strategy to efficiently inhibit CoNV.
A lot of work has been done to enhance the mechanical properties of natural fiber composites to increase their strength and applicability. This research aims to investigate the utilization of natural fibers for below-knee prosthesis socket manufacture using the vacuum bagging technique experimentally, theoretically, and numerically. Lamination groups of different layering arrangements were evaluated by tensile tests. The finite element methodology (FEM) was utilized by noting the dispersion of safety factors, equivalent Von-Mises stress, and total deformation, while the theoretical part estimated Poisson's ratio, volume fraction, failure index, and theoretical safety factor. The study found that the number and type of fibers affected mechanical properties, in addition, that combining natural and artificial reinforcements permits the creation of high-performance bio-composites. FEM results coincided with both the theoretical and experimental results, with lamination 9 having the highest modulus of elasticity (5.6 GPa) and tensile strength (423 MPa). This work uncovered the properties of the proposed hybrid fiber-reinforced composites that haven't been exasperated up to the present and showed that sockets can be assembled from sustainable, low-risk materials without sacrificing the composite materials' strength. The study found that bio-composites with better performance could be created by combining synthetic with natural reinforcements.
Composite materials, which we define as two or more materials bonded together, have revolutionary properties compared to traditional monolithic materials. As a result, they have had dramatic effects on an increasing number of applications. We divide them into four key classes: polymer matrix, metal matrix, carbon matrix and ceramic matrix. At this time, polymer matrix composites (PMCs) are the most widely used. In this article, we examine the four classes of composites, including reinforcements, matrix materials, manufacturing process, applications, and future developments.
Subzero startup has been a barrier to the diffusion of fuel cell electric vehicles in cold areas. This chapter addresses the subzero startup from the perspective of water and thermal management at low temperatures. It first gives an overview of the subzero experimental studies, including four categories of experiments, test fixtures, test procedures, and featured characterization techniques. It then presents the study of the fuel cell damages in subzero scenarios, which has motivated the subsequent efforts to mitigate and resolve the issue. After that, it summarizes the current understanding of the states and behaviors of water, and the thermal properties and behavior at subzero. Next, it compares the unassisted and the assisted startup strategies. Finally, it comments on the directions for further study.
Molecularly imprinted polymers (MIPs) are polymeric materials that contain the imprint of a target molecule. They are generated by growing a polymer around a target, followed by its extraction. This creates a mold of the imprinted target at a molecular scale that holds great stereochemical and electrostatic affinity for that specific target.MIPs date from the 1960s and have been used mostly for separating or concentrating target molecules. MIPs use in sensing technology was initiated later, opening a wide door toward an enormous range of applications, mostly small molecules, contaminants/drugs, proteins, virus, and bacteria. Their use in electrochemical biosensors is especially relevant because enable producing on-demand sensors, with low cost, high selectivity/sensitivity, and long stability.Today, MIPs are an especially important category of biorecognition elements in electrochemical biosensors that deserve being reviewed about their synthesis and uses, along with the specific constraints limiting their wide application in a commercial basis.
This book chapter briefly explains the history and development of antimicrobials over the last few years. The chapter discusses the significance of different microbes, the illnesses caused by them, the environments in which they thrive, and the antimicrobials used to combat them. Different antimicrobials operate through different mechanisms; the commonly used mechanisms are listed in this chapter. Various kinds of materials that are commonly used as antimicrobials are alluded to, along with antimicrobial drugs for preventing microbial resistance. Ferrites are thought to be beneficial candidates for their antimicrobial behavior. Other advantages of ferrites that have been found over time are mentioned. The polymer nanocomposites of ferrites are also brought to light due to their excellent antimicrobial properties. High-performance microwave absorption composites using ferrite as one of their components have recently received a lot of attention due to the rapid advancement of electronic technologies and the growth of communications. These composites ought to have a high absorption intensity, broad absorption spectrum, thin thickness, and lightweight.
Polymer composites are an essential research topic in material science. However, out of the two types of reinforcement used in polymer composites, most studies were conducted on composites with fiber-based reinforcement, with limited studies on particulate-reinforced polymer composites. Although particulate-reinforced polymer composites have lower properties than fiber-reinforced composites, better processing techniques, such as chemically treated particulates, can significantly improve their properties. In addition, industrial and household natural wastes can be used as a particulate for creating polymer composites with enhanced properties while being an eco-friendly and recycling solution to wastes and pollutants in the environment. This chapter aims to detail particulate-based polymer composites and their various characterizations (thermal, water absorption, tensile, flexural, hardness, impact, and morphology). Furthermore, prospects, challenges, and future directions of particulate composites are mentioned. Finally, this chapter completes with some concluding remarks.
Nowadays, the development of bio-based materials is driving great interest due to the ongoing environmental concerns associated with synthetic polymers and the fact that fossil-based resources are limited. Bio-based polymeric materials made from renewable resources pave the way to sustainability owing to their renewable and bio-degradable nature and offer advanced characteristics for novel applications compared to traditional polymers. The present chapter encompasses a comprehensive overview of current advances in the manufacturing and commercialization of various bio-based polymers and bio-composite materials developed from renewable resources. It covers a wide spectrum of bio-based polymers, categorized as natural polymers (polysaccharides and proteins), microbial polymers (PHAs), polymer synthesized from bio-based monomers (PLA, PBS), and polymer analogous to petroleum-derived polymers (such as bio-polyethylene), with emphasis on generic production methods, processing techniques, characteristics, and emerging applications. The chapter further discusses a detailed overview of recent studies involved in developing biocompatible and functional biocomposites. It will provide important information on the limits and prospects of commercializing these innovative bio-based polymer materials and biocomposites for several applications, such as biomedical, automobile, construction, packaging, healthcare, biomedical, automobile, textile industry, and engineering fields.
A tutorial survey of theoretical methods for the study of polymeric coatings on surfaces is given. Both analytic methods (self-consistent field theory, density functional theory, etc.) as well as simulation techniques (Monte Carlo and molecular dynamics methods) are treated. The introductory description of each method is illustrated by application examples, considering both thin adsorbed polymeric films on planar solid surfaces and polymer brushes. These examples include phase transition behavior (competition between parallel or perpendicular orientation of block copolymer lamellae as a result of the conflict between thin film thickness and the preference of the surface for one component), local partitioning between solvent molecules and the monomeric units of grafted chains along the density profile of a polymer brush for varying solvent quality, prediction of the surface tension of polymer solutions at walls and the discussion of wetting/dewetting behavior of the films, effects of chemical architecture (rings versus linear polymers) on polymer brush properties, and last but not least dynamical properties, such as the effect of adsorption/desorption kinetics of monomeric units in dense films near the glass transition, shear effects on thin films, or regarding lubrication properties of brushes, sheared against each other.
Polymer coatings facilitate a variety of advanced applications, including responsive materials, media storage devices, antifouling films, and pharmaceuticals. These applications depend on the properties of polymer coatings, their interactions with the surrounding medium, and their response to stimuli. Thus understanding these properties is necessary for developing informed material designs for targeted applications. This chapter highlights the unique capabilities of neutron scattering methods in the nanoscale characterization of polymeric coatings and interfaces. These methods provide high resolution information on the structure, dynamics, and kinetics of polymer-coated interfaces and their relation to functional performance. The chapter provides a systematic introduction to neutron scattering principles and methods including structural techniques (e.g., small-angle neutron scattering and reflectometry) and spectroscopy methods (e.g., neutron spin-echo and neutron backscattering). Specific focus is given to neutron isotope sensitivity and its utilization in the selective structural and dynamical characterization of polymeric coatings and interfaces. Select examples illustrate the powerful use of neutron scattering and isotope labeling in understanding important phenomena, including chain conformations, phase separation, kinetic processes, and segmental dynamics.
It is assumed that the present chapter will serve as a focal point for those who are concerned with the tribology of nonmetallic materials. The differences between polymeric and metallic friction are discussed regarding the discrepancy in the viscoelastic behavior of polymers and the elastic–plastic behavior of metals. The mechanisms of wear are described, and the factors affecting friction and wear of polymers are extensively explained. The fundamentals of polymeric composites tribology and how various structures and compositions can affect their friction and wear behavior are explained. The friction and wear behavior of rubber are overviewed. Comprehensive discussions on the tribology of ceramics, cermets, and graphite are also included. Tribology of diamond and diamond-like carbon (DLC) films are addressed. It is confirmed that DLCs are inherently self-lubricating and resistant to erosion, abrasive, and adhesive wear.
One of the most recent strengthening techniques of masonry structures involves fibre-reinforced polymer (FRP) grids as internal reinforcement of mortar plasters to produce what is normally referred to as Composite Reinforced Mortar (CRM) systems. The behaviour of such systems relies on the performance of the FRP grids which in turn depends on the properties of their constituents (fibres and resin).By comparing results of tensile tests at different displacement rates on glass fibre yarns, the effects of the strain history on the strengths exhibited by such products is here investigated. Further tensile tests were then performed on glass FRP grids made of the same previously analysed yarns in their warp direction and the influence of the displacement rates again studied.The analysis of the results of the performed experimental activity allows studying the influence of strain rates on the mechanical properties and failure behaviour of both yarns and their relative composites.
For electric vehicles to completely replace combustion-powered vehicles, improved safety, higher energy and power densities than those possible with the current generation of lithium-ion batteries are required. Thus, researchers have steered their attention to the development of lithium metal batteries (LMB) which use solid-state electrolytes. These batteries often still include a small fraction of liquid electrolytes to enable the ionic transfer processes across interfaces inside these batteries. This chapter presents studies examining the different interfacial resistances in LMBs and highlights the use of “catholytes” as one of the most promising techniques that could enable solid-state batteries to become totally independent from the use of liquid electrolytes.
Six weight percentages (0, 2, 5, 10, 15, and 20 wt(%)) of barium titanate BaTiO3 were doped as a nanoparticle in poly(methyl methacrylate) PMMA and their optical and nuclear radiation shielding properties were investigated. The XRD patterns, FTIR spectra and SEM images confirmed that the nanocomposite films were successfully prepared. The pure PMMA sample demonstrated a significant degree of transparency, approximately 90%. The inclusion of BaTiO3 resulted in a significant reduction in the optical bandgap while maintaining a moderate transmittance level of approximately 40% at a concentration of 10 wt (%). The direct and indirect band gap energy of PMMA were decreased from 4.81 eV to 4.62 eV–1.64 eV and 1.09 eV, respectively, after doping with 20 wt(%) BaTiO3 nanoparticles. The refractive index of the investigated samples was determined using various approaches and seen to increase after nanofiller addition. Seven energy lines, from Eu-152, Cs-137, Na-22 and Ra-226 radioactive gamma ray sources, were used to deduce the gamma ray shielding parameters of the prepared samples. Also, three neutron energy ranges were used to measure the macroscopic cross-sections for the investigated samples. The results showed good agreement between measured values of mass attenuation coefficients and those calculated by WinXCOM computer program. Furthermore, the optimal weight percentage of BaTiO3 in PMMA for attenuation of all examined gamma ray energies was 10 wt (%), whereas it was 15 wt (%) for the investigated three neutron energy ranges. In other words, a novel flexible, transparent and non-toxic polymer nanocomposite shielding material is presented and the samples containing 10–15 wt(%), demonstrates improved radiation attenuation.
Polymer materials are increasingly being utilised in radiation shielding applications due to their unique characteristics such as flexibility, durability, and cost-effectiveness. These properties have attracted the attention of researchers who have been exploring the potential of these materials in such applications. Recently, new radiation shielding materials have been developed by incorporating elements into polymer matrices. The purpose of this study was to assess the effectiveness of lead-free polymer-based radiation shielding bricks in attenuating gamma radiation at 140 keV and 364 keV. The study evaluated the radiation shielding capability of five different polymer-based bricks, which were prepared using an open-mould casting technique with thicknesses of 0.7 cm and 1.4 cm. The bricks were fabricated by loading 90% filler powder and 10% epoxy resin and hardener. The filler powders used in this study were tungsten carbide, tungsten carbide cobalt, bismuth oxide, barium sulphate, and tin powder. The effectiveness of the fabricated bricks in attenuating gamma radiation was evaluated at 140 keV and 364 keV, and their microstructural properties were analysed using field emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM). The study found that the newly developed polymer-based radiation shielding bricks can attenuate gamma radiation up to 98% at 140 keV and 65% at 364 keV of the incident gamma radiation. The FESEM analysis showed that the fillers were evenly distributed within the epoxy matrix. In conclusion, the incorporation of tungsten carbide, tungsten carbide cobalt, bismuth oxide, barium sulphate, and tin particles into the epoxy matrix improves the radiation shielding effectiveness of polymer-based materials, making them suitable for gamma radiation shielding applications.
Suppressing non-radiative channel in luminescent polymer is the key factor for high device efficiency of organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs). In this paper, we synthesized three side-chain TADF polymers, PTRZ-TRZ, PTRZ-TPA and PTRZ-Cz, to deeply investigate the relationship between energy transfer and molecular structure. The photophysical measurements show that the copolymerized monomer has significant effect on the exciton deexcitation process of TADF fragment. The rigid carbazole unit can efficiently separate the TADF units to inhibit the aggregation-caused quenching (ACQ) of polymer, while electron-donating triphenylamine unit will induce the severe charge transfer state to form low energy exciplex, which lead to severe energy leakage of the excited TADF. Moreover, according to the single-charge devices test, the ideal separation unit also can improve the capability of charge injection and carrier balance. As a result, the solution-processed OLEDs host with PTRZ-Cz achieved the external quantum efficiency (EQEmax) of 14.2%, which was much higher than that of PTRZ-TPA and PTRZ-TRZ. By doping red phosphorescent emitter Ir(MDQ)2(acac), the hybrid white OLED devices (T-P WOLEDs) based on PTRZ-Cz achieved the maximum current efficiency (CEmax), power efficiency (PEmax) and EQEmax of 46.8 cd/A, 32.6 lm/W and 20.7%, respectively, with a high CRI of 80.6. The outcomes obtained in this study can provide useful insights into the structure−property relationship for further development of efficient TADF polymer hosts for solution-processable OLEDs.
1, 8-Naphthylimide (NI) was doped in polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) or polyacrylic acid (PAA) matrices (0.2%, mass ratio) to achieve persistent room-temperature phosphorescence (pRTP). The resulting pRTP can be attributed to the formation of a rigid environment constructed by abundant hydrogen bonds. Moreover, due to the overlap between NI's phosphorescent emission and Rhodamine B's absorption, the color-tunable persistent luminescence of RB@NI@PVA and RB@NI@PAA doped films were successfully achieved through phosphorescent resonance energy transfer strategy. This work provided an effective way to achieve the pRTP of NI by polymer doping, as well as persistent luminescence of Rhodamine B by phosphorescence resonance energy transfer from NI in the developed phosphorescent film system.
Here, fluorescent artificial antibodies for sensing ovalbumin in food were synthesized by molecular imprinting technique in a microfluidic reactor. A phenylboronic acid-functionalized silane was employed as the functional monomer to enable the polymer has pH-responsive property. Fluorescent molecularly imprinted polymers (FMIPs) could be produced continuously in a short time. Both fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC) and rhodamine B isothiocyanate (RB)-based FMIPs can specifically recognize the target ovalbumin, particularly FITC-based FMIP, giving an imprinting factor of 2.5 and cross-reactivity factors of 2.7 (ovotransferrin), 2.8 (β-lactoglobulin) and 3.4 (bovine serum albumin), and was applied for the detection of ovalbumin in milk powder with recovery rates of 93–110%; moreover, the FMIP can be reused at least four times. Such FMIPs have promising future in replacing the fluorophore-labelled antibodies to fabricate fluorescent sensing devices or establish immunoassay methods, which have extra merits of low-cost, high stability and recyclability, easy to carry and store at ambient environments.
This study developed sweet potato starch (SPS) based edible films and investigated several methods (acetylation, amidated pectin (AP), and CaCl2 use) to improve the edibility and different processing methods (casting and extruding) to package food possible in commercial use. Starch acetylation was conducted with up to 8 mL of acetic acid (A8) and improved the stretchability and solubility of the film. The AP addition [∼30 wt% (P3)] enhanced the film strength, further increasing solubility. CaCl2 addition [∼150 mg/g of AP (C3)] also positively influenced the film solubility and water barrier properties of the films. The SPS-A8P3C3 film showed 3.41 times higher solubility than the native SPS film. Both casted and extruded SPS-A8P3C3 films drastically dissolved in high-temperature water. When applied to oil packaging, two films could delay the lipid oxidation of the packaged samples. These results demonstrate the usability of edible packaging and extruded film for commercial use.
Automating infrared spectra interpretation in microplastic identification is of interest since most current methodologies are conducted manually or semi-automatically, which requires substantial processing time and presents a higher accuracy limited to single-polymer materials. Furthermore, when it comes to multicomponent or weathered polymeric materials commonly found in aquatic environments, identification usually becomes considerably depreciated as peaks shift and new signals are frequently observed, representing a significant deviation from reference spectral signatures. Therefore, this study aimed to develop a reference modeling framework for polymer identification through infrared spectra processing, addressing the limitations above. The case study selected for model development was polypropylene (PP) identification, as it is the second most abundant material in microplastics. Therefore, the database comprises 579 spectra with 52.3% containing PP to some degree. Different pretreatment and model parameters were evaluated for a more robust investigation, totaling 308 models, including multilayer perceptron and long–short-term memory architectures. The best model presented a test accuracy of 94.8% within the cross-validation standard deviation interval. Overall, the results achieved in this study indicate an opportunity to investigate the identification of other polymers following the same framework.
In this work, we investigated the impact of the concentration on the spectral and amplified spontaneous emission spectra (ASE) of a conducting polymer of poly(2,5-di(3,7-dimethyloctyloxy) cyanoterephthalylidene) (PDDCP) in tetrahydrofuran (THF). The findings demonstrate that the absorption spectra exhibited two peaks at 330 and 445 nm across the concentration range (1–100 µg/mL). Irrespective of the optical density, altering the concentrations did not affect the absorption spectrum. Also, the analysis indicated that the polymer did not agglomerate in the ground state for any of the concentrations mentioned. However, changes in the polymer had a substantial effect on its photoluminescence spectrum (PL), likely due to the formation of exciplexes and excimers. Also, the energy band gap also varied as a function of concentration. At a certain concentration (25 µg/mL) and pump pulse energy (3 mJ), PDDCP produced a superradiant ASE peak at 565 nm with a remarkably narrow full width at half maximum (FWHM). These findings can provide insight into the optical characteristics of PDDCP, which may have potential applications in the fabrication of tunable solid-state laser rods, Schottky diodes, and solar cell applications.
A novel self-enhancement molecularly imprinted electrochemiluminescence (ECL) sensor (MIP/M-Ag@MoS2-QDs/GCE) was constructed to detect thiabendazole (TBZ) in food. Melamine was used as template to chelate Ag+ to prepare composite nanomaterials (M-Ag). M-Ag possesses both ECL properties and coreactant catalytic properties, which can realize the self-enhancement of ECL luminophore. MoS2-QDs with excellent edge activity and electrochemical reaction catalytic activity were used to accelerate the reaction rate of the microsystem and further enhance the ECL intensity. The specific detection method of TBZ was established by investigating the ECL response mechanism and specific recognition mechanism of MIP/M-Ag@MoS2-QDs/GCE. The ECL intensity was proportioned to the lg C(TBZ) in the linear range 5 × 10−8 mol L−1–5 × 10−5 mol L−1 with a limit detection of 1.42 × 10−8 mol L−1. The satisfactory recovery rate (83.57%–101.03%) was obtained in sample analysis, which was in good agreement with the analysis result of HPLC.
The efficient synthesis of carbon nanotubes from polymer wastes has been considered one promising technology for the effective management of current environment crisis. In the two-stage reaction system, HZSM-5 zeolites were introduced into the two-stage reaction system between the upper and lower stages, which was expected to upgrade the pyrolysis gas from polymer wastes and boost the growth of carbon nanotubes on Fe-Al2O3 catalyst. The physicochemical properties of HZSM-5 zeolites, Fe-Al2O3 catalyst and the as-obtained carbon materials were systematically characterized by XRD, N2 physisorption, 27Al MAS NMR, NH3-TPD, H2-TPR, SEM, TEM, TG-DSC and Raman. It was found that the presence of HZSM-5 zeolites increased the length and yield, and narrowed the diameter of carbon nanotubes. In the absence of HZSM-5 zeolites, the yield of carbon nanotubes was 34 mg/g with an average diameter of 19 nm. The introduction of HZSM-5 and meso-HZSM-5 increased the yield of carbon nanotubes to 109 mg/g and 90 mg/g, and recduced the average diameter to 15 nm and 13 nm, respectively. The improvement of HZSM-5 zeolites on the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was observed for divrese polymer wastes inlcluding LDPE, HDPE and PP. It was attributed to the unique acidity and porosity of HZSM-5 zeolites, which enhanced the secondary cracking of the pyrolysis gas and the formation of light hydrocarbons.
Thermal conductivity of polymer composites with oriented anisotropic fillers is commonly predicted based on the simplified cuboid unit-cell models. However, the models are too simple to reveal the real thermal conductivity of composites without absolutely aligned fillers. Here, a super-cell model with offset fillers based on a hexagonal prism primitive-cell after considering shape factor [Chem. Eng. J. 2022, 441, 136104.] is established to predict thermal conductivity as close to reality as possible for polymer composites with oriented fibrous, wirelike, and flake fillers. The impact of shape factor, fillers’ intrinsic thermal conductivity, size and loading, polymer's intrinsic thermal conductivity, and thermal interface resistance between polymer and fillers, on the anisotropic thermal conductivity of polymer composites are systematically evaluated by performing finite element numerical simulation. The model is applied to predict the anisotropic thermal conductivity of polymer based highly through-plane thermally conductive thermal interface materials, and highly in-plane thermally conductive thermal diffusion materials, which are in excellent agreement with the experimental ones. This work not only provides a practical means to predict the thermal conductivity of the oriented anisotropic fillers /polymer composites, but also has the guiding significance for designing thermal management materials.
The ordered mesoporous silica materials with large pore volume were prepared from the silica source extracted from fly ash by supercritical hydrothermal activation. This path has the advantages of low activation temperature, high silicon utilization, and matching of silicon source extraction and the hydrothermal synthesis process. The obtained mesoporous silica support was impregnated with 60 wt% tetraethylenepentamine (TEPA) to prepare excellent solid amine sorbent. The thermogravimetric results showed that the CO2 adsorption capacity of sorbent could reach 5.17 mmol/g under 75 °C and dry pure CO2 atmosphere. At the same time, the sorbent had fast adsorption kinetics (5.08 mmol/g in 10 min) and stable cycle performance. Consequently, the obtained sorbent is a promising candidate for carbon capture technologies.
An imbalance of l-tryptophan (l-Trp), a basic component of a healthy diet, is harmful to human health. Traditional methods for detecting l-Trp have many limitations. To correct a deficiency or excess of l-Trp in human diets, it is necessary to develop a novel method that is rapid, low-cost, and high-sensitivity. Herein, a molecularly imprinted polysaccharide electrochemical sensor termed MIP/CS/MWCNTs/GCE (molecularly imprinted polymer/chitosan/multiwalled carbon nanotubes/glassy carbon electrode) targeting l-Trp was first constructed on a glassy carbon electrode, which was modified with multiwalled carbon nanotubes and chitosan using bifunctional monomers. The MIP/CS/MWCNTs/GCE obtained a wide linear range (1–300 μM) for detecting l-Trp and accurately detected the proportion of l-Trp in mixtures of Trp enantiomers. In milk samples, the spiked recoveries of l-Trp were 86.50 to 99.65%. The MIP/CS/MWCNTs/GCE electrochemical sensor possessed good recognition and detection performance for l-Trp and has promising potential for practical application.
Poly (citric acid–aspartic acid) copolymer was synthesized and assessed as a shale hydration inhibitor. The formation of the biomass-based eco-friendly copolymer was verified using Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, and the structure confirmed by 13C and 1H nuclear magnetic resonance. Thermal degradation of the copolymer was evaluated by thermogravimetric analysis, which suggested that the copolymer has outstanding stability. Characterization using scanning electron microscopy, equipped with an energy-dispersive X-ray spectrometer, was carried out to confirm the shale morphology before and after copolymer treatment. Shale recovery tests, immersion experiments, and anti-swelling measurements were performed to determine inhibitor performance in the drilling process. The copolymer showed the highest shale dispersion recovery compared to a commonly used inhibitor (potassium chloride) and water. The anti-swelling and immersion results indicated that the copolymer was strongly adsorbed over the clay's surface through hydrogen bonding and electrostatic interaction. Consequently, clay hydrophobicity could be increased by producing a hydrophobic film on its surface, which would decrease the number of hydrogen bonds between shale and water, hence reducing the quantity of water invasion.
Aiming at scrutinizing the soluting effect occurring in alcoholic systems composed of two polymers (polymer 1 + polymer 2 + alcohol systems), the systematic isopiestic measurements of the vapor-liquid equilibrium behavior were carried out on some ternary ethanolic, propanolic, and butanolic solutions of two polymers at 298.1 K. In order to cover a wide range of hydrophilic and lipophilic behaviors, the polymers: polyethylene glycol 400 (PEG400), polyethylene glycol dimethyl ether 250 (PEGDME250), polyethylene glycol dimethyl ether 500 (PEGDME500), polypropylene glycol 400 (PPG400), polypropylene glycol 1000 (PPG1000) and polyvinylpyrrolidone 10,000 (PVP10000) were selected. Deviations of isosolvent activity lines from the linear isopiestic relation (LIR) were considered as a benchmark to identify the soluting effects of polymer 1 on polymer 2 in these systems. It was found that all the investigated solutions containing PVP show the soluting-in effect (positive deviation from the linear isopiestic relation), and the other solutions including PEG-PPG, PEG-PEGDME, PPG-PEGDME, PEG-PEG, PPG-PPG and PEGDME-PEGDME show the semi-ideal (linear isopiestic relation) behavior. The effect of alcohol type, polymer type, and polymer molar mass on the solvent activity of binary alcohol-polymer solutions as well as on the deviations of ternary systems from the semi-ideal behavior was studied. Finally, the obtained solvent activity data were used to calculate the vapor pressure of solutions as a function of concentration, and the segment-based local composition Wilson model was used to correlate the experimental solvent activity data.
We investigated the bioelectrochemical properties of an FAD-dependent glucose dehydrogenase from Trichoderma virens (TvGDH) and its electrochemical behaviour when immobilized on a graphite electrode. TvGDH was recently shown to have an unusual substrate spectrum and to prefer maltose over glucose as substrate, and hence could be of interest as recognition element in a maltose sensor. In this study, we determined the redox potential of TvGDH, which is –0.268 ± 0.007 V vs. SHE, and advantageously low to be used with many redox mediators or redox polymers. The enzyme was entrapped in, and wired by an osmium redox polymer (poly(1-vinylimidazole-co-allylamine)-{[Os(2,2′-bipyridine)2Cl]Cl}) with formal redox potential of +0.275 V vs. Ag|AgCl via poly(ethylene glycol) diglycidyl ether crosslinking onto a graphite electrode. When the TvGDH-based biosensor was tested with maltose it showed a sensitivity of 1.7 μA mM−1cm−2, a linear range of 0.5–15 mM, and a detection limit of 0.45 mM. Furthermore, it gave the lowest apparent Michaelis-Menten constant (KM app) of 19.2 ± 1.5 mM towards maltose when compared to other sugars. The biosensor is also able to detect other saccharides including glucose, maltotriose and galactose, these however also interfere with maltose sensing.
In this research, we report an initiator-free and room-temperature 2.5 MeV electron beam (EB)-induced gelation strategy to in-situ create polyvinylpyrrolidone-based gel polymer electrolytes (PVP-GPEs) in a fully-assembled lithium ion battery (LIB). A radiation-sensitive liquid precursor consisting of 1-vinyl-2-pyrrolidone (VP), poly (ethylene glycol) diacrylate (PD), and LiClO4 liquid electrolyte (LE) was effectively converted to freestanding PVP-GPEs even at an absorbed dose of 2 kGy (Irradiation time of 6 s). The formed GPE at the absorbed dose of 2 kGy exhibited good thermal stability and mechanical integrity while providing good electrochemical oxidative stability (up to 4.7 V) and ion conductivity (2.03 × 10−3 S/cm at 25 °C). Moreover, the LiCoO2/PVP-GPE/graphite coin cell in-situ prepared at the absorbed dose of 2 kGy showed comparable retention capacity to that of an LE-based coin cell after 50 cycles. The findings of this study suggest that the proposed in-situ quick EB-induced gelation strategy (without use of an initiator and thermal treatment) could be a scalable way to allow high-throughput production of reasonably performing and safe LIBs.
Polymer electrolyte membrane (PEM) fuel cells produce water as byproduct, which may cause electrode “flooding” and reduce cell performance. In operation, water usually builds up downstream in the gas flow channel due to the water production by the oxygen reduction reaction (ORR), leading to a water spatial distribution. In this study, a convolutional neural network (CNN) is presented to analyze neutron radiography images to obtain water spatial variation under various operating conditions. 5 and 10 segments of a fuel cell are analyzed for spatial variations. Image pre-processing treatments are carried out to improve the convolutional neural network accuracy to 96.6%. The results show that liquid water emerges at a position around 55% downstream for 50% relative humidity while the entire cell is subject to two-phase flow for 100% relative humidity under a co-flow configuration. Large water content is present in most of the segments and the near-outlet segment for the counter-flow and co-flow configurations, respectively. In addition, the quad-serpentine cell exhibits more water accumulation than the single serpentine one in most downstream segments. The convolutional neural network results agree well with the data obtained from a pixelation image processing method with an accuracy of 91.8%. Compared with conventional pixelation methods, the convolutional neural network method performs better in speed for high-resolution images. It also shows that the current CNN tool fails to predict local water for small spatial scales, such as 10 segments, which leads to a large error (>27%) in prediction.
Marine biological pollution is a worldwide problem that poses a significant challenge in marine engineering. MXene nanosheets and zwitterionic polymers are promising materials for marine anti-biofouling and have attracted much attention. Herein, we self-assembled the polydopamine layer on the surface of MXene nanosheets (MXene-PDA), and then introduced the zwitterionic polymer (PEIS) by Michael addition reaction onto the PDA layer to obtain the zwitterionic polymer-functionalized MXene nanosheets (MXene-PEIS). The as-prepared MXene-PEIS exhibits excellent antifouling performance through the cooperative antifouling effect between the MXene nanosheets and the zwitterionic polymer PEIS (the antibacterial rate improved by 88 % and there was a 98 % decrease in microalgae adhesion density). Moreover, the nanocomposite antifouling coatings (MXene-PEIS/SP) were obtained by blending the as-prepared MXene-PEIS nanosheets with self-polishing coatings. The results show that MXene-PEIS/SP coatings have good antifouling performance due to the synergy between MXene, PEIS, and self-polishing coatings.
Polyetheretherketone (PEEK) has inferior interfacial compatibility due to its rigid structure. Hence, achieving the desired thermal conductivity (TC) of PEEK composites is challenging. Covalently bonded amino-graphene (NH2-GnPs) and polybenzoxazine (PBZ) can reduce interfacial thermal resistance (ITR). Hybrid NH2-GnPs and multi-walled carbon nanotubes (MWCNTs) were applied synergistically to refine the TC pathways. Additionally, the 3D thermally conductive network was constructed from electrospun NH2-GnPs&MWCNTs/ketimine-biphenyl polyetheretherketone (PEBEKt) and freeze-dried MWCNTs/PEEK@PBZ composites arranged in a sandwich structure. The oriented fillers could improve the heat diffusion network by increasing heat flow conveyance. The optimal in-plane and through-plane TC values were 21.0 and 6.9 Wm−1K−1, respectively, 90 and 29 times those of pure PEEK. The composites also exhibited excellent electromagnetic shielding (80.4 dB, 21.1%), thermal stability, and thermal management capabilities. Consequently, the 3D thermally conductive composites can provide a viable idea for thermal management and electromagnetic shielding materials.
