Background Recognizing the optimal time to discontinue continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT) is necessary to advance patient recovery and mitigate complications. The aim of this study was to identify predictors of successful CKRT cessation in pediatric patients. Methods All patients requiring CKRT between January 2010 and March 2021 were evaluated. Patients on peritoneal or hemodialysis, who transferred between institutions, or who did not trial off CKRT were excluded. Successful discontinuation was defined as remaining off CKRT for at least 7 days. Demographics, admission diagnoses, PRISM III scores, and reasons for CKRT initiation were obtained. Clinical and biochemical variables were evaluated at CKRT initiation and discontinuation and in the 12-h period following discontinuation. Comparisons were conducted using Wilcoxon rank sum and Fisher’s exact tests for continuous and categorical variables, respectively. A logistic regression model was fitted to identify significant factors. Results Ninety-nine patients underwent a trial off CKRT. Admission and initiation characteristics of the success and failure groups were similar. Patients who required re-initiation ( n  = 26) had longer ICU lengths of stay (27.2 vs. 44.5 days, p  = 0.046) and higher in-hospital mortality (15.1% vs. 46.2%, p  = 0.002). Urine output greater than 0.5 mL/kg/h irrespective of diuretic administration in the 6-h period before CKRT discontinuation was a significant predictor (AUC 0.72, 95% CI 0.60–0.84, p  = 0.0009). Conclusions Determining the predictors of sustained CKRT discontinuation is critical. Urine output greater than 0.5 mL/kg/h in this pediatric cohort predicted successful discontinuation. Future studies are needed to validate this threshold in disease- and age-specific cohorts and evaluate additional biomarkers of kidney injury. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Accurate estimation of kidney size and volume in the solitary functioning kidney is crucial because of a higher risk of developing kidney injury. MRI is an accurate method and is suitable for kidney volume measurement. Usually, axial axis images and measurement methods are preferred for kidney volume measurements. However, the anteroposterior diameter of the kidney is smaller than the longitudinal diameter, meaning that imaging in the coronal axis could provide needed information in a shorter time, enabling imaging of younger patients without sedation. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to compare coronal and axial axis kidney volume measurement methods and evaluate intra-observer and inter-observer reliability. Methods Axial axis T2W and coronal axis FIESTA images of kidneys were obtained with 10 mm slice thickness and no slice gap in pediatric patients with congenital solitary kidneys. Free-hand manual tracing was used to calculate volumes in both methods. Images were analyzed by two operators with different levels of experience. The expert operator computed solitary kidney volume twice in both methods for the intra-observer reliability, while the beginner operator’s measurements were used for the inter-observer reliability. Results High intra-observer (0.965 for axial and 0.972 for coronal) and inter-observer reliability were revealed (0.964 for axial and 0.963 for the coronal) for both measurement methods. Conclusion The coronal plane volume measurement method, which has a significantly shorter examination and post-processing time, is a highly reproducible and reliable method that can enable volume measurement with MRI in younger children, as the imaging time will be shortened. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Objective The study aimed to investigate the association of TyG index with chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods A total of 179 T2DM patients with CKD were retrospectively included. CKD progression was defined as a doubling of baseline serum creatinine or onset of end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Internal validation was performed by the Kidney Failure Risk Equation (KFRE) model and Net reclassification improvement (NRI). Results The optimal cut-off value of the TyG index was 9.17. The cumulative incidence of kidney outcomes was significantly higher in the high-TyG group (v.s low-TyG group, P  = 0.019). In addition, the high-TyG index was associated with a greater risk of CKD progression (HR 1.794, 95% CI 1.026–3.137, P  = 0.040). And reclassification analyses confirmed the final adjusted model improved NRI (61.90% v.s model 2, 43.80% v.s model 1). The further RCS curves presented an inverted S-shaped relationship between the TyG index and the risk of CKD progression. Internal validation verified that a higher TyG index was associated with 2.10-fold increased odds of 2-year ESKD risk >10% (95% CI 1.82–8.21). Moreover, subgroup analysis suggested that the association was more pronounced in those at relatively early CKD stages (higher than stage 2) and with no medication history of oral hypoglycemic agents. Conclusion An elevated TyG index was associated with a higher risk of CKD progression in T2DM patients. Our findings suggested that timely targeting insulin sensitivity at the early stages of T2DM might be associated with declined future risk of CKD development.
Background Hyperchloremia has been associated with acute kidney injury (AKI) in critically ill adult patients. Data is limited in pediatric patients. Our study sought to determine if an association exists between hyperchloremia and AKI in pediatric patients admitted to the intensive care unit (PICU). Methods This is a single-center retrospective cohort study of pediatric patients admitted to the PICU for greater than 24 h and who received intravenous fluids. Patients were excluded if they had a diagnosis of kidney disease or required kidney replacement therapy (KRT) within 6 h of admission. Exposures were hyperchloremia (serum chloride ≥ 110 mmol/L) within the first 7 days of PICU admission. The primary outcome was the development of AKI using the Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria. Secondary outcomes included time on mechanical ventilation, new KRT, PICU length of stay, and mortality. Outcomes were analyzed using multivariate logistic regression. Results There were 407 patients included in the study, 209 in the hyperchloremic group and 198 in the non-hyperchloremic group. Univariate analysis demonstrated 108 (51.7%) patients in the hyperchloremic group vs. 54 (27.3%) in the non-hyperchloremic group ( p  =  < .001) with AKI. On multivariate analysis, the odds ratio of AKI with hyperchloremia was 2.24 (95% CI 1.39–3.61) (p  = .001). Hyperchloremia was not associated with increased odds of mortality, need for KRT, time on mechanical ventilation, or length of stay. Conclusion Hyperchloremia was associated with AKI in critically ill pediatric patients. Further pediatric clinical trials are needed to determine the benefit of a chloride restrictive vs. liberal fluid strategy. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Kidney support therapy (KST), previously referred to as Renal Replacement Therapy, is utilized to treat children and adults with severe acute kidney injury (AKI), fluid overload, inborn errors of metabolism, and kidney failure. Several forms of KST are available including peritoneal dialysis (PD), intermittent hemodialysis (iHD), and continuous kidney support therapy (CKST). Traditionally, extracorporeal KST (CKST and iHD) in neonates has had unique challenges related to small patient size, lack of neonatal-specific devices, and risk of hemodynamic instability due to large extracorporeal circuit volume relative to patient total blood volume. Thus, PD has been the most commonly used modality in infants, followed by CKST and iHD. In recent years, CKST machines designed for small children and novel filters with smaller extracorporeal circuit volumes have emerged and are being used in many centers to provide neonatal KST for toxin removal and to achieve fluid and electrolyte homeostasis, increasing the options available for this unique and vulnerable group. These new treatment options create a dramatic paradigm shift with recalibration of the benefit: risk equation. Renewed focus on the infrastructure required to deliver neonatal KST safely and effectively is essential, especially in programs/units that do not traditionally provide KST to neonates. Building and implementing a neonatal KST program requires an expert multidisciplinary team with strong institutional support. In this review, we first describe the available neonatal KST modalities including newer neonatal and infant-specific platforms. Then, we describe the steps needed to develop and sustain a neonatal KST team, including recommendations for provider and nursing staff training. Finally, we describe how quality improvement initiatives can be integrated into programs.
Copper (Cu) is a heavy metal that is widely used in industries and is also an essential micronutrient for living beings. However, excess Cu is toxic and human exposure to high levels of this metal results in numerous adverse health effects. We have investigated the effect of oral administration of copper chloride (CuCl_2), a Cu(II) compound, on various parameters of oxidative stress, cellular metabolism, and DNA integrity in the rat kidney. This was done to delineate the molecular mechanism of Cu(II) toxicity. Adult male rats were randomly divided into five groups. Animals in four CuCl_2-treated groups were separately administered single acute oral dose of CuCl_2 at 5, 15, 30, and 40 mg/kg body weight. Animals in the fifth group were not given CuCl_2 and served as the control. All rats were sacrificed 24 h after the dose of CuCl_2 and their kidneys removed. CuCl_2 administration led to significant alterations in enzymatic and non-enzymatic parameters of oxidative stress. It changed the activities of metabolic and membrane bound enzymes and also decreased the activities of brush border membrane enzymes. CuCl_2 treatment dose-dependently enhanced DNA damage and DNA–protein crosslinking in renal cells, when compared to the control group. The administration of CuCl_2 also resulted in marked morphological changes in the kidney, with more prominent alterations at higher doses of CuCl_2. These results clearly show that CuCl_2 impairs the antioxidant defense system resulting in oxidative damage to the kidney.
Background Renal hypertension causes left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy leading to cardiomyopathy. Nephrectomy has been utilized to improve blood pressure and prepare for kidney transplantation in the pediatric population. We sought to investigate antihypertensive medication (AHM) requirement and LV mass in patients undergoing nephrectomy with renal hypertension. Methods We performed a single institution retrospective review from 2009 to 2021 of children who have undergone nephrectomy for hypertension. Primary outcome was decrease in number of AHM. Secondary outcomes included change in LV mass and elimination of AHM. LV mass was measured using echocardiogram area-length and linear measurements. Non-parametric analyses were utilized to assess significance. Results Thirty-one patients underwent nephrectomy. Median age was 12.5 years (0.8–19 years). Median of 3 AHM (range 1–5 medications) were used pre-operatively and patients had been managed for median 2.5 years. Twenty-nine had preoperative echocardiogram. Forty-eight percent of patients had LVH at nephrectomy. Median AHM after surgery was 1 (range 0–4 medications) at 30 days and 12 months, ( p  < 0.001). By 12 months after nephrectomy, 79.2% of patients had decreased the number of AHM. Eight (26%) patients were on no AHM 30 days after surgery, and 13 (43%) at 12 months. Systemic vascular disease and multicystic dysplastic kidney were the only factors associated with lack of improvement in AHM ( p  = 0.040). Fourteen patients had pre- and post-operative echocardiogram and 11 (79%) had improvement in LV mass ( p  = 0.016, 0.035). Conclusions Nephrectomy is effective in improving LV mass and reducing AHM for children with renal hypertension. Improvement is less likely in patients with systemic vascular disease and multicystic dysplastic kidneys. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Aims/hypothesis The aim of this study was to determine the effect of bariatric surgery on diabetes complications in individuals with class II/III obesity (BMI > 35 kg/m^2). Methods We performed a prospective cohort study of participants with obesity who underwent bariatric surgery. At baseline and 2 years following surgery, participants underwent metabolic phenotyping and diabetes complication assessments. The primary outcomes for peripheral neuropathy (PN) were a change in intra-epidermal nerve fibre density (IENFD, units = fibres/mm) at the distal leg and proximal thigh, the primary outcome for cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy (CAN) was a change in the expiration/inspiration (E/I) ratio, and the primary outcome for retinopathy was a change in the mean deviation on frequency doubling technology testing. Results Among 127 baseline participants, 79 completed in-person follow-up (age 46.0 ± 11.3 years [mean ± SD], 73.4% female). Participants lost a mean of 31.0 kg (SD 18.4), and all metabolic risk factors improved except for BP and total cholesterol. Following bariatric surgery, one of the primary PN outcomes improved (IENFD proximal thigh, +3.4 ± 7.8, p <0.01), and CAN (E/I ratio −0.01 ± 0.1, p =0.89) and retinopathy (deviation −0.2 ± 3.0, p =0.52) were stable. Linear regression revealed that a greater reduction in fasting glucose was associated with improvements in retinopathy (mean deviation point estimate −0.7, 95% CI −1.3, −0.1). Conclusions/interpretation Bariatric surgery may be an effective approach to reverse PN in individuals with obesity. The observed stability of CAN and retinopathy may be an improvement compared with the natural progression of these conditions; however, controlled trials are needed. Graphical abstract 
Background Understanding disparities in pediatric kidney transplants is important to provide equitable care. We compared transplant outcomes between English-speaking (ES) and interpreter-needing (IN) pediatric kidney transplant recipients. Methods Through retrospective review, primary kidney transplant recipients, 0–21 years transplanted between 2005 and 2019, were divided into ES and IN cohorts. Continuous and categorical variables were compared using Wilcoxon rank-sum, Welch two-sample t -test, and chi-squared analyses. Patient survival, graft survival, and rejection-free survival were evaluated using Kaplan–Meier methods and Cox regression. Days hospitalized were evaluated using negative binomial regression. Results Our sample included 211 ES and 37 IN transplant recipients. Compared with the ES, the IN cohort was older at transplant (14.56 vs. 11.03 years; p  < 0.01), had more time between kidney failure and transplant (0.9 vs. 0.3 years; p  < 0.01), and more often received deceased over living donor transplants (78.4% vs. 30.4%; p  < 0.01). Multivariate Cox proportional-hazard models evaluating adjusted 5-year patient survival demonstrated decreased 5-year post-transplant survival in the IN cohort (aHR = 10.10, 95% CI: 1.5, 66.8; p  = 0.02). We did not identify differences in 5-year death-censored graft survival (aHR = 0.57; 95% CI: 0.14, 2.4; p  = 0.4) nor rejection-free survival (aHR = 0.8; 95% CI: 0.4, 1.5; p  = 0.5). We found significantly fewer hospitalization events in the IN cohort during the first year post-transplant (aRR: 0.62; 95% CI: 0.4, 0.9; p  = 0.01) but no difference 5-year post-transplant. The IN cohort had more missed outpatient appointments (10.4% vs. 2.8%; p  = 0.03) and undetectable serum immunosuppressant levels (mean: 3.8% vs. 1.3%; p  = 0.02) 5 years post-transplant. Conclusions Pediatric kidney transplant recipients requiring interpreter services for healthcare delivery demonstrate fewer post-transplant interactions with their healthcare team (fewer hospitalizations and more no-show visits) and lower 5-year patient survival compared with recipients not requiring interpreters. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) is primarily produced in bones and mainly regulates calcium and phosphorus metabolism. The level of circulating FGF23 increases rapidly in the early stage of acute kidney injury (AKI). Recent studies have shown that FGF23 may serve as a biomarker for the diagnosis and poor prognosis of AKI. The mechanism of increased FGF23 in AKI may include increased production of FGF23, decreased renal clearance of FGF23, and some new regulatory factors, such as inflammation and glycerol 3-phosphate. However, the biological effects of elevated FGF23 in AKI are still unclear. It is also not known whether reducing the level of circulating FGF23 could alleviate AKI or its poor prognosis. Here, we review the pathophysiological mechanism and possible regulation of FGF23 in AKI and discuss the possibility of using FGF23 as a therapeutic target.
Aim To compare effectiveness of dapagliflozin versus DPP-4 inhibitors on individualized HbA1c targets and extra-glycaemic endpoints among elderly patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Methods This was a multicentre retrospective study on patients aged 70–80 years with HbA1c above individualized target and starting dapagliflozin or DPP-4 inhibitors in 2015–2017. The primary outcome was the proportion reaching individualized HbA1c targets. Confounding by indication was addressed by inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW), multivariable adjustment (MVA), or propensity score matching (PSM). Results Patients initiating dapagliflozin ( n  = 445) differed from those initiating DPP-4i ( n  = 977) and balance between groups was achieved with IPTW or PSM. The median follow-up was 7.5 months and baseline HbA1c was 8.3%. A smaller proportion of patients initiating dapagliflozin attained individualized HbA1c target as compared to those initiating DPP-4 inhibitors (RR 0.73, p  < 0.0001). IPTW, MVA, and PSM yielded similar results. Between-group difference in the primary outcome was observed among patients with lower eGFR or longer disease duration. Dapagliflozin allowed greater reductions in body weight and blood pressure than DPP-4 inhibitors. Conclusions Elderly patients with T2D initiating dapagliflozin had a lower probability of achieving individualized HbA1c targets than those initiating DPP-4 inhibitors but displayed better improvements in extra-glycaemic endpoints.
Purpose of Review While urologists are traditionally taught to perform percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) utilizing exclusively fluoroscopy, ultrasound has emerged as a safe alternative. This article showcases the major reasons why ultrasound-guided access should be considered the first-line approach for performing access for PCNL. Recent Findings There continues to be a need to further reduce radiation exposure in the management of kidney stone patients. This review showcases how performing ultrasound-guided PCNL has been associated with a shorter learning curve, increased patient safety, and the ability to perform x-ray free PCNL. Summary Ultrasound-guided PCNL is not only an achievable skill for urologists to learn but provides multiple advantages over traditional fluoroscopic access. As every effort should be given to help reduce radiation exposure for kidney stone patients as well as performing surgeons and operating theater personnel, endourologists should strive to add this technique to their armamentarium.
Background Long-term kidney outcomes of non-dialyzed children with Shiga-toxin Escherichia Coli hemolytic uremic syndrome (STEC-HUS) have been scantily studied. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate kidney outcomes and prognostic markers in these patients. Methods Non-dialyzed STEC-HUS patients followed for at least 5 years were included. They were grouped and compared according to kidney status at last visit: complete recovery (CR) or chronic kidney disease (CKD). Predictors of CKD evaluated at diagnosis were sex, age, leukocytes, hematocrit, hemoglobin (Hb), and serum creatinine (sCr). Peak sCr and time of follow-up were also analyzed. Results A total of 122 patients (62 female, median age at diagnosis 1.6 years) with a median follow-up of 11.3 years were included. At last visit, 82 (67%) had CR, 36 (30%) had CKD stage 1, and 4 (3%) had stage 2. No patient developed CKD stage 3–5. Median time to CKD was 5 years (IQR 3.1–8.76 years). Of the 122 patients, 18% evolved to CKD in the first 5 years, increasing to 28% at 10 and 33% at 20 years of follow-up. Serum Cr at diagnosis and peak sCr were significantly higher in patients with CKD than in those with CR. Conclusions One third of non-dialyzed STEC-HUS patients evolved to CKD after a median time of 5 years. However, CKD may appear even after 15 years of CR. Serum Cr was significantly higher among patients who evolved to CKD. These data reinforce that all non-dialyzed patients should be followed until adulthood. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose Fluoropyrimidines are anticancer drugs and can cause hyperammonemia both intravenously and orally. Renal dysfunction may interact with fluoropyrimidine to cause hyperammonemia. We performed quantitative analyses of hyperammonemia using a spontaneous report database to examine the frequency of intravenously and orally administered fluoropyrimidine, the reported frequency of fluoropyrimidine-related regimens, and fluoropyrimidine’s interactions with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods This study used data collected between April 2004 and March 2020 from the Japanese Adverse Drug Event Report database. The reporting odds ratio (ROR) of hyperammonemia was calculated for each fluoropyrimidine drug and was adjusted for age and sex. Heatmaps depicting the use of anticancer agents in patients with hyperammonemia were drawn. The interactions between CKD and the fluoropyrimidines were also calculated. These analyses were performed using multiple logistic regression. Results Hyperammonemia was observed in 861 of the 641,736 adverse events reports. Fluorouracil was the most frequent drug associated with hyperammonemia (389 cases). The ROR of hyperammonemia was 32.5 (95% CI 28.3–37.2) for intravenously administered fluorouracil, 4.7 (95% CI 3.3–6.6) for orally administered capecitabine, 1.9 (95% CI 0.87–4.3) for tegafur/uracil, and 2.2 (95% CI 1.5–3.2) for orally administered tegafur/gimeracil/oteracil. Calcium levofolinate, oxaliplatin, bevacizumab, and irinotecan were the most frequently reported agents in cases of hyperammonemia with intravenously administered fluorouracil. The coefficient of the interaction term between CKD and fluoropyrimidines was 1.12 (95% CI 1.09–1.16). Conclusion Hyperammonemia cases were more likely to be reported with intravenous fluorouracil than orally administered fluoropyrimidines. Fluoropyrimidines might interact with CKD in hyperammonemia cases.
Identification of cancer subtypes based on molecular knowledge is crucial for improving the patient diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment. In this work, we integrated copy number variations (CNVs) and transcriptomic data of Kidney Papillary Renal Cell Carcinoma (KIRP) using a network diffusion strategy to stratify cancers into clinically and biologically relevant subtypes. We constructed GeneNet, a KIRP specific gene expression network from RNA-seq data. The copy number variation data was projected onto GeneNet and propagated on the network for clustering. We identified robust subtypes that are biologically informative and significantly associated with patient survival, tumor stage and clinical subtypes of KIRP. We performed a Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) analysis of KIRP subtypes, which revealed the genes/silent players related to poor survival. A differential gene expression analysis between subtypes showed that genes related to immune, extracellular matrix organization, and genomic instability are upregulated in the poor survival group. Overall, the network-based approach revealed the molecular subtypes of KIRP and captured the relationship between gene expression and CNVs. This framework can be further expanded to integrate other omics data.
Background One-third of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus manifest with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). Most children presenting with DKA are in a volume-depleted state, leading to acute kidney injury (AKI). Besides volume depletion, hyperglycemia can induce tubular injury and kidney inflammation. Therefore, a thorough knowledge of incidence of AKI, risk factors, and outcomes in pediatric DKA is desirable to improve its management and outcomes. Objective To synthesize currently available evidence on the incidence, risk factors, and outcomes of AKI in children with DKA. Data sources We searched three electronic databases (EMBASE, PubMed, and Web of Science) from inception to September 2022 for original studies reporting AKI in children with DKA. Search strategies for the individual databases were drafted using free text words and MeSH incorporating “acute kidney injury” and “diabetic ketoacidosis.” Study eligibility criteria Cohort and cross-sectional studies reporting AKI in children with type 1 DM and DKA were included. Participants and interventions Children (aged less than 18 years) with type 1 DM and DKA. Study appraisal and synthesis methods The critical appraisal tool of NHLBI for cohort studies was used to assess the quality of the studies. We estimated the pooled incidence of AKI with 95% CI in children with DKA using a random effects model. The primary outcome was the pooled incidence of AKI during the DKA episodes. Results Twenty-one studies assessing 4087 children (4500 DKA episodes) reported AKI during DKA episodes. The pooled incidence of any stage of AKI during the DKA episode was 47% (95% CI: 40 to 55). Severe AKI was observed in 28% (21 to 35) of DKA episodes; however, only 4% (1 to 11%) of children with AKI received dialysis. Low serum bicarbonate, low corrected sodium, higher blood sugar, and high blood urea nitrogen at presentation have been reported to be associated with the development of AKI. Conclusion AKI developed in almost half of the DKA episodes, and every fourth DKA episode was associated with severe AKI. The recovery rate from DKA-associated AKI appears to be high; however, further studies are needed to assess the exact impact of AKI on long-term outcomes. Registration PROSPERO (CRD42022303200). Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose Simultaneous pancreas–kidney transplantation (SPKT) remains the best treatment option in patients with type 1 diabetes and chronic kidney failure. There are only a few studies addressing the potential ischemic deterioration of peripheral arterial disease (PAD) due to blood diverting from the iliac artery to the kidney graft. We aimed to evaluate diabetic foot lesions and PAD evolution in SPKT recipients and investigate if they are more frequent in ipsilateral lower limb of kidney graft. Methods We developed a retrospective cohort, including patients submitted to SPKT in our tertiary center, between 2000 and 2017. Diabetic foot lesions and PAD frequencies were compared in the period before and after transplantation. Results Two hundred and eleven patients were included, 50.2% ( n  = 106) female, with a median age at transplantation of 35 years (IQR 9). After a median follow-up period of 10 years (IQR 7), patient, kidney, and pancreatic graft survival were 90.5% ( n  = 191), 83.4% ( n  = 176), and 74.9% ( n  = 158), respectively. Before transplant, 2.8% ( n  = 6) had PAD and 5.3% ( n  = 11) had history of foot lesions. In post-transplant period, 17.1% ( n  = 36) patients presented PAD and 25.6% ( n  = 54) developed diabetic foot ulcers, 47.6% ( n  = 35) of which in the ipsilateral and 53.3% ( n  = 40) in the contralateral lower limb of the kidney graft ( p  = 0.48). Nine patients (4.3%) underwent major lower limb amputation, 3 (30%) ipsilateral and 7 (70%) contralateral to the kidney graft ( p  = 0.29). Conclusions Diabetic foot lesions were not more frequent in the ipsilateral lower limb of the kidney graft, therefore downgrading the ‘steal syndrome’ role in these patients.
Objectives The goal of this study was to retrospectively investigate the relationship between renal transplanted volume indexes (Total kidney volume (TKV)/Body surface area (BSA), Renal parenchymal volume (RPV)/BSA, Renal cortical volume (RCV)/BSA, RPV/Body mass index (BMI), RCV/BMI, RPV/Weight, RCV/Weight), and short- and long-term function of the graft. Methods One-hundred and twelve live donor-recipient pairs from 2017 to 2018, whose donors underwent preoperative renal computed tomography angiography and recipients survived during 12 months of follow-up, were included in this study. Results The crude and adjusted linear regressions for the effect of volume measurements by voxel and ellipsoid methods on the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) at different post-transplantation times demonstrated that the RPV/weight ratio had the most substantial crude effect on the eGFR 12 months and 4 years after renal transplant. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves for six different renal volume ratios demonstrated no significant difference between these ratios in terms of discriminative ability ( p value < 0.05). A strong direct correlation between TKV calculated by the ellipsoid formula with RPV and RCV measured using OsiriX software was noted. Analysis of ROC curves for renal volume indices has demonstrated fair to good discriminative ability of our cut-off points to estimate 4-year post-transplantation eGFR > 60 mL/min. Conclusion Renal transplant recipients’ volume indices, such as RPV/weight, had strong correlations with eGFR at different points in time, and renal transplant recipients with the volume ratios higher than our cut-off points had a good chance of having a 4-year post-transplantation eGFR higher than 60 mL/min.
Diabetes is the leading cause of chronic kidney disease (CKD), a condition associated with significant morbidity and mortality. As these patients have a high risk of developing cardiovascular disease and end-stage kidney disease, there is a need for early detection and early initiation of appropriate therapeutic interventions that slow disease progression and prevent adverse outcomes. Due to the complex nature of diabetes and CKD management, a holistic, patient-centered, collaborative care approach delivered by a coordinated multidisciplinary team (ideally including a clinical pharmacist as part of a comprehensive medication management program) is needed. In this review, we discuss the barriers to effective care, the current multidisciplinary approach used for CKD prevention and treatment, and the potential ways that the multidisciplinary management of CKD associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus can be refined to improve patient outcomes. People living with type 2 diabetes mellitus are at risk of developing chronic kidney disease. Having chronic kidney disease means that over time the kidneys may not work as well as they should. Some people with chronic kidney disease will eventually need a new kidney (transplant) or will need to use a machine that does the job of their kidneys (dialysis). To slow the rate at which the kidneys get worse, chronic kidney disease needs to be detected and treated early. A multidisciplinary team of healthcare professionals is needed to help people with type 2 diabetes reduce their chances of getting chronic kidney disease, or to prevent their chronic kidney disease from getting worse. Some healthcare teams include a clinical pharmacist who makes sure medicines are given in the correct amount and at the correct time. It is important that the healthcare team members communicate well and include the person with type 2 diabetes and chronic kidney disease and their family members or caregivers (if needed) in the decision-making process to achieve better health results. Barriers stopping people with type 2 diabetes and chronic kidney disease from getting good healthcare include a shortage of nephrologists, not having enough healthcare insurance, limited access to healthcare, and poor understanding about what chronic kidney disease is and how it can be treated. This review article discusses the barriers to better healthcare in chronic kidney disease and how the current healthcare team approach could be changed to improve health results. Graphical Plain Language Summary 
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is becoming a major public health problem worldwide. This study aimed to explore whether peanut skin extract (PSE) has protective effects against high-fat and high-fructose (HF) diet-induced kidney injury. Rats were fed HF diet in the whole experiment, while rats in PSE-treated groups were supplemented with PSE. Finally, PSE reduced kidney tissue weight, perinephric fat weight, and levels of serum ammonia, creatinine, and urea nitrogen, along with decreases of renal IL-1β and TNF-α level. Histological examination indicated that PSE alleviated renal tubular dilatation, and degeneration and partial exfoliation of renal tubular epithelial cells. In addition, PSE decreased serum and urinary uric acid level, together with reductions of XOD production and XOD activity both in serum and liver, and down-regulated expressions of renal NLRP3 and ERS proteins. Thus, PSE may be a potential functional food for protecting against renal injury in high energy intake.
Purpose To explore whether glycated albumin (GA) or fasting plasma glucose (FPG), both routinely monitored during patients’ hospital stay, can be used to predict post-transplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM). Methods All kidney transplantation recipients (KTRs) from January 2017 to December 2018 were followed-up for 1 year. PTDM was diagnosed from day 45 post-operation to 1 year. When the completeness was above 80%, FPG or GA data on the day was selected, analyzed, and presented as range parameters and standard deviation (SD) and compared between PTDM and non-PTDM groups in fluctuation and stable periods. The predictive cut-off values were determined via receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis. The PTDM combined predictive mode, formed by the independent risk factors derived from logistic regression analyses, was compared with each independent risk factor with the independent ROC curve test. Results Among 536 KTRs, 38 patients developed PTDM up to 1 year post-operatively. The family history diabetes mellitus (OR, 3.21; P  = 0.035), the FPG SD in fluctuation period >2.09 mmol/L (OR, 3.06; P  = 0.002), and the FPG maximum in stable period >5.08 mmol/L (OR, 6.85; P  < 0.001) were the PTDM independent risk factors. The discrimination of the combined mode (area under the curve = 0.81, sensitivity = 73.68%, and specificity = 76.31%) was higher than each prediction ( P  < 0.05). Conclusions The FPG standard deviation during the fluctuation period, FPG maximum during the stable period, and family history diabetes mellitus predicted PTDM with good discrimination and potential routine clinical use.
Background Impaired kidney concentration capacity is present in half of the patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). The kidney concentrating capacity was further impaired within the animal model of autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD). To date, only one small study has investigated it in children having ARPKD. Therefore, we aimed to study the kidney concentrating ability in a larger cohort of children with ARPKD. Methods Eighteen children (median age 8.5 years, range 1.3–16.8) were retrospectively investigated. A standardized kidney concentrating capacity test was performed after the application of a nasal drop of desmopressin (urine osmolality > 900 mOsmol/kg). The glomerular filtration rate was estimated using the Schwartz formula (eGFR) and blood pressure (BP) was measured as office BP. Results Kidney concentrating capacity was decreased (urine osmolality < 900 mOsmol/kg) in 100% of children with ARPKD. The median urine osmolality after desmopressin application was 389 (range 235–601) mOsmol/kg. Sixteen patients (89%) were defined as hypertensive based on their actual BP level or their use of antihypertensive drugs. The maximum amounts of urinary concentration correlated significantly with eGFR ( r  = 0.72, p  < 0.0001) and hypertensive scores ( r  = 0.50, p  < 0.05), but not with kidney size. Twelve patients (67%) were defined as having CKD stages 2–4. The median concentrating capacity was significantly lower in children within this group, when compared to children with CKD stage 1 possessing a normal eGFR (544 mOsmol/kg, range 413–600 mOsmol/kg vs. 327 mOsmol/kg, range 235–417 mOsmol/l, p  < 0.001). Conclusions Impaired kidney concentrating capacity is present in most children with ARPKD and is associated with decreased eGFR and hypertension. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Community-acquired acute kidney injury (CA-AKI) is common among hospitalized patients and has a poor prognosis. Research is scarce on the impact of a CA-AKI episode among patients without preexisting kidney disease and has not previously been investigated in Sweden. The aim was to describe the outcomes of patients with normal pre-hospitalization kidney function, admitted with community-acquired AKI and to investigate the association between AKI severity with outcomes. Methods A retrospective population-based study was applied including patients with CA-AKI according to KDIGO classification, admitted via emergency department (ED) 2017–2019 and with a 90-day follow-up period from the ED-admission, collecting data from the Regional Healthcare Informative Platform. Age, gender and AKI stages, mortality and follow-up regarding recovery and readmission was registered. Hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence Interval (CI) for mortality was analyzed using Cox regression adjusted for age, comorbidities, and medication. Results There were 1646 patients included, mean age was 77.5 years. CA-AKI stage 3 occurred in 51% of patients < 65 years of age and 34% among those > 65 years. In this study, 578 (35%) patients died and 233 (22%) recovered their kidney function. Mortality rate peaked within the first two weeks and among those at AKI stage 3. Nephrology referral post discharge occurred in 3% and 29% were readmitted. HRs for mortality was 1.9 (CI 1.38–2.62) for those who are > 65 years, 1.56 (CI 1.30–1.88) for atherosclerotic-cardiovascular disease. Medication with RAASi related to a decreased HR 0.27 (95% CI 0.22–0.33). Conclusions CA-AKI is associated with high mortality within 90 days, increased risk for developing chronic kidney disease (CKD) and only one fifth recover their kidney function after hospitalization with an AKI. Nephrology referral was sparse. Patient follow-up after a hospitalization with AKI should be carefully planned during the first 90 days and focused on identifying those with a higher risk of developing CKD.
Background During the COVID-19 pandemic, some continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT) initiations were transitioned to telemedicine to improve the timeliness of initiation, and minimize COVID-19 transmission. While telemedicine would appear acceptable for many clinical settings, safety and timeliness of telemedicine CKRT initiation is undescribed. Methods We conducted a single-center retrospective cohort study of pediatric patients on CKRT from January 2021–September 2022. Information on patient characteristics and CKRT therapy was extracted from the electronic health record. Multidisciplinary team provider attitudes and perspectives were assessed using survey. Results During the study period, there were 101 CKRT circuit initiations in patients not previously receiving CKRT, with 33% (33/101) initiated by telemedicine. There were no differences in patient characteristics, including age, weight at initiation, severity of illness, nor degree of fluid overload between the in-person and telemedicine initiation cohorts. CKRT telemedicine initiations were timelier, occurring on average 3.0 h after decision to initiate therapy compared to 5.8 h for all in-person CKRT starts ( p  < 0.001) and 5.5 h for night and weekend in-person starts ( p  < 0.001). Complications did not differ between telemedicine and in-person starts (15% vs. 15%, p  = 0.99) and initial circuit life was similar. There were no differences in likelihood of death or duration of CKRT therapy. Telemedicine initiations were widely acceptable to multidisciplinary providers. Conclusion In appropriately selected patients, telemedicine initiation of CKRT is a timely and safe option. Further standardization of telemedicine initiation of CKRT should be considered to improve the timely delivery of CKRT and may improve nephrology workforce wellness. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background This study aims to investigate the correlation between Erbin and sepsis, and the role of Erbin on the pyroptosis pathway in acute kidney injury caused by sepsis and NLRP3/caspase-1/Gasdermin D pathway. Methods In the study, lipopolysaccharide (LPS) treatment or cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) surgery on mice were used to stimulate the in vitro and in vivo sepsis-induced renal injury model. The male C57BL/6 of wild-type mice (WT) and Erbin-knockout mice (Erbin^−/−, EKO) were randomly divided into four groups (WT + Sham, WT + CLP, EKO + Sham, EKO + CLP). Inflammatory cytokine, renal function, pyroptotic cell numbers and the levels of protein and mRNA expression of pyroptosis, including the NLRP3 (all P  < 0.05), were analyzed and found increase in Erbin^−/− mice with CLP and LPS-induced HK-2 cells. Results The inhibited of Erbin shows a renal damaged effect by promoting NLRP3 inflammasome-mediated pyroptosis in SI-AKI. Conclusion This study demonstrated a novel mechanism by which Erbin regulates NLRP3 inflammasome-mediated pyroptosis in SI-AKI.
Background Collecting duct carcinoma (CDC) of the kidney is associated with an aggressive course, limited response to treatment, and poor prognosis. Platinum-based chemotherapy is currently recommended as the first-line treatment in patients with metastatic CDC. Accumulating evidence supports the use of immunotherapy with checkpoint inhibitors as second-line therapy. Case presentation In this case report, we describe the first case of avelumab administration due to disease progression during chemotherapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin in a Caucasian, 71-year-old man presenting with multiple metastases due to CDC of the kidney. The patient initially responded well to four cycles of chemotherapy and his performance status improved. After two additional chemotherapy cycles, the patient presented with new bone and liver metastases (mixed response to chemotherapy with an overall 6-month progression-free survival). We offered him avelumab as a second-line treatment in this setting. The patient received a total of three cycles of avelumab. The disease remained stable (no new metastases during treatment with avelumab), and the patient developed no complications. To alleviate his symptoms, radiation therapy for the bone metastases was decided. Despite successful radiation of the bone lesions and further improvement of symptoms, the patient developed hospital-acquired pneumonia and died approximately ten months after the initial diagnosis of CDC. Conclusions Our findings suggest that the applied treatment modality with gemcitabine and cisplatin chemotherapy followed by avelumab was effective in terms of both progression-free survival and quality of life. Still, further studies assessing the use of avelumab in this setting are mandatory.
Background To explore the risk factors of ureteral stricture in transplant kidney and the clinical effects of different treatment methods. Methods The 62 patients with transplant kidney ureteral stenosis as the experimental group, and another group of recipients from the same donor as the control group ( n  = 59 cases). The risk factors for ureteral stricture and the survival rate of transplant kidney were analyzed and compared. The 62 patients were divided into open operation, luminal operation, and magnetic compression anastomosis (MCA) operation group. The effect of the operation and the survival rate of transplant kidney among the three groups were compared. Results In our study, we found that the above differences were statistically significant in clinical data such as gender, multiple donor renal arteries, history of infection, and delayed graft function (DGF) between the two groups ( P  < 0.05). Urinary tract infection and DGF history were the independent risk factors for the development of ureteral stricture. The open operation had the best treatment effect and the survival rate of the transplant kidney, followed by the MCA, the stricture recurrence rate in the luminal operation was the highest. Conclusion The ureteral stricture has a negative correlation with the long-term survival rate of the transplant kidney, the curative rate and long-term effect of open surgery are the best, stricture recurrence rate of luminal surgery is high, and it may require multiple operations in the future, the MCA is a new breakthrough and innovation in the treatment of ureteral stricture.
Drivers towards initiation of kidney replacement therapy in advanced chronic kidney disease include metabolic and fluid derangements, growth, and nutritional status with focus on health optimization. Once initiated, prescription of dialysis is often uniform despite variability in patient characteristics and etiology of kidney failure. Preservation of residual kidney function has been associated with improved outcomes in patients with advanced chronic kidney disease on dialysis. Incremental dialysis is the approach of reducing the dialysis dose by reduction in treatment time, days, or efficiency of clearance. Incremental dialysis has been described in adults at initiation of kidney replacement therapy, to better preserve residual kidney function and meet the individual needs of the patient. Consideration of incremental dialysis in pediatrics may be reasonable in a subset of children with continued emphasis on promotion of growth and development.
Background Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) has been the leading cause of chronic kidney disease in developed countries. Evidence of the benefits of resveratrol (RES) for the treatment of DKD is accumulating. However, comprehensive therapeutic targets and underlying mechanisms through which RES exerts its effects against DKD are limited. Methods Drug targets of RES were obtained from Drugbank and SwissTargetPrediction Databases. Disease targets of DKD were obtained from DisGeNET, Genecards, and Therapeutic Target Database. Therapeutic targets for RES against DKD were identified by intersecting the drug targets and disease targets. GO functional enrichment analysis, KEGG pathway analysis, and disease association analysis were performed using the DAVID database and visualized by Cytoscape software. Molecular docking validation of the binding capacity between RES and targets was performed by UCSF Chimera software and SwissDock webserver. The high glucose (HG)-induced podocyte injury model, RT-qPCR, and western blot were used to verify the reliability of the effects of RES on target proteins. Results After the intersection of the 86 drug targets and 566 disease targets, 25 therapeutic targets for RES against DKD were obtained. And the target proteins were classified into 6 functional categories. A total of 11 cellular components terms and 27 diseases, and the top 20 enriched biological processes, molecular functions, and KEGG pathways potentially involved in the RES action against DKD were recorded. Molecular docking studies showed that RES had a strong binding affinity toward PPARA, ESR1, SLC2A1, SHBG, AR, AKR1B1, PPARG, IGF1R, RELA, PIK3CA, MMP9, AKT1, INSR, MMP2, TTR, and CYP2C9 domains. The HG-induced podocyte injury model was successfully constructed and validated by RT-qPCR and western blot. RES treatment was able to reverse the abnormal gene expression of PPARA, SHBG, AKR1B1, PPARG, IGF1R, MMP9, AKT1, and INSR. Conclusions RES may target PPARA, SHBG, AKR1B1, PPARG, IGF1R, MMP9, AKT1, and INSR domains to act as a therapeutic agent for DKD. These findings comprehensively reveal the potential therapeutic targets for RES against DKD and provide theoretical bases for the clinical application of RES in the treatment of DKD.
Background Hyperkalemia is a common complication of chronic kidney disease (CKD). Hyperkalemia is associated with mortality, CKD progression, hospitalization, and high healthcare costs in patients with CKD. We developed a machine learning model to predict hyperkalemia in patients with advanced CKD at an outpatient clinic. Methods This retrospective study included 1,965 advanced CKD patients between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2020 in Taiwan. We randomly divided all patients into the training (75%) and testing (25%) datasets. The primary outcome was to predict hyperkalemia (K^+ > 5.5 mEq/L) in the next clinic vist. Two nephrologists were enrolled in a human-machine competition. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curves (AUCs), sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy were used to evaluate the performance of XGBoost and conventional logistic regression models with that of these physicians. Results In a human-machine competition of hyperkalemia prediction, the AUC, PPV, and accuracy of the XGBoost model were 0.867 (95% confidence interval: 0.840–0.894), 0.700, and 0.933, which was significantly better than that of our clinicians. There were four variables that were chosen as high-ranking variables in XGBoost and logistic regression models, including hemoglobin, the serum potassium level in the previous visit, angiotensin receptor blocker use, and calcium polystyrene sulfonate use. Conclusions The XGBoost model provided better predictive performance for hyperkalemia than physicians at the outpatient clinic.
Background A vegetarian diet is a popular alternative to the casual diet - it is considered healthy, and was proven to positively affect cardiovascular health. The Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) progression is a major issue in the healthcare system, and constitutes a leading cause of death for 1.5% of the global population. The objective of this systematic review was to investigate the potential impact of a vegetarian diet on kidney function in CKD patients. Method Our systematic review focused on randomized controlled trials (RCTs) which compared the effects of a vegetarian diet (experimental) and a standard omnivore diet (comparator) in terms of the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in CKD patients. Inclusion criteria were based on PICO elements, with two researchers involved in browsing the Cochrane and Pubmed search engines. The investigation was performed using the PRISMA 2020 Checklist and PRISMA 2020 flow diagram. The search terms included: ‘vegetarian diet’ AND ‘nephropathy’, ‘eGFR’, ‘albuminuria’, ‘chronic kidney disease’. Bias assessment was performed using RoB 2 tool to determine the validity of the data collected from studies. Results Four RCTs with a total of 346 participants were included in the presented systematic review. Two largest RCTs reported an increase in eGFR following a change to a vegetarian diet (p = 0.01 and p = 0.001). Another two found no significant differences between the experimental and control groups, also these trials were associated with a high risk of bias in terms of missing data outcome and the randomization process. Conclusions The findings collected in this systematic review suggest that a vegetarian diet improves renal filtration function in CKD patients. Therefore, it seems essential to conduct further research involving the impact of the diet on the progression of CKD.
Background Streptococcus pneumoniae -associated hemolytic uremic syndrome (P-HUS) is a rare and severe disease. Only a few reports have been published about eculizumab use in P-HUS. Methods We analyzed demographic, clinical, and laboratory data of patients with P-HUS from our center. Results The cohort consisted of 4 females and 3 males. All patients had pneumonia. Four were given eculizumab (days 1–3). The eculizumab group required a shorter duration of dialysis and mechanical ventilation (medians 20 vs. 28.5 and 30 vs 38.5 days, respectively) compared with the non-eculizumab group, but this was still much longer than normally reported; the thrombocytopenia resolution was similar in both groups (medians 10 vs. 8 days). Chronic kidney disease (CKD) was correlated with the duration of dialysis and mechanical ventilation duration at 1 year ( r  = 0.797, P  = 0.032 and r  = 0.765, P  = 0.045) and last follow-up ( r  = 0.807, P  = 0.028 and r  = 0.814, P  = 0.026, respectively); our scoring system showed even stronger correlations ( r  = 0.872, P  = 0.011 and r  = 0.901, P  = 0.0057, respectively). The eculizumab group showed slightly better 1-year and last follow-up CKD stage (2.75 vs. 3, P  = 0.879 and 2.5 vs. 3.67, P  = 0.517). Conclusions Despite the fact that the eculizumab group showed better outcomes, eculizumab does not seem to improve the course of P-HUS compared with previous reports. Kidney outcomes are strongly correlated with the duration of dialysis and mechanical ventilation duration. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is a severe complication of diabetes. Currently, no effective measures are available to reduce the risk of DKD progression. This study aimed to establish a weighted risk model to determine DKD progression and provide effective treatment strategies. Methods This was a hospital-based, cross-sectional study. A total of 1104 patients with DKD were included in this study. The random forest method was used to develop weighted risk models to assess DKD progression. Receiver operating characteristic curves were used to validate the models and calculate the optimal cutoff values for important risk factors. Results We developed potent weighted risk models to evaluate DKD progression. The top six risk factors for DKD progression to chronic kidney disease were hemoglobin, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), serum uric acid (SUA), plasma fibrinogen, serum albumin, and neutrophil percentage. The top six risk factors for determining DKD progression to dialysis were hemoglobin, HbA1c, neutrophil percentage, serum albumin, duration of diabetes, and plasma fibrinogen level. Furthermore, the optimal cutoff values of hemoglobin and HbA1c for determining DKD progression were 112 g/L and 7.2%, respectively. Conclusion We developed potent weighted risk models for DKD progression that can be employed to formulate precise therapeutic strategies. Monitoring and controlling combined risk factors and prioritizing interventions for key risk factors may help reduce the risk of DKD progression.
Background Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the main cause of mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Although several studies have demonstrated the consistently high prognostic value of stress cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR), its prognostic value in patients with CKD is not well established. We aimed to assess the safety and the incremental prognostic value of vasodilator stress perfusion CMR in consecutive symptomatic patients with known CKD. Methods Between 2008 and 2021, we conducted a retrospective dual center study with all consecutive symptomatic patients with known stage 3 CKD, defined by estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) between 30 and 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2, referred for vasodilator stress CMR. All patients with eGFR < 30 ml/min/1.73 m^2 (n = 62) were excluded due the risk of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis. All patients were followed for the occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) defined as cardiac death or recurrent nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI). Cox regression analysis was used to determine the prognostic value of stress CMR parameters. Results Of 825 patients with known CKD (71.4 ± 8.8 years, 70% men), 769 (93%) completed the CMR protocol. Follow-up was available in 702 (91%) (median follow-up 6.4 (4.0–8.2) years). Stress CMR was well tolerated without occurrence of death or severe adverse event related to the injection of gadolinium or cases of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis. The presence of inducible ischemia was associated with the occurrence of MACE (hazard ratio [HR] 12.50; 95% confidence interval [CI] 7.50–20.8; p < 0.001). In multivariable analysis, ischemia and late gadolinium enhancement were independent predictors of MACE (HR 15.5; 95% CI 7.72 to 30.9; and HR 4.67 [95% CI 2.83–7.68]; respectively, both p < 0.001). After adjustment, stress CMR findings showed the best improvement in model discrimination and reclassification above traditional risk factors (C-statistic improvement: 0.13; NRI = 0.477; IDI = 0.049). Conclusions In patients with known stage 3 CKD, stress CMR is safe and its findings have an incremental prognostic value to predict MACE over traditional risk factors.
Background Sepsis-induced endothelial dysfunction is proposed to cause angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) dysfunction and renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system (RAAS) derangement, exacerbating vasodilatory shock and acute kidney injury (AKI). Few studies test this hypothesis directly, including none in children. We measured serum ACE concentrations and activity, and assessed their association with adverse kidney outcomes in pediatric septic shock. Methods A pilot study of 72 subjects aged 1 week–18 years from an existing multicenter, observational study. Serum ACE concentrations and activity were measured on Day 1; renin + prorenin concentrations were available from a previous study. The associations between individual RAAS components and a composite outcome (Day 1–7 severe persistent AKI, kidney replacement therapy use, or mortality) were assessed. Results 50/72 subjects (69%) had undetectable ACE activity (< 2.41 U/L) on Day 1 and 27/72 (38%) developed the composite outcome. Subjects with undetectable ACE activity had higher Day 1 renin + prorenin compared to those with activity (4533 vs. 2227 pg/ml, p  = 0.017); ACE concentrations were no different between groups. Children with the composite outcome more commonly had undetectable ACE activity (85% vs. 65%, p  = 0.025), and had higher Day 1 renin + prorenin (16,774 pg/ml vs. 3037 pg/ml, p  < 0.001) and ACE concentrations (149 vs. 96 pg/ml, p  = 0.019). On multivariable regression, increasing ACE concentrations (aOR 1.01, 95%CI 1.002–1.03, p  = 0.015) and undetectable ACE activity (aOR 6.6, 95%CI 1.2–36.1, p  = 0.031) retained associations with the composite outcome. Conclusions ACE activity is diminished in pediatric septic shock, appears uncoupled from ACE concentrations, and is associated with adverse kidney outcomes. Further study is needed to validate these findings in larger cohorts.
Background Poor adherence habits are key contributors to nonadherence but there are few clinically feasible methods for evaluating adherence habits, particularly for youths with chronic kidney disease (CKD). This study investigated how participants’ qualitative responses to three interview questions about adherence habits mapped to primary principles of habit formation and objectively measured medication adherence in youths with CKD. Methods Participants (ages 11–21 years) were recruited from a pediatric nephrology clinic as part of a larger study. Participants’ daily objective antihypertensive medication adherence was measured with an electronic pill bottle over a 4-week baseline period. Qualitative interviews about adherence habits and routines were conducted with a subset of participants ( N  = 18). Results Clear qualitative differences emerged in how participants with high-medium adherence (80–100%) discussed adherence habits compared to participants with low adherence (0–79%). Participants with high-medium adherence discussed situational cues for taking medicine, including locations that cue adherence, step-by-step events leading up to taking medicine, and people who cue adherence. Participants with high-medium adherence regularly described taking medicine as “automatic,” “second nature,” and a “habit.” Participants with low adherence rarely discussed these habit features nor did they explicitly acknowledge currently missing doses. Participants with low adherence tended to discuss challenges with organization and routines for taking medicine. Conclusions Evaluating patient responses to questions about adherence habits may uncover challenges with adherence habit formation, provide direction for habit-strengthening intervention focused on developing automatic cues for taking medication, and support adherence successes for youths with CKD. Clinical trial registration number NCT03651596. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
The present work investigated the effect of α-lipoic acid (ALA) and caffeine-loaded chitosan nanoparticles (CAF-CS NPs) on obesity and its hepatic and renal complications in rats. Rats were divided into control, rat model of obesity induced by high fat diet (HFD), and obese rats treated with ALA and/or CAF-CS NPs. At the end of the experiment, the activities of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and the levels of urea, creatinine, interleukin-1β (IL-1β), and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) were determined in the sera of animals. In addition, malondialdehyde (MDA), nitric oxide (NO), and reduced glutathione (GSH) were measured in hepatic and renal tissues. Renal Na^+, K^+-ATPase was assessed. The histopathological changes were examined in the hepatic and renal tissues. Obese rats showed a significant increase in AST, ALT, ALP, urea, and creatinine. This was associated with a significant increase in IL-1β, TNF-α, MDA, and NO. A significant decrease in hepatic and renal GSH and renal Na^+, K^+-ATPase activity was recorded in obese rats. Obese rats also showed histopathological alterations in hepatic and renal tissues. Treatment with ALA and/or CAF-CS NPs reduced the weight of obese rats and ameliorated almost all the hepatic and renal biochemical and histopathological changes induced in obese rats. In conclusion, the present findings indicate that ALA and/or CAF-CS NPs offered an effective therapy against obesity induced by HFD and its hepatic and renal complications. The therapeutic effect of ALA and CAF-CS NPs could be mediated through their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties.
Background Various renal abnormalities, including hydronephrosis, polycystic kidney disease, and hydroureter, have been reported, and these abnormalities are present in DiGeorge syndrome, renal dysplasia, and acute kidney failure. Previous studies have shown that various genes are associated with renal abnormalities. However, the major target genes of nonobstructive hydronephrosis have not yet been elucidated. Results We examined neuroblast differentiation-associated protein Ahnak localization and analyzed morphogenesis in developing kidney and ureter. To investigated function of Ahnak, RNA-sequencing and calcium imaging were performed in wild type and Ahnak knockout (KO) mice. Ahnak localization was confirmed in the developing mouse kidneys and ureter. An imbalance of calcium homeostasis and hydronephrosis, which involves an expanded renal pelvis and hydroureter, was observed in Ahnak KO mice. Gene Ontology enrichment analysis on RNA-seq results indicated that ‘Channel Activity’, ‘Passive Transmembrane Transporter Activity’ and ‘Cellular Calcium Ion Homeostasis’ were downregulated in Ahnak KO kidney. ‘Muscle Tissue Development’, ‘Muscle Contraction’, and ‘Cellular Calcium Ion Homeostasis’ were downregulated in Ahnak KO ureter. Moreover, peristaltic movement of smooth muscle in the ureter was reduced in Ahnak KO mice. Conclusions Abnormal calcium homeostasis causes renal disease and is regulated by calcium channels. In this study, we focused on Ahnak, which regulates calcium homeostasis in several organs. Our results indicate that Ahnak plays a pivotal role in kidney and ureter development, and in maintaining the function of the urinary system.
Background Advanced chronic kidney disease (CKD) severely impacts patients’ lives. Nevertheless, little is known about patients’ own experiences of living with CKD in Sweden. The objective of this study was to describe the patient’s perspective on CKD—including diagnosis, treatment journey, and healthcare interactions—and how CKD impacts patients’ health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and work capacity. Subject and methods A mixed-methods approach was used that incorporated (i) a quantitative online survey with study-specific questions and assessments of HRQoL and work impairment among 178 patients with CKD in Sweden, and (ii) 40 qualitative interviews to gain an in-depth understanding of the patient experience. Results HRQoL and work capacity were notably impacted by CKD and deteriorated with advancing disease stage. Patients experienced numerous symptoms long before diagnosis, but still found diagnosis unexpected. Fatigue was the most frequently reported symptom impacting all areas of patients’ lives. In the interviews, patients reported that they worried what their future life would be like, a dread of dialysis and organ transplantation, and how they implemented lifestyle changes to mitigate progression. In primary healthcare, patients struggled to have their symptoms taken seriously. Once referred to kidney specialists, patients were satisfied with healthcare. Patients wished they had been diagnosed sooner in their disease journey. Conclusion These findings highlight an unmet need from the patient’s perspective in primary healthcare, driven primarily by lack of early CKD diagnosis. In Sweden, there is a need for increased education on CKD in primary care, and a need for increased availability of specialized kidney care.
Background In intensive care, different central venous catheters (CVC) are often used for infusion of drugs. If a patient is treated with continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) a second catheter, a central venous dialysis catheter (CVDC), is needed. Placing the catheters close together might pose a risk that a drug infused in a CVC could be directly aspirated into a CRRT machine and cleared from the blood without giving the effect intended. The purpose of this study was to elucidate if drug clearance is affected by different catheter placement, during CRRT. In this endotoxaemic animal model, an infusion of antibiotics was administered in a CVC placed in the external jugular vein (EJV). Antibiotic clearance was compared, whether CRRT was through a CVDC placed in the same EJV, or in a femoral vein (FV). To reach a target mean arterial pressure (MAP), noradrenaline was infused through the CVC and the dose was compared between the CDVDs. Results The main finding in this study was that clearance of antibiotics was higher when both catheter tips were in the EJV, close together, compared to in different vessels, during CRRT. The clearance of gentamicin was 21.0 ± 7.3 vs 15.5 ± 4.2 mL/min ( p 0.006) and vancomycin 19.3 ± 4.9 vs 15.8 ± 7.1 mL/min ( p 0.021). The noradrenaline dose to maintain a target MAP also showed greater variance with both catheters in the EJV, compared to when catheters were placed in different vessels. Conclusion The results in this study indicate that close placement of central venous catheter tips could lead to unreliable drug concentration, due to direct aspiration, during CRRT .
Improvement in management of pediatric renal disorders has led to patient survival rates of 85-90%, increasing the number of adolescent and young adult (AYA) patients with childhood onset chronic kidney disease (CKD) transitioning to adult care settings. Pediatric CKD patients differ from adults with CKD in view of early onset of disease (sometimes with fetal onset), different disease spectrum, the potential effect of CKD on neurodevelopment, and substantial involvement of parents in medical decision making. In addition to the usual challenges of emerging adulthood (graduation from school to work, independent living, peak in impulsivity and risk-taking behaviors), young adults with pediatric CKD need to learn to manage a serious medical condition independently. In kidney transplant patients, regardless of the age at transplantation, graft failure rates are higher during adolescence and young adulthood than at any other age. All pediatric CKD patients must move from a pediatric to adult-focused settings and this transition is a longitudinal process requiring collaboration and interactions of AYA patients, their families, providers, health care environment and agencies. Consensus guidelines have provided recommendations to pediatric and adult renal teams to enable successful transition. Suboptimal transition is a risk factor for poor adherence to treatment and unfavorable health outcomes. The authors discuss the process of transition as it applies to pediatric CKD patients and review challenges faced by patients/families, pediatric and adult nephrology teams. They provide some suggestions and available tools to optimize the transition of pediatric CKD patients to adult-oriented care.
Background Canine heartworm disease (CHD) caused by Dirofilaria immitis remains a common preventable disease with increasing incidence in some parts of the USA. The treatment guidelines of the American Heartworm Society (AHS) currently recommend monthly macrocyclic lactone administration, 28 days of doxycycline given orally every 12 h and three injections of melarsomine dihydrochloride (1 injection on day 2 of treatment followed 30 days later by 2 injections 24 h apart). Minocycline has also been utilized when doxycycline is unavailable. The systemic effects of CHD, which particularly impact cardiac and renal function, have been described, with infected dogs often experiencing renal damage characterized by an increase in serum concentrations of renal biomarkers. Although the AHS treatment protocol for CHD has been shown to be safe and effective in most cases, the potential for complications remains. No study as of yet has evaluated changes in symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA), a sensitive marker of renal function, during treatment for CHD. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate renal function in dogs by measuring serum creatinine and SDMA concentrations during the adulticide treatment period. Methods Serum creatinine and SDMA concentrations were measured in 27 client-owned dogs affected by CHD at the following time points: prior to starting doxycycline or minocycline therapy (baseline), during doxycycline or minocycline therapy (interim), at the time of the first dose of melarsomine (first dose), at the time of the second dose of melarsomine (second dose) and at the dog’s follow-up visit after treatment, occurring between 1 and 6 months after completion of therapy (post-treatment). Concentrations of creatinine and SDMA were compared between time points using a mixed effects linear model. Results Mean SDMA concentrations following the second dose of melarsomine were significantly lower (−1.80 ug/dL, t -test, df = 99.067, t = −2.694, P -Value = 0.00829) than baseline concentrations. There were no other statistically significant differences in the concentration of either biomarker between the baseline and the other time points in CHD dogs undergoing treatment. Conclusions The results suggest that the current AHS protocol may not have a substantial impact on renal function. Graphical Abstract 
Progressive organ-level disorders in the human body are often correlated with diseases in other body parts. For instance, liver diseases can be linked with heart issues, while cancers can be linked with brain diseases (or psychological conditions). Defining such correlations is a complex task, and existing deep learning models that perform this task either showcase lower accuracy or are non-comprehensive when applied to real-time scenarios. To overcome these issues, this text proposes design of an augmented bioinspired deep learning-based multidomain body parameter analysis via heterogeneous correlative body organ analysis. The proposed model initially collects temporal and spatial data scans for different body parts and uses a multidomain feature extraction engine to convert these scans into vector sets. These vectors are processed by a Bacterial Foraging Optimizer (BFO), which assists in identification of highly variant feature sets, which are individually classified into different disease categories. A fusion of Inception Net, XCeption Net, and GoogLeNet Models is used to perform these classifications. The classified categories are linked with other disease types via temporal analysis of blood reports. The temporal analysis engine uses Modified Analytical Hierarchical Processing (MAHP) Model for calculating inter-organ disease dependency probabilities. Based on these probabilities, the model is able to generate a patient-level correlation map, which can be used by clinical experts to suggest remedial treatments, due to which the model was able to identify correlations between brain disorders and kidneys, heart diseases and lungs, heart diseases and liver, brain diseases and different types of cancers with high efficiency when evaluated under clinical scenarios. When validated on MITBIH, DEAP, CT Kidney, RIDER, and PLCO data samples, it was observed that the proposed model was capable of improving accuracy of correlation by 8.5%, while improving precision and recall by 3.2% when compared with existing correlation models under similar clinical scenarios.
Background In the primary analysis of the PREDICT trial, a higher hemoglobin target (11–13 g/dl) with darbepoetin alfa did not improve renal outcomes compared with a lower hemoglobin target (9–11 g/dl) in advanced chronic kidney disease (CKD) without diabetes. Prespecified secondary analyses were performed to further study the effects of targeting higher hemoglobin levels on renal outcomes. Methods Patients with an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) 8–20 ml/min/1.73 m^2 without diabetes were randomly assigned 1:1 to the high- and low-hemoglobin groups. The differences between the groups were evaluated for the following endpoints and cohort sets: eGFR and proteinuria slopes, assessed using a mixed-effects model in the full analysis set and the per-protocol set that excluded patients with off-target hemoglobin levels; the primary endpoint of composite renal outcome, evaluated in the per-protocol set using the Cox model. Results In the full analysis set (high hemoglobin, n = 239; low hemoglobin, n = 240), eGFR and proteinuria slopes were not significantly different between the groups. In the per-protocol set (high hemoglobin, n = 136; low hemoglobin, n = 171), the high-hemoglobin group was associated with reduced composite renal outcome (adjusted hazard ratio: 0.64; 95% confidence interval: 0.43–0.96) and an improved eGFR slope (coefficient: + 1.00 ml/min/1.73 m^2/year; 95% confidence interval: 0.38–1.63), while the proteinuria slope did not differ between the groups. Conclusions In the per-protocol set, the high-hemoglobin group demonstrated better kidney outcomes than the low-hemoglobin group, suggesting a potential benefit of maintaining higher hemoglobin levels in patients with advanced CKD without diabetes. Clinical trial registration Clinicaltrials.gov (identifier: NCT01581073).
Background Established cardiovascular risk assessment tools lack chronic kidney disease–specific clinical factors and may underestimate cardiovascular risk in non–dialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. Methods A retrospective analysis of a cohort of patients with stage 3–5 non–dialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease in the Salford Kidney Study (UK, 2002–2016) was performed. Multivariable Cox regression models with backward selection and repeated measures joint models were used to evaluate clinical risk factors associated with cardiovascular events (individual and composite cardiovascular major adverse cardiovascular events), mortality (all-cause and cardiovascular-specific), and need for renal replacement therapy. Models were established using 70% of the cohort and validated on the remaining 30%. Hazard ratios ([95% CIs]) were reported. Results Among 2192 patients, mean follow-up was 5.6 years. Cardiovascular major adverse cardiovascular events occurred in 422 (19.3%) patients; predictors included prior history of diabetes (1.39 [1.13–1.71]; P  = 0.002) and serum albumin reduction of 5 g/L (1.20 [1.05–1.36]; P  = 0.006). All-cause mortality occurred in 740 (33.4%) patients, median time to death was 3.8 years; predictors included reduction of estimated glomerular filtration of 5 mL/min/1.73 m^2 (1.05 [1.01–1.08]; P  = 0.011) and increase of phosphate of 0.1 mmol/L (1.04 [1.01–1.08]; P  = 0.021), whereas a 10 g/L hemoglobin increase was protective (0.90 [0.85–0.95]; P  < 0.001). In 394 (18.0%) patients who received renal replacement therapy, median time to event was 2.3 years; predictors included halving of estimated glomerular filtration rate (3.40 [2.65–4.35]; P  < 0.001) and antihypertensive use (1.23 [1.12–1.34]; P  < 0.001). Increasing age, albumin reduction, and prior history of diabetes or cardiovascular disease were risk factors for all outcomes except renal replacement therapy. Conclusions Several chronic kidney disease–specific cardiovascular risk factors were associated with increased mortality and cardiovascular event risk in patients with non–dialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease. Graphical abstract 
Purpose Sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor (SGLT-2i) administration is associated with some concerns in regard to the increased risk of genital and urinary tract infections (UTI) in kidney transplant recipients (KTR). In this study, we present the results of SGLT-2i use in KTR, including the early post-transplant period. Methods Participants were divided into two groups: SGLT-2i-free diabetic KTR (Group 1, n = 21) and diabetic KTR using SGLT-2i (Group 2, n = 36). Group 2 was further divided into two subgroups according to the posttransplant prescription day of SGLT-2i; < 3 months (Group 2a) and ≥ 3 months (Group 2b). Groups were compared for development of genital and urinary tract infections, glycated hemoglobin a1c (HgbA1c), estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), proteinuria, weight change, and acute rejection rate during 12-month follow-up. Results Urinary tract infections prevalence was 21.1% and UTI-related hospitalization rate was 10.5% in our cohort. Prevalence of UTI and UTI-related hospitalization, eGFR, HgbA1c levels, and weight gain were similar between the SGLT-2i group and SGLT-2i-free group, at the 12-month follow-up. UTI prevalence was similar between groups 2a and 2b (p = 0.871). No case of genital infection was recorded. Significant proteinuria reduction was observed in Group 2 (p = 0.008). Acute rejection rate was higher in the SGLT-2i-free group (p = 0.040) and had an impact on 12-month follow-up eGFR (p = 0.003). Conclusion SGLT-2i in KTR is not associated with an increased risk of genital infection and UTI in diabetic KTR, even in the early posttransplant period. The use of SGLT-2i reduces proteinuria in KTR and has no adverse effects on allograft function at the 12-month follow-up .
The effects of metal exposure on kidney function have been reported in previous literature. There is limited and inconsistent information on the associations between individual and combined exposures to metals and kidney function among the middle-aged and older population. The aim of this study was to clarify the associations of exposure to individual metals with kidney function while accounting for potential coexposure to metal mixtures and to evaluate the joint and interactive associations of blood metals with kidney function. A total of 1669 adults aged 40 years and older were enrolled in the present cross-sectional study using the 2015–2016 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Single-metal and multimetal multivariable logistic regression models, quantile G-computation, and Bayesian kernel machine regression models (BKMR) were fitted to explore the individual and joint associations of whole blood metals [lead (Pb), cadmium (Cd), mercury (Hg), cobalt (Co), manganese (Mn), and selenium (Se)] with the odds of decreased estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and albuminuria. A decreased eGFR was defined as an eGFR ≤ 60 mL/min per 1.73 m^2, and albuminuria was categorized as a urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (UACR) of ≥ 30.0 mg/g. The results from quantile G-computation and BKMR indicated positive associations between exposure to the metal mixture and the prevalence of decreased eGFR and albuminuria (all P values < 0.05). These positive associations were mainly driven by blood Co, Cd, and Pb. Furthermore, blood Mn was identified as an influential element contributing to an inverse correlation with kidney dysfunction within metal mixtures. Increasing blood Se levels were negatively associated with the prevalence of decreased eGFR and positively associated with albuminuria. In addition, a potential pairwise interaction between Mn-Co on decreased eGFR was identified by BKMR analysis. Findings from our study suggested a positive association between exposure to the whole blood metal mixture and decreased kidney function, with blood Co, Pb, and Cd being the main contributors to this association, while Mn demonstrated an inverse relationship with renal dysfunction. However, as our study was cross-sectional in nature, further prospective studies are warranted to better understand the individual and combined effects of metals on kidney function. • Exposure to metal mixtures of cadmium (Cd), lead (Pb), mercury (Hg), manganese (Mn), cobalt (Co), and selenium (Se) positively associated with kidney dysfunction. • Co, Cd, Pb positively associated with kidney function impairment, Mn negatively associated with kidney function impairment. • A potential pairwise interaction between blood Mn-Co on decreased eGFR may exist.
Hypercalcemia is a vital laboratory marker because it can show underlying severe diseases like cancer and infections. Of all the causes of hypercalcemia, primary hyperparathyroidism, and malignancies are the most common, but granulomatous diseases, such as certain fungal infections, can also be the cause. Here we describe the case of a 29-year-old woman, an insulin-dependent diabetic, found unconscious and tachypneic at home. In the emergency room, the medical team diagnosed diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) and acute kidney injury (AKI). During hospitalization, despite resolving acidemia, persistent hypercalcemia attracted attention. Laboratory tests showed decreased parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels, confirming non-PTH-dependent hypercalcemia. Computed tomography (CT) of the chest and abdomen demonstrated no alterations, but an upper digestive endoscopy revealed an ulcerated and infiltrative lesion in the stomach. A biopsy showed a granulomatous infiltrate due to mucormycosis infection. The patient received liposomal amphotericin B for 30 days and isavuconazonium for two months. Serum calcium levels improved during treatment. Inquiry of the etiology of hypercalcemia should begin with the PTH assay; high levels are consistent with hyperparathyroidism; low levels, with calcium or vitamin D intoxication, malignancies, prolonged immobilization, and granulomatous diseases. In the latter cases, the overproduction of 1-alpha-hydroxylase by the granulomatous tissue increases the conversion of 25(OH)vitamin D into 1–25(OH)vitamin D, which causes the intestinal absorption of calcium. We have described the first hypercalcemia related to mucormycosis infection in a young diabetic patient, although case presentations associate other fungal infections with elevated serum calcium.
Background The importance of assessing venous congestion in ICU patients is widely acknowledged, but its study is hampered by the lack of a practical evaluation tool. The Venous Excess Ultrasound Grading System (VExUS), based on a semi-quantitative combined ultrasound assessment, has been associated with acute kidney injury (AKI) in cardiac ICU patients. The objectives of this study were to assess the prevalence of congestion using VExUS in general ICU patients, and to evaluate the association between VExUS, AKI and death. Methods This prospective, observational study included adult patients within 24 h of ICU admission. VExUS and hemodynamic parameters were measured four times during the ICU stay: within 24 h of ICU admission, after day 1 (between 24 and 48 h), after day 2 (between 48 and 72 h), and last day of ICU stay. The prevalence of AKI during the first week in ICU and 28-day mortality were assessed. Results Among the 145 patients included, the percentage of patients with a VExUS score of 2 (moderate congestion) and 3 (severe congestion) was 16% and 6%, respectively. The prevalence did not change over the study period. There was no significant association between admission VExUS scores and AKI ( p  = 0.136) or 28-day mortality ( p  = 0.594). Admission VExUS ≥ 2 was not associated with AKI (OR 0.499, CI_95% 0.21–1.17, p  = 0.109) nor 28-day mortality (OR 0.75, CI_95% 0.2–2.8, p  = 0.669). The results were similar for VExUS scores measured at day 1 and day 2. Conclusions In general ICU cohort the prevalence of moderate to severe venous congestion was low. Early assessment of systemic venous congestion using VExUS scores was not associated with the development of AKI or with 28-day mortality.
Background Chronic kidney disease progression to kidney failure is diverse, and progression may be different according to genetic aspects and settings of care. We aimed to describe kidney failure risk equation prognostic accuracy in an Australian population. Methods A retrospective cohort study was undertaken in a public hospital community-based chronic kidney disease service in Brisbane, Australia, which included a cohort of 406 adult patients with chronic kidney disease Stages 3–4 followed up over 5 years (1/1/13–1/1/18). Risk of progression to kidney failure at baseline using Kidney Failure Risk Equation models with three (eGFR/age/sex), four (add urinary-ACR) and eight variables (add serum-albumin/phosphate/bicarbonate/calcium) at 5 and 2 years were compared to actual patient outcomes. Results Of 406 patients followed up over 5 years, 71 (17.5%) developed kidney failure, while 112 died before reaching kidney failure. The overall mean difference between observed and predicted risk was 0.51% ( p  = 0.659), 0.93% ( p  = 0.602), and − 0.03% ( p  = 0.967) for the three-, four- and eight-variable models, respectively. There was small improvement in the receiver operating characteristic-area under the curve from three-variable to four-variable models: 0.888 (95%CI = 0.819–0.957) versus 0.916 (95%CI = 0.847–0.985). The eight-variable model showed marginal receiver operating characteristic-area under the curve improvement: 0.916 (95%CI = 0.847–0.985) versus 0.922 (95%CI = 0.853–0.991). The results were similar in predicting 2 year risk of kidney failure. Conclusions The kidney failure risk equation accurately predicted progression to kidney failure in an Australian chronic kidney disease population. Younger age, male sex, lower estimated glomerular filtration rate, higher albuminuria, diabetes mellitus, tobacco smoking and non-Caucasian ethnicity were associated with increased risk of kidney failure. Cause-specific cumulative incidence function for progression to kidney failure or death, stratified by chronic kidney disease stage, demonstrated differences within different chronic kidney disease stages, highlighting the interaction between comorbidity and outcome.
Diabetes kidney disease (DKD) is one of the common chronic microvascular complications of diabetes, which has become the most important cause of modern chronic kidney disease beyond chronic glomerulonephritis. The endoplasmic reticulum is one of the largest organelles, and endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) is the basic mechanism of metabolic disorder in all organs and tissues. Under the stimulation of stress-induced factors, the endoplasmic reticulum, as a trophic receptor, regulates adaptive and apoptotic ERS through molecular chaperones and three unfolded protein reaction (UPR) pathways, thereby regulating diabetic renal damage. Therefore, three pathway factors have different expressions in different sections of renal tissues. This study deeply discussed the specific reagents, animals, cells, and clinical models related to ERS in DKD, and reviewed ERS-related three pathways on DKD with glomerular filtration membrane, renal tubular reabsorption, and other pathological lesions of different renal tissues, as well as the molecular biological mechanisms related to the balance of adaption and apoptosis by searching and sorting out MeSH subject words from PubMed database.
Background The exact optimal timing of dialysis for ESKD patients remains unknown. This study systematically reviewed the available evidence with regard to the optimal initiation of maintenance dialysis in ESKD patients. Methods An electronic search was performed in Embase, PubMed and the Cochrane Library in order to find studies investigating associations between variables reference to “start of dialysis” and outcomes. Quality assessment and bias assessment were performed by the Newcastle–Ottawa scale and the ROBINSI tool. Due to the heterogeneity of studies, a meta-analysis could not be performed. Results Thirteen studies were included; four studies included only haemodialysis patients, three peritoneal dialysis, six both; study outcomes included mortality, cardiovascular events, technique failure, quality of life and others. Nine studies mainly focused on the optimal GFR of maintenance dialysis initiation; five studies showed none association between GFR and mortality or other adverse outcomes, two studies showed dialysis initiation at higher GFR levels were with poor prognosis, and 2 studies showed higher GFR levels with better prognosis. Three studies paid attention to comprehensive assessment of uremic signs and/or symptoms for optimal dialysis initiation; uremic burden based on 7 uremic indicators (hemoglobin, serum albumin, blood urea nitrogen, serum creatinine, potassium, phosphorus, and bicarbonate) were not associated with mortality; another equation (combination of sex, age, serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, serum albumin, haemoglobin, serum phosphorus, diabetes mellitus, and heart failure) based on fuzzy mathematics to assess the timing of haemodialysis initiation was accuracy to prognose 3-year survival; the third study found that volume overload or hypertension was associated with the highest risk for subsequent mortality. Two studies compared urgent or optimal start in dialysis, a study reported increased survival in optimal start patients, another reported no differences between Urgent-Start-PD and Early-Start-PD regarding 6-month outcomes. Limitations: Heterogeneity among the studies was quite high, with differences in sample size, variable and group characteristics; no RCT studies were included, which weakened the strength of evidences. Conclusions The criteria for dialysis initiation were varied. Most studies proved that GFR at dialysis initiation was not associated with mortality, timing of dialysis initiation should not be based on GFR, assessments of volume load and patient’s tolerance to volume overload are prospective approaches.
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase inhibitors (HIF-PHIs) have been approved in several countries as a supplement or even an alternative to the clinical treatment of anemia in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Activation of HIF by HIF-PHIs effectively increases hemoglobin (Hb) level in CKD patients by inducing multiple HIF downstream signaling pathways. This indicates that HIF-PHIs have effects beyond erythropoietin, while their potential benefits and risks should be necessarily assessed. Multiple clinical trials have largely demonstrated the efficacy and safety of HIF-PHIs in the short-term treatment of anemia. However, in terms of long-term administration, especially over 1 year, the benefits and risks of HIF-PHIs still need to be assessed. Particular attention should be paid to the risk of kidney disease progression, cardiovascular events, retinal diseases, and tumor risk. This review aims to summarize the current potential risks and benefits of HIF-PHIs in CKD patients with anemia and further discuss the mechanism of action and pharmacological properties of HIF-PHIs, in order to provide direction and theoretical support for future studies.
Introduction IgA nephropathy (IgAN) is the most common glomerulonephritis globally. Because of the heterogeneity of the disease prognostic biomarkers are highly needed. Aim To investigate associations between galactose-deficient IgA1 (Gd-IgA1) concentrations in plasma and urine and disease activity and progression in patients with IgAN. Methods Serum and urine samples were collected at the time of kidney biopsy (baseline) in patients with IgAN (n = 40) and analysed for Gd-IgA1. Patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) without IgAN (n = 21) and healthy controls (n = 19) were examined as controls. In 19 patients with IgAN, analyses of Gd-IgA1 were repeated after a median follow up time of approximately 10 years. Results Serum Gd-IgA1 and Gd-IgA1:IgA were significantly elevated at the time of kidney biopsy in patients with IgAN compared to patients with non-IgAN CKD and healthy controls (p < 0.001). Urinary Gd-IgA1:creatinine was significantly elevated in patients with IgAN compared to patients with non-IgAN CKD. Neither serum Gd-IgA1, nor serum Gd-IgA1:IgA, correlated significantly to estimated GFR, urine albumin:creatinine (UACR), or blood pressure, at baseline. Serum Gd-IgA1 and Gd-IgA1:IgA at time of biopsy did not correlate significantly to annual changes in eGFR or UACR during follow up. In patients with IgAN, serum Gd-IgA1 decreased significantly over time during approximately 10 years of follow up (Δ-20 ± 85%, p = 0.027). Urinary Gd-IgA1:creatinine showed a strong positive correlation to UACR in patients with IgAN and likely reflected unspecific glomerular barrier injury. Conclusion Although serum Gd-IgA1 and the Gd-IgA1:IgA ratio were significantly elevated in patients with IgAN at the time of kidney biopsy they were not related to disease activity or progression in this patient cohort.
Background Continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) is a widely used standard therapy for critically ill patients with acute kidney injury (AKI). Despite its effectiveness, treatment is often interrupted due to clot formation in the extracorporeal circuits. Anticoagulation is a crucial strategy for preventing extracorporeal circuit clotting during CRRT. While various anticoagulation options are available, there were still no studies synthetically comparing the efficacy and safety of these anticoagulation options. Methods Electronic databases (PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and the Cochrane database) were searched from inception to October 31, 2022. All randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the following outcomes were included: filter lifespan, all-cause mortality, length of stay, duration of CRRT, recovery of kidney function, adverse events and costs. Results Thirty-seven RCTs from 38 articles, comprising 2648 participants with 14 comparisons, were included in this network meta-analysis (NMA). Unfractionated heparin (UFH) and regional citrate anticoagulation (RCA) are the most frequently used anticoagulants. Compared to UFH, RCA was found to be more effective in prolonging filter lifespan (MD 12.0, 95% CI 3.8 to 20.2) and reducing the risk of bleeding. Regional-UFH plus Prostaglandin I2 (Regional-UFH + PGI2) appeared to outperform RCA (MD 37.0, 95% CI 12.0 to 62.0), LMWH (MD 41.3, 95% CI 15.6 to 67.0), and other evaluated anticoagulation options in prolonging filter lifespan. However, only a single included RCT with 46 participants had evaluated Regional-UFH + PGI2. No statistically significant difference was observed in terms of length of ICU stay, all-cause mortality, duration of CRRT, recovery of kidney function, and adverse events among most evaluated anticoagulation options. Conclusions Compared to UFH, RCA is the preferred anticoagulant for critically ill patients requiring CRRT. The SUCRA analysis and forest plot of Regional-UFH + PGI2 are limited, as only a single study was included. Additional high-quality studies are necessary before any recommendation of Regional-UFH + PGI2. Further larger high-quality RCTs are desirable to strengthen the evidence on the best choice of anticoagulation options to reduce all-cause mortality and adverse events and promote the recovery of kidney function. Trial registration The protocol of this network meta-analysis was registered on PROSPERO ( CRD42022360263 ). Registered 26 September 2022.
Introduction Renal colic is one of the most common urological emergencies, and is usually caused by ureteral colic spasms. Pain management in renal colic remains the central focus of emergency treatment. The purpose of this meta-analysis is to identify the efficacy and safety of ketamine versus opioids in the treatment of patients with renal colic. Methods We searched PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science databases for published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that referred to the use of ketamine and opioids for patients with renal colic. The methodology was based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. The mean difference (MD) or odds ratio (OR) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was used to analyze the data. The results were pooled using a fixed-effects model or random-effects model. The primary outcome measure was patient-reported pain scores 5, 15, 30, and 60 min after drug administration. The secondary outcome measure was side effects. Results The data analysis revealed that ketamine was similar to opioids in pain intensity at the time of 5 min post-dose (MD = − 0.40, 95% CI − 1.82 to 1.01, P =  0.57), 15 min post-dose (MD = − 0.15, 95% CI − 0.82 to 0.52, P =  0.67), 30 min post-dose (MD = 0.38, 95% CI − 0.25 to 1.01, P =  0.24). Also, the pain score of ketamine was better than that of opioids at 60 min after administration (MD = − 0.12, 95% CI − 0.22 to − 0.02, P =  0.02). As for safety, the ketamine group was linked to a significant decrease in the incidence of hypotensive (OR = 0.08, 95% CI 0.01–0.65, P =  0.02). The two groups did not statistically differ in the incidence of nausea, vomiting, and dizziness. Conclusions Compared with opioids, ketamine showed a longer duration of analgesia in renal colic, with satisfactory safety. Trial Registration The PROSPERO registration number is CRD42022355246.
Background Access to care for children with kidney disease is limited in less well-resourced regions of the world and paediatric nephrology (PN) workforce development with good practical skills is critical. Methods Retrospective review of a PN training program and trainee feedback from 1999 to 2021, based at Red Cross War Memorial Children’s Hospital (RCWMCH), University of Cape Town. Results A regionally appropriate 1–2-year training program enrolled 38 fellows with an initial 100% return rate to their country of origin. Program funding included fellowships from the International Pediatric Nephrology Association (IPNA), International Society of Nephrology (ISN), International Society of Peritoneal Dialysis (ISPD), and the African Paediatric Fellowship Program (APFP). Fellows were trained on both in- and out-patient management of infants and children with kidney disorders. “Hands-on skills” training included examination, diagnosis and management skills, practical insertion of peritoneal dialysis catheters for management of acute kidney injury and kidney biopsies. Of 16 trainees who completed > 1 year of training, 14 (88%) successfully completed subspecialty exams and 9 (56%) completed a master’s degree with a research component. PN fellows reported that their training was appropriate and enabled them to make a difference in their respective communities. Conclusions This training program has successfully equipped African physicians with the requisite knowledge and skills to provide PN services in resource-constrained areas for children with kidney disease. The provision of funding from multiple organizations committed to paediatric kidney disease has contributed to the success of the program, along with the fellows’ commitment to build PN healthcare capacity in Africa. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
In this plain language podcast, highlights from the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress are discussed for a second year in a row, from the perspective of both a patient advocate and a healthcare professional. The patient advocacy track at the congress included two patient-focused sessions each day on a variety of topics. Here, the authors discuss the importance of involving patients in the design of clinical trials, as well as strategies to improve dialogue and connections between clinicians, researchers and patients. Patient advocacy organisations provide essential services to patients with cancer and their caregivers, and patient advocates play a critical role in helping to inform patients and caregivers in making clinical decisions. Congresses such as ESMO provide an important platform for patient advocates to connect with each other and with physicians and researchers to ensure that patients are placed at the centre of the conversation and are up to date on the latest findings that affect them. The authors also discuss the latest research on genitourinary cancers, focusing on bladder and kidney cancer. Promising results are emerging for combination antibody–drug conjugates and immunotherapy for patients with hard-to-treat, locally advanced or metastatic bladder cancer who are ineligible for platinum-based chemotherapy. In the management of kidney cancer, we may be reaching an end for immune checkpoint inhibitors on their own; the path ahead will be to find new targets and combinations. Podcast Audio (MP4 169766 KB)
Background Epidemics of chronic kidney disease of undetermined causes (CKDu) among young male agricultural workers have been observed in many tropical regions. Western Kenya has similar climatic and occupational characteristics as many of those areas. The study objectives were to characterize prevalence and predictors of CKDu, such as, HIV, a known cause of CKD, in a sugarcane growing region of Kenya; and to estimate prevalence of CKDu across occupational categories and evaluate if physically demanding work or sugarcane work are associated with reduced eGFR. Methods The Disadvantaged Populations eGFR Epidemiology Study (DEGREE) protocol was followed in a cross-sectional study conducted in Kisumu County, Western Kenya. Multivariate logistic regression was performed to identify predictors of reduced eGFR. Results Among 782 adults the prevalence of eGFR < 90 was 9.85%. Among the 612 participants without diabetes, hypertension, and heavy proteinuria the prevalence of eGFR < 90 was 8.99% (95%CI 6.8%, 11.5%) and 0.33% (95%CI 0.04%, 1.2%) had eGFR < 60. Among the 508 participants without known risk factors for reduced eGFR (including HIV), the prevalence of eGFR < 90 was 5.12% (95%CI 3.4%, 7.4%); none had eGFR < 60. Significant risk factors for reduced eGFR were sublocation, age, body mass index, and HIV. No association was found between reduced eGFR and work in the sugarcane industry, as a cane cutter, or in physically demanding occupations. Conclusion CKDu is not a common public health problem in this population, and possibly this region. We recommend that future studies should consider HIV to be a known cause of reduced eGFR. Factors other than equatorial climate and work in agriculture may be important determinants of CKDu epidemics.
Background Non-invasive, prompt, and proper detection tools for kidney graft injuries (KGIs) are awaited to ensure graft longevity. We screened diagnostic biomarkers for KGIs following kidney transplantation using extracellular vesicles (EVs; exosomes and microvesicles) from the urine samples of patients. Methods One hundred and twenty-seven kidney recipients at 11 Japanese institutions were enrolled in this study; urine samples were obtained prior to protocol/episode biopsies. EVs were isolated from urine samples, and EV RNA markers were assayed using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. Diagnostic performance of EV RNA markers and diagnostic formulas comprising these markers were evaluated by comparison with the corresponding pathological diagnoses. Results EV CXCL9, CXCL10, and UMOD were elevated in T-cell-mediated rejection samples compared with other KGI samples, while SPNS2 was elevated in chronic antibody-mediated rejection (cABMR) samples. A diagnostic formula developed through Sparse Logistic Regression analysis using EV RNA markers allowed us to accurately (with an area under the receiver operator characteristic curve [AUC] of 0.875) distinguish cABMR from other KGI samples. EV B4GALT1 and SPNS2 were also elevated in cABMR, and a diagnostic formula using these markers was able to distinguish between cABMR and chronic calcineurin toxicity accurately (AUC 0.886). In interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy (IFTA) urine samples and those with high Banff chronicity score sums (BChS), POTEM levels may reflect disease severity, and diagnostic formulas using POTEM detected IFTA (AUC 0.830) and high BChS (AUC 0.850). Conclusions KGIs could be diagnosed with urinary EV mRNA analysis with relatively high accuracy.
Background Arteriovenous fistula (AVF) due to renal allograft biopsy is mechanical trauma resulting from the penetration of small arteries and veins by a core needle. Most AVFs are reported to resolve asymptomatically and spontaneously. This report presents a patient with acute kidney injury (AKI) due to urinary tract obstruction caused by a bleeding AVF in a renal allograft. Case presentation A 22-year-old Japanese woman who underwent living-donor kidney transplantation (KT) at 3 years due to end-stage renal disease caused by focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) presented with a renal transplant AVF (gourd-shaped; 42 × 19 × 20 mm). The AVF was unexpectedly discovered by ultrasound before a surveillance biopsy at 10 years after KT. The patient had a history of recurrent FSGS, had undergone several renal allograft biopsies after KT, and did not experience symptoms or growth of the AVF for years. Nineteen years after KT, the patient developed AKI with sudden, asymptomatic, gross hematuria and anuria. Plain computed tomography revealed a hematoma in the pelvis of the renal allograft and bladder tamponade. The AVF was successfully treated by coil embolization. Hemodialysis was performed for AKI, and graft function was gradually recovered. Conclusions Unexpected bleeding from a renal transplant AVF may lead to transplant dysfunction. Angiographic embolization against the ruptured renal transplant AVF may prevent rebleeding and rescue the renal allograft.
Purpose To evaluate the incidence, diagnosis and treatment of immune-related adverse events (e-irAE) of checkpoint inhibition (ICI) in metastatic urothelial carcinoma (mUC) and metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC). Methods A retrospective, single-center study was conducted to identify a cohort that received ICI for mUC or mRCC. e-irAE were classified according to the CTCAE V.5.0. Patients received ICI for mUC or mCC between 01/2017 and 03/2021. A retrospective chart review was performed. T-Test, the chi-squared test, and Fisher's exact test were performed. Results 102 Patients received ICI [mUC: 40 (39%), mRCC: 62 (61%)]. 64 (63%) received an ICI monotherapy, 27 (27%) a dual ICI therapy, 11 (11%) a combination with VEGFi. e-irAE occurred in 19 (19%) patients [grade 1–2: 17 (84%), grade 3: 3 (16%)]. The median time until e-irAE was 42 days (range 11–211 days). 14 Patients developed thyroidism (14%), 4 (4%) a hypophysitis, 1 (1%) an adrenal insufficiency (AI). 7 patients (7%) had to discontinue ICI therapy [hypophysitis (100%), AI (100%), thyroidism (14%)]. 6 (86%) received cortisone. After a median range of 34 days 5 patients (71%) restarted ICI therapy. All patients (n = 4) with hypophysitis continued ICI [4 (100%) prednisone, 3 (75%) levothyroxine]. 11 (79%) presented with hyperthyroidism. 4 (37%) needed therapy (1 (7%) prednisone, 3 (21%) thiamazole, 2 (14%) beta blocker). The 9 (64%) patients with hypothyroidism received levothyroxine. Hypophysitis appears only on dual ICI (CTLA-4/PD-1) inhibition (p 0.007). Conclusion This study shows the importance of adequate diagnosis and therapy of e-irAEs.
Exposure to dust storm particulate matter (PM) is detrimental to kidney tissue. In this study, the impacts of chronic intake of dusty PM were explored as a major objective in a specified compartment to make a real-like dust storm (DS) model, and the role of hesperidin (HSP) as an antioxidant on kidney tissue was assessed in rats. Thirty-two male Wistar rats (200-220 g) were randomly allocated into 4 groups: CA+NS: (clean air and normal saline as a vehicle of HSP). Dusty PM and NS (DS+NS). HSP+ CA: rats received 200 mg/kg of HSP by gavage for 28 days, once daily in addition to exposure to clean air. HSP+DS: HSP plus DS. In DS groups, the animals were exposed to dust storms at a concentration of 5000-8000 μg/m^3 in the chamber for 1 h daily, for 4 consecutive weeks, except Thursdays and Fridays. At the end of the experiment, the animals were sacrificed for biochemical, inflammatory, oxidative stress, molecular parameters, and histological evaluation. DS significantly enhanced blood urea nitrogen and creatinine, inflammatory (tumor necrosis factor-α, and interleukin-1β), and oxidative stress indexes. Likewise, a significant increase was seen in mRNA Smads, collagen-I, and transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1) expressions in the kidney. Histological findings showed contracted glomeruli and kidney structure disorder. In addition, Masson’s trichrome staining demonstrated renal fibrosis. Nevertheless, HSP could significantly reverse these changes. Our data confirmed that DS results in kidney fibrosis through enhancing Smads/TGF-β1 signaling. However, HSP was able to inhibit these changes as confirmed by histological findings. Graphical abstract 
Background EAU guidelines strongly recommend kidney sparing surgery (KSS) as the primary treatment option for the low-risk UTUC patients. While there are few reports involving the KSS treated for the high-risk counterparts, especially the ureteral resection. Objective To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of the segmental ureterectomy (SU) for the patients with high-risk ureteral carcinoma. Materials and methods We included 20 patients from May 2017 to December 2021 who underwent segmental ureterectomy (SU) in Henan Provincial People’s Hospital. The overall survival (OS) and progression free survival (PFS) were evaluated. Besides, the ECOG scores and postoperative complications were also included. Results As of December 2022, the mean OS was 62.1months (95%CI:55.6-68.6months) and the mean PFS was 45.0months (95%CI:35.9-54.1months). The median OS and median PFS were not reached. The 3-year OS rate was 70% and the 3-year PFS rate was 50%. The percentage of Clavien I and II complications was 15%. Conclusion For the selected patients with high-risk ureteral carcinoma, the efficacy and safety of segmental ureterectomy were satisfactory. But we still need to conduct prospective or randomized study to validate the value of SU in patients with high-risk ureteral carcinoma.
Purpose Chronic pruritus significantly impairs hemodialysis patients’ health status and quality of life (QOL) and it is associated with higher mortality rate, more frequent hospitalizations, poorer dialysis and medication adherence, and deteriorated mental status. However, pruritus is still underestimated, underdiagnosed, and undertreated in the real-life clinical scenario. We investigated prevalence, clinical characteristics, clinical correlates, severity as well as physical and psychological burden of chronic pruritus among adult hemodialysis patients in a large international real-world cohort. Methods We conducted a retrospective cross-sectional study of patients registered in 152 Fresenius Medical Care (FMC) NephroCare clinics located in Italy, France, Ireland, United Kingdom, and Spain. Demographic and medical data were retrieved from the EuCliD® (European Clinical) database, while information on pruritus and QoL were abstracted from KDQOL™-36 and 5-D Itch questionnaire scores. Results A total of 6221 patients were included, of which 1238 were from France, 163 Ireland, 1469 Italy, 2633 Spain, and 718 UK. The prevalence of mild-to-severe pruritus was 47.9% ( n  = 2977 patients). Increased pruritus severity was associated with increased use of antidepressants, antihistamines, and gabapentin. Patients with severe pruritus more likely suffered from diabetes, more frequently missed dialysis sessions, and underwent more hospitalizations due to infections. Both mental and physical QOL scores were progressively lower as the severity of pruritus increased; this association was robust to adjustment for potential confounders. Conclusion This international real-world analysis confirms that chronic pruritus is a highly prevalent condition among dialysis patients and highlights its considerable burden on several dimensions of patients’ life.
Postoperative acute kidney injury (AKI) is a prevalent condition and associated with increased morbidity and mortality following cardiac surgery. This study aimed to investigate the association of underweight and obesity with adverse postoperative renal outcomes in infants and young children undergoing congenital heart surgery. This retrospective cohort study included patients aged from 1 month to 5 years who underwent congenital heart surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass at the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University from January 2016 to March 2022. On the basis of the percentile of body mass index (BMI) for age and sex, eligible participants were divided into three nutritional groups: normal bodyweight, underweight (BMI P5), and obesity (BMI P95). Primary outcomes included postoperative AKI and major adverse kidney events within 30 days (MAKE30). Multivariable logistic regression was performed to determine the association of underweight and obesity with postoperative outcomes. The same analyses were reproduced for classifying patients using weight-for-height instead of BMI. A total of 2,079 eligible patients were included in the analysis, including 1,341 (65%) patients in the normal bodyweight group, 683 (33%) patients in the underweight group, and 55 (2.6%) patients in the obesity group. Postoperative AKI (16% vs. 26% vs. 38%; P  < 0.001) and MAKE30 (2.5% vs. 6.4% vs. 9.1%; P  < 0.001) were more likely to occur in the underweight and obesity groups. After adjusting for potential confounders, underweight (OR1.39; 95% CI 1.08-1.79; P  = 0.008) and obesity (OR 3.85; 95% CI 1.97–7.50; P  < 0.001) were found to be associated with an increased risk of postoperative AKI. In addition, both underweight (OR 1.89; 95% CI 1.14–3.14; P  = 0.014) and obesity (OR 3.14; 95% CI 1.08-9.09; P  = 0.035) were independently associated with MAKE30. Similar results were also found when weight-for-height was used instead of BMI.     Conclusion : In infants and young children undergoing congenital heart surgery, underweight and obesity are independently associated with postoperative AKI and MAKE30. These results may help assess prognosis in underweight and obese patients, and will guide future quality improvement efforts. What is Known: • Postoperative acute kidney injury (AKI) is prevalent and associated with increased morbidity and mortality following pediatric cardiac surgery. • Major adverse kidney events within 30 days (MAKE30) have been recommended as a patient-centered endpoint for evaluating AKI clinical trajectories. A growing concern arises for underweight and obesity in children with congenital heart disease. What is New: • Prevalence of underweight and obesity among infants and young children undergoing congenital heart surgery was 33% and 2.6%, respectively. • Both underweight and obesity were independently associated with postoperative AKI and MAKE30 following congenital heart surgery.
Despite being rarely discussed, perinephric lymphatics are involved in many pathological and benign processes. The lymphatic system in the kidneys has a harmonious dynamic with ureteral and venous outflow, which can result in pathology when this dynamic is disturbed. Although limited by the small size of lymphatics, multiple established and emerging imaging techniques are available to visualize perinephric lymphatics. Manifestations of perirenal pathology may be in the form of dilation of perirenal lymphatics, as with peripelvic cysts and lymphangiectasia. Lymphatic collections may also occur, either congenital or as a sequela of renal surgery or transplantation. The perirenal lymphatics are also intimately involved in lymphoproliferative disorders, such as lymphoma as well as the malignant spread of disease. Although these pathologic entities often have overlapping imaging features, some have distinguishing characteristics that can suggest the diagnosis when paired with the clinical history.
Background Hyponatremia is a common electrolyte disorder in patients with chronic kidney disease. In addition, hyponatremia is associated with mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease, including those on dialysis. However, few studies have examined this relationship in patients with incident dialysis. Methods We used a database of multicenter prospective cohort studies that included 1520 incident dialysis patients. The baseline was set at the time of dialysis initiation. The enrolled patients were classified into five groups according to their serum sodium levels (< 130 mEq/L, 130–134 mEq/L, 135–139 mEq/L, 140–144 mEq/L, and ≥ 145 mEq/L). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis was conducted to determine factors associated with all-cause mortality. Results A total of 392 all-cause deaths occurred during the follow-up period. The ultrafiltration volume per body weight during the first dialysis session was more significant in the groups with the lowest and highest sodium levels. The percentage of patients using loop diuretics and thiazide was higher in the group with lower sodium levels (< 130 mEq/L and 130–134 mEq/L). All-cause mortality was significantly different among the five groups ( p  = 0.025). Multivariate analysis indicated that all-cause mortality was significantly higher in the group with the lowest sodium level compared to the group with a serum sodium level of 135–139 mEq/L (hazard ratio: 1.61, 95% confidence interval: 1.04–2.49). Conclusion Hyponatremia of < 130 mEq/L at dialysis initiation was significantly associated with all-cause mortality. We considered the results relevant to underlying conditions, including cardiovascular disease and medications.
Objective The hypersensitivity of the kidney makes it susceptible to hypoxia injury. The involvement of neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) in renal injury resulting from hypobaric hypoxia (HH) has not been reported. In this study, we aimed to investigate the expression of NETs in renal injury induced by HH and the possible underlying mechanism. Methods A total of 24 SD male rats were divided into three groups ( n =8 each): normal control group, hypoxia group and hypoxia+pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate (PDTC) group. Rats in hypoxia group and hypoxia+PDTC group were placed in animal chambers with HH which was caused by simulating the altitude at 7000 meters (oxygen partial pressure about 6.9 kPa) for 7 days. PDTC was administered at a dose of 100 mg/kg intraperitoneally once daily for 7 days. Pathological changes of the rat renal tissues were observed under a light microscope; the levels of serum creatinine (SCr), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), cell-free DNA (cf-DNA) and reactive oxygen species (ROS) were measured; the expression levels of myeloperoxidase (MPO), citrullinated histone H3 (cit-H3), B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2), Bax, nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB) p65 and phospho-NF-κB p65 (p-NF-κB p65) in rat renal tissues were detected by qRT-qPCR and Western blotting; the localization of NF-κB p65 expression in rat renal tissues was observed by immunofluorescence staining and the expression changes of NETs in rat renal tissues were detected by multiplex fluorescence immunohistochemical staining. Results After hypoxia, the expression of NF-κB protein in renal tissues was significantly increased, the levels of SCr, BUN, cf-DNA and ROS in serum were significantly increased, the formation of NETs in renal tissues was significantly increased, and a large number of tubular dilatation and lymphocyte infiltration were observed in renal tissues. When PDTC was used to inhibit NF-κB activation, NETs formation in renal tissue was significantly decreased, the expression level of Bcl-2 in renal tissues was significantly increased, the expression level of Bax was significantly decreased, and renal injury was significantly alleviated. Conclusion HH induces the formation of NETs through the NF-κB signaling pathway, and it promotes apoptosis and aggravates renal injury by decreasing Bcl-2 and increasing Bax expression.
Background Clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) is the most common type of kidney cancer and is notorious for its resistance to both chemotherapy and small-molecule inhibitor targeted therapies. Subcellular targeted cancer therapy may thwart the resistance to produce a substantial effect. Methods We tested whether the resistance can be circumvented by subcellular targeted cancer therapy with DZ-CIS, which is a chemical conjugate of the tumor-cell specific heptamethine carbocyanine dye (HMCD) with cisplatin (CIS), a chemotherapeutic drug with limited use in ccRCC treatment because of frequent renal toxicity. Results DZ-CIS displayed cytocidal effects on Caki-1, 786-O, ACHN, and SN12C human ccRCC cell lines and mouse Renca cells in a dose-dependent manner and inhibited ACHN and Renca tumor formation in experimental mouse models. Noticeably, in tumor-bearing mice, repeated DZ-CIS use did not cause renal toxicity, in contrast to the CIS-treated control animals. In ccRCC tumors, DZ-CIS treatment inhibited proliferation markers but induced cell death marker levels. In addition, DZ-CIS at half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) sensitized Caki-1 cells to small-molecule mTOR inhibitors. Mechanistically, DZ-CIS selectively accumulated in ccRCC cells’ subcellular organelles, where it damages the structure and function of mitochondria, leading to cytochrome C release, caspase activation, and apoptotic cancer cell death. Conclusions Results from this study strongly suggest DZ-CIS be tested as a safe and effective subcellular targeted cancer therapy.
Background Multidisciplinary care is well established in clinical practice, but its effectiveness in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) remains unclear. The aim of this study was to determine whether multidisciplinary care could help to avoid worsening kidney function in patients with CKD. Methods This nationwide study had a multicenter retrospective observational design and included 3015 Japanese patients with CKD stage 3–5 who received multidisciplinary care. We assessed the annual decrease in estimated glomerular filtration rate (ΔeGFR) and urinary protein in the 12 months before and 24 months after the start of multidisciplinary care. All-cause mortality and initiation of renal replacement therapy were investigated according to baseline characteristics. Results Most of the patients had CKD stage 3b or higher and a median eGFR of 23.5 mL/min/1.73 m^2. The multidisciplinary care teams consisted of health care professionals from an average of four disciplines. ΔeGFR was significantly smaller at 6, 12, and 24 months after initiation of multidisciplinary care (all P  < 0.0001), regardless of the primary cause of CKD and its stage when multidisciplinary intervention was started. Urinary protein level also decreased after initiation of multidisciplinary care. After a median follow-up of 2.9 years, 149 patients had died and 727 had started renal replacement therapy. Conclusion Multidisciplinary care may significantly slow the decline in eGFR in patients with CKD and might be effective regardless of the primary disease, including in its earlier stages. Multidisciplinary care is recommended for patients with CKD stage 3–5. Trial registration UMIN00004999.
Background Preterm birth and fetal growth restriction (FGR) are associated with structural and functional kidney changes, increasing long-term risk for chronic kidney disease and hypertension. However, recent studies in preterm children are conflicting, indicating structural changes but normal kidney function. This study therefore assessed kidney structure and function in a cohort of adolescents born very preterm with and without verified FGR. Methods Adolescents born very preterm with FGR and two groups with appropriate birthweight (AGA) were included; one matched for gestational week at birth and one born at term. Cortical and medullary kidney volumes and T1 and T2* mapping values were assessed by magnetic resonance imaging. Biochemical markers of kidney function and renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system (RAAS) activation were analyzed. Results Sixty-four adolescents were included (13–16 years; 48% girls). Very preterm birth with FGR showed smaller total (66 vs. 75 ml/m^2; p  = 0.01) and medullary volume (19 vs. 24 ml/m^2; p  < 0.0001) compared to term AGA. Corticomedullary volume ratio decreased from preterm FGR (2.4) to preterm AGA (2.2) to term AGA (1.9; p = 0.004). There were no differences in T1 or T2* values (all p  ≥ 0.34) or in biochemical markers (all p  ≥ 0.12) between groups. Conclusions FGR with abnormal fetal blood flow followed by very preterm birth is associated with smaller total kidney and medullary kidney volumes, but not with markers of kidney dysfunction or RAAS activation in adolescence. Decreased total kidney and medullary volumes may still precede a long-term decrease in kidney function, and potentially be used as a prognostic marker. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background The reality of cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury (CIA) and its effects on long-term renal function remain unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the incidence and risk factors for CIA development, and if CIA is a useful predictor of long-term renal dysfunction after cisplatin treatment. Methods This was a retrospective, single-center, observational, longitudinal follow-up, large cohort study in adult patients with solid tumors treated with cisplatin-based systematic chemotherapy. Electronic medical records were used for all demographic and medical data. AKI was defined by Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria. We assessed long-term renal dysfunction using %ΔeGFR/Y; (the last eGFR value during follow-up)—(the baseline eGFR)/(the baseline eGFR)/year of follow-up × 100. Results A total of 2191 patients received 8,482 cycles of cisplatin. CIA was observed 359 times (4.2%). Significant risk factors for developing CIA, using multiple linear regression analysis, included: cisplatin administration immediately before the onset of CIA ( p  < 0.01), liver cancer ( p  = 0.02), colon cancer ( p  = 0.04), hypertension ( p  = 0.03), high estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) ( p  < 0.01), and high C-reactive protein (CRP) ( p  = 0.04). Significant risk factors for %ΔeGFR/Y, using multivariate linear regression analysis, included: esophageal cancer ( p  < 0.01), lung cancer ( p  < 0.01), pharyngeal cancer ( p  = 0.02), Head and neck cancer ( p  < 0.01), liver cancer ( p  = 0.02), potassium ( p  < 0.01), and CIA ( p  < 0.01). Conclusions To our knowledge, this is the first study to show that CIA is a significant predictive risk factor for long-term renal dysfunction after cisplatin administration. Effective strategies are needed to prevent CIA in cancer patients.
It is unknown whether intensive control of blood pressure (BP) and lipids can delay the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD). This study examined the combined association of strict targets of systolic BP (SBP) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels with adverse kidney outcomes. In total, 2012 patients from the KoreaN Cohort Study for Outcomes in Patients With CKD (KNOW-CKD) were classified into four groups according to SBP of 120 mmHg and LDL-C of 70 mg/dl: group 1, <120 and <70; group 2, <120 and ≥70; group 3, ≥120 and <70; group 4, ≥120 and ≥70. We constructed time-varying models treating two variables as time-varying exposures. The primary outcome was the progression of CKD, defined as a ≥50% decrease in estimated glomerular filtration rate from the baseline or the onset of kidney failure requiring replacement therapy. The primary outcome events occurred in 27.9%, 26.7%, 40.3%, and 39.1% from groups 1 to 4. In the time-varying model, the hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) for the primary outcome were 0.48 (0.33–0.69), 0.78 (0.63–0.96), and 0.96 (0.74–1.23) for groups 1 to 3, respectively, compared with group 4. When less stringent cut-offs of SBP of 130 mmHg and LDL-C of 100 mg/dl were used, this graded association was lost, while only SBP was associated with adverse kidney outcomes. In this study, the lower targets of SBP of <120 mmHg and LDL-C < 70 mg/dl were synergistically associated with a lower risk of adverse kidney outcomes.
Although renin–angiotensin system (RAS) inhibitors reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients, they are often discontinued in clinical practice due to drug-related adverse events. However, limited evidence is available about the clinical impact of RAS inhibitor discontinuation in CKD patients. A comprehensive search of publications investigating the effect of discontinuing RAS inhibitors on clinical outcomes in CKD patients in PubMed, the Cochrane Library, and Web of Science was conducted (inception to November 7, 2022), and potentially relevant studies were searched by hand (through November 30, 2022). Two reviewers independently extracted data according to the PRISMA and MOOSE guidelines and assessed the quality of each study with risk-of-bias tools, RoB2 and ROBINS-I. The pooled hazard ratio (HR) for each outcome was integrated with a random-effect model. A total of 1 randomized clinical trial and 6 observational studies involving 248,963 patients were included in the systematic review. The meta-analysis of observational studies showed that discontinuation of RAS inhibitors was associated with a higher risk of all-cause mortality (HR, 1.41 [95% CI, 1.23–1.62]; I ^2 = 97%), ESKD (1.32 [95% CI, 1.10–1.57]; I ^2 = 94%) and MACE (1.20 [95% CI 1.15–1.25]; I ^2 = 38%), but not with hyperkalemia (0.79 [95% CI 0.55–1.15]; I ^2 = 90%). Overall risk of bias was moderate-to-serious, and quality of evidence (GRADE system) was low-to-very low. The present study suggests that CKD patients would benefit from continuing RAS inhibitors.
Purpose of Review Secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT) likely contributes to the high prevalence of cognitive decline found among individuals with end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Our objective is to critically evaluate the recent literature regarding the association between SHPT and cognitive decline and identify potential mechanisms. Recent Findings Nine studies assessing the relationship between SHPT and cognition have been published in the last two decades, each showing that elevated parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels were associated with cognitive decline. One also found structural changes within the brain related to SHPT. Additionally, two found that SHPT treatment decreases the risk of cognitive decline in ESKD patients. Summary SHPT is associated with cognitive impairment. However, the severity of SHPT associated with these changes and the specific cognitive domains affected remain unclear. Future studies are needed to focus on specific cognitive domains, the trajectory of cognitive decline, and optimal treatment strategies including the impact of kidney transplant and tertiary hyperparathyroidism.
Delayed graft function (DGF) is one of the key post-operative challenges for a subset of kidney transplantation (KTx) patients. Graft survival is significantly lower in recipients who have experienced DGF than in those who have not. Assessing the risk of chronic graft injury, predicting graft rejection, providing personalized treatment, and improving graft survival are major strategies for predictive, preventive, and personalized medicine (PPPM/3PM) to promote the development of transplant medicine. However, since PPPM aims to accurately identify disease by integrating multiple omics, current methods to predict DGF and graft survival can still be improved. Renal ischemia/reperfusion injury (IRI) is a pathological process experienced by all KTx recipients that can result in varying occurrences of DGF, chronic rejection, and allograft failure depending on its severity. During this process, a necroinflammation-mediated necroptosis-dependent secondary wave of cell death significantly contributes to post-IRI tubular cell loss. In this article, we obtained the expression matrices and corresponding clinical data from the GEO database. Subsequently, nine differentially expressed necroinflammation-associated necroptosis-related genes (NiNRGs) were identified by correlation and differential expression analysis. The subtyping of post-KTx IRI samples relied on consensus clustering; the grouping of prognostic risks and the construction of predictive models for DGF (the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of the internal validation set and the external validation set were 0.730 and 0.773, respectively) and expected graft survival after a biopsy (the internal validation set’s 1-year AUC: 0.770; 2-year AUC: 0.702; and 3-year AUC: 0.735) were based on the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator regression algorithms. The results of the immune infiltration analysis showed a higher infiltration abundance of myeloid immune cells, especially neutrophils, macrophages, and dendritic cells, in the cluster A subtype and prognostic high-risk groups. Therefore, in the framework of PPPM, this work provides a comprehensive exploration of the early expression landscape, related pathways, immune features, and prognostic impact of NiNRGs in post-KTx patients and assesses their capabilities as. predictors of post-KTx DGF and graft loss, targets of the vicious loop between regulated tubular cell necrosis and necroinflammation for targeted secondary and tertiary prevention, and references for personalized immunotherapy.
Background There is paucity of information regarding the etiology and outcomes of Acute Kidney Disease (AKD) in children. Methods The objectives of this cohort study were to evaluate the etiology and outcomes of AKD; and analyze predictors of kidney survival (defined as free of CKD 2, 3a, 3b, 4 or 5). Patients aged 1 month to 18 years who developed AKD over a 4-year-period (January 2018-December 2021) were enrolled. Survivors were followed-up at the pediatric nephrology clinic, and screened for residual kidney injury. Results Among 5710 children who developed AKI, 200 who developed AKD were enrolled. The median (IQR) eGFR was 17.03 (10.98, 28) mL/min/1.73 m^2. Acute glomerulonephritis, acute tubular necrosis (ATN), hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS), sepsis-associated AKD, and snake envenomation comprised of 69 (34.5%), 39 (19.5%), 24 (12%), 23 (11.5%) and 15 (7.5%) of the patients respectively. Overall, 88 (44%) children required kidney replacement therapy (KRT). There were 37 (18.5%) deaths within the AKD period. At a follow-up of 90 days, 32 (16%) progressed to chronic kidney disease stage-G2 or greater. At a median (IQR) follow-up of 24 (6, 36.5) months (n = 154), 27 (17.5%) had subnormal eGFR, and 20 (12.9%) had persistent proteinuria and/or hypertension. Requirement of KRT predicted kidney survival (free of CKD 2, 3a, 3b, 4 or 5) in AKD (HR 6.7, 95% CI 1.2, 46.4) (p 0.04). Conclusions Acute glomerulonephritis, ATN, HUS, sepsis-associated AKD and snake envenomation were common causes of AKD. Mortality in AKD was 18.5%, and 16% progressed to CKD-G2 or greater at 90-day follow-up.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) after transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) is a serious complication which is associated with increased mortality. The RenalGuard system was developed to reduce the risk of AKI after contrast media exposition by furosemide-induced diuresis with matched isotonic intravenous hydration. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of the RenalGuard system on the occurrence of AKI after TAVI in patients with chronic kidney disease. Methods The present study is a single-center randomized trial including patients with severe aortic valve stenosis undergoing TAVI. Overall, a total of 100 patients treated by TAVI between January 2017 and August 2018 were randomly assigned to a periprocedural treatment with the RenalGuard system or standard treatment by pre- and postprocedural intravenous hydration. Primary endpoint was the occurrence of AKI after TAVI, and secondary endpoints were assessed according to valve academic research consortium 2 criteria. Results Overall, the prevalence of AKI was 18.4% ( n =  18). The majority of these patients developed mild AKI according to stage 1. Comparing RenalGuard to standard therapy, no significant differences were observed in the occurrence of AKI (RenalGuard: 21.3%; control group: 15.7%; p =  0.651). In addition, there were no differences between the groups with regard to 30-day and 12-month mortality and procedure-associated complication rates. Conclusion In this randomized trial, we did not detect a reduction in AKI after TAVI by using the RenalGuard system. A substantial number of patients with chronic kidney disease developed AKI after TAVI, whereas the majority presented with mild AKI according to stage 1 (ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT04537325). Graphical abstract 
Background and purpose The precise segmentation of the kidneys in computed tomography (CT) images is vital in urology for diagnosis, treatment, and surgical planning. Medical experts can get assistance through segmentation, as it provides information about kidney malformations in terms of shape and size. Manual segmentation is slow, tedious, and not reproducible. An automatic computer-aided system is a solution to this problem. This paper presents an automated kidney segmentation technique based on active contour and deep learning. Materials and methods In this work, 210 CTs from the KiTS 19 repository were used. The used dataset was divided into a train set (168 CTs), test set (21 CTs), and validation set (21 CTs). The suggested technique has broadly four phases: (1) extraction of kidney regions using active contours, (2) preprocessing, (3) kidney segmentation using 3D U-Net, and (4) reconstruction of the segmented CT images. Results The proposed segmentation method has received the Dice score of 97.62%, Jaccard index of 95.74%, average sensitivity of 98.28%, specificity of 99.95%, and accuracy of 99.93% over the validation dataset. Conclusion The proposed method can efficiently solve the problem of tumorous kidney segmentation in CT images by using active contour and deep learning. The active contour was used to select kidney regions and 3D-UNet was used for precisely segmenting the tumorous kidney.
Purpose Although congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) are among the leading causes of end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) in children and young adults, kidney transplantation access for this population has not been well studied in the US. We compared transplantation access in the US based on whether the etiology of kidney disease was secondary to CAKUT, and additionally by CAKUT subgroups (anatomic vs. inherited causes of CAKUT). Methods Using the United States Renal Data System, we conducted a retrospective cohort study of 80,531 children and young adults who started dialysis between 1995 and 2015. We used adjusted Cox models to examine the association between etiology of kidney disease (CAKUT vs. non-CAKUT, anatomic vs. inherited) and receipt of kidney transplantation, and secondarily, receipt of a living vs. deceased donor kidney transplant. Results Overall, we found an increased likelihood of kidney transplantation access for participants with CAKUT compared to those without CAKUT (HR 1.23; 95% CI 1.20–1.27). Among the subset of individuals with CAKUT as the attributed cause of ESKD, we found a lower likelihood of kidney transplantation in those with anatomic causes of CAKUT compared to those with inherited causes of CAKUT (adjusted HR 0.85; 0.81–0.90). Conclusion There are notable disparities in kidney transplantation rates among CAKUT subgroups. Those with anatomic causes of CAKUT started on dialysis have significantly reduced access to kidney transplantations compared to individuals with inherited causes of CAKUT who were initiated on dialysis. Further studies are needed to understand barriers to transplantation access in this population.
Increased triglycerides (TG) and decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) are dyslipidemias characteristic of diabetes. Here, we aimed to examine associations of TG/HDL-C ratio with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and kidney dysfunction among patients with diabetic nephropathy. This retrospective observational study consists of patients with biopsy-proven diabetic nephropathy at Nara Medical University Hospital. Exposure of interest was TG/HDL-C ratio measured at kidney biopsy. Outcome variables were kidney histological findings, incident CVD and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Multivariable logistic regression models and Cox proportional hazard models were used to examined these associations. A total of 353 subjects were divided into quartiles based on TG/HDL-C ratio: Quartile 1 (reference), <1.96; Quartile 2, 1.96−3.10; Quartile 3, 3.11−4.55; and Quartile 4, ≥4.56. TG/HDL-C ratio was not a predictor of any histological findings in fully adjusted models. During median follow-up periods of 6.2 and 7.3 years, 152 and 90 subjects developed CVD and ESKD, respectively. Higher TG/HDL-C ratio was independently associated with higher incidences of CVD even after adjustments for potential confounders (hazard ratio [95% confidence interval] for Quartile 3 vs. reference; 1.73 [1.08−2.79] and Quartile 4 vs. reference; 1.86 [1.10−3.17]). Although there was a weak association between TG/HDL-C ratio and ESKD in the univariable model, the association was not significant in fully adjusted models. In conclusion, among patients with biopsy-proven diabetic nephropathy, higher TG/HDL-C ratio was independently associated with higher incidences of CVD but not with kidney outcomes, suggesting different impact of TG/HDL-C ratio on cardiorenal outcomes.
Aim A plethora of investigative procedures have been employed to elucidate the exit of an ectopic ureter in girls. MR Urogram has been the most promising so far, but it still falls short of accurately mapping out the precise exit of the ectopic ureter. Of course, the real question is, is it necessary? We report on two girls with complete duplex systems and primary urinary incontinence to highlight the proposed use of the laparoscopic approach to isolate the exit of the ectopic ureter. Methods Two girls with a complete duplex kidney with primary urinary incontinence on functional imaging confirmed nonfunctioning upper moiety. The patients underwent laparoscopic upper moiety nephrectomy. After dividing the upper moiety ureter, a guide wire (GW) was inserted antegrade to detect the distal ectopic ureteric orifice. Results In both patients, the GW was noted to exit in the urethrovaginal ridge. The proposed advantages of this maneuver are that an ectopic exit outside the urinary tract confirms that the stump does not need ligation and can be left open. Furthermore, a bladder catheter is unnecessary. In addition, antegrade guide-wiring of the ureter facilitates safe spatulation of the ureteric stump without much dissection to separate from the lower moiety ureter, to lay it open and reduce the risk of stump-related problems, and finally, the opportunity to document the exact exit site. Conclusion Laparoscopic detection of a ureteric orifice is feasible and can contribute to postoperative management.
Kidney involvement is rare in non-Hodgkin’s lymphomas (NHL), and can be caused by direct lymphoid infiltration, paraneoplastic glomerulonephritis (GN), or both. Herein, we present a case of acute kidney injury (AKI) due to renal cyclin-D1 positive B cell lymphoma infiltration. To our knowledge, this is the first case where a renal biopsy revealed intravascular neoplastic cells along with parenchymal infiltration.
Background Primary hyperoxaluria type 1 (PH1) is an autosomal recessive disease caused by the liver defect of oxalate metabolism, which leads to kidney failure and systemic manifestations. Until recently, liver transplantation was the only definitive treatment. The timing of liver transplantation can be early, while kidney function is still normal (pre-emptive liver transplantation—PLT), or when the patient reaches stage 5 chronic kidney disease (CKD) and needs combined liver-kidney transplantation. We aimed to determine the long-term kidney outcomes of PLT in PH1 patients. Methods A retrospective single-center study of PH1 patients who were followed in our center between 1997 and 2017. We compared the kidney outcomes of patients who underwent PLT to those who presented with preserved kidney function and did not undergo PLT. Results Out of 36 PH1 patients, 18 patients were eligible for PLT (eGFR > 40 mL/min/1.73 m^2 at the time of diagnosis). Seven patients underwent PLT (PLT group), while 11 continued conservative treatments (PLTn group). In the PLT group, the median eGFR at the time of PLT and at the end of the follow-up period (14–20 years) was 72 (range 50–89) and 104 (range 86–108) mL/min/1.73 m^2, respectively, and no patient died or reached stage 5 CKD. In the PLTn group, eight patients (72.7%) reached stage 5 CKD (median time to kidney replacement therapy was 11 years), and two patients died from disease complications (18.2%). Conclusions Pre-emptive liver transplantation preserved kidney function in patients with PH1 in our cohort. Early intervention can prevent kidney failure and systemic oxalosis in PH1. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
This research studied the effects of cadmium on kidney function of the freshwater turtles Mauremys reevesii . Turtles were injected intraperitoneally with 0, 7.5, 15, and 30 mg kg^−1 cadmium separately for once. The samples were gathered to check the kidney index, the contents of TP in kidney tissue, and the levels of CRE and BUN in the plasma of the turtles. Results showed that the concentration of TP was overall decreased with the extension of cadmium exposure time and the increasing of the exposure dose of cadmium. The CRE content in the plasma of each treatment group increased with the prolongation of exposure time in a dose-dependent, and the BUN levels of all poisoned groups showed a trend of increasing. The kidney index of treated turtles increased. In summary, cadmium could induce the increase of turtle kidney index, the content of CRE and BUN in plasma, and the decrease of TP content in the kidney.
Background Menopause is associated with higher risks of chronic kidney disease. We determined the effect of nitrate on ovariectomy-induced kidney dysfunction Methods Control, ovariectomized (OVX), control + nitrate, and OVX + nitrate female Wistar rats (n = 10/group); sodium nitrate (100 mg/L) administered in drinking water for 9 months. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and albumin excretion rate (AER) were calculated from serum and urine parameters. At month 9, serum and kidney levels of nitric oxide (NO) metabolites (NOx), oxidative stress indices, and mRNA expression of endothelial NO synthase (eNOS) were measured; with histological analyses of the kidney. Results Compared to controls, OVX rats had lower GFR (31%, p  = 0.0079), higher glomerular tuft volume (30%, p  = 0.0402), and Bowman’s capsule space (39%, p  = 0.0224). OVX rats had lower serum NOx (33%, p  = 0.0061) and kidney eNOS mRNA expression ( 34%, p  = 0.0368). Nitrate administration to: (i) control rats increased serum NOx (59%, p  < 0.0001), with no effect on other parameters; (ii) OVX rats increased serum (85%, p  < 0.0001) and kidney (106%, p  = 0.0008) NOx values, and restored kidney eNOS expression to normal value. Nitrate administration to OVX rats increased GFR (36%, p  = 0.0361) and restored glomerular tuft volume and Bowman’s capsule space to normal values. In OVX rats, it also increased serum catalase (CAT) activity, serum and kidney total antioxidant capacity (TAC), and decreased serum malondialdehyde (MDA). Conclusions Low-dose long-term nitrate administration protects against ovariectomy-induced kidney dysfunction in rats. This effect is associated with reducing ovariectomy-induced oxidative stress and restoring eNOS-derived NO deficiency in systemic circulation and the kidney. Graphical abstract 
Background Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) was officially declared a pandemic by the World Health Organisation (WHO) on 11 March 2020, as severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) spread rapidly across the world. We investigated the seroprevalence of anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibodies in pediatric patients on dialysis or kidney transplantation in the UK. Methods Excess sera samples were obtained prospectively during outpatient visits or haemodialysis sessions and analysed using a custom immunoassay calibrated with population age-matched healthy controls. Two large pediatric centres contributed samples. Results In total, 520 sera from 145 patients (16 peritoneal dialysis, 16 haemodialysis, 113 transplantation) were analysed cross-sectionally from January 2020 until August 2021. No anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibody positive samples were detected in 2020 when lockdown and enhanced social distancing measures were enacted. Thereafter, the proportion of positive samples increased from 5% (January 2021) to 32% (August 2021) following the emergence of the Alpha variant. Taking all patients, 32/145 (22%) were seropositive, including 8/32 (25%) with prior laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection and 12/32 (38%) post-vaccination (one of whom was also infected after vaccination). The remaining 13 (41%) seropositive patients had no known stimulus, representing subclinical cases. Antibody binding signals were comparable across patient ages and dialysis versus transplantation and highest against full-length spike protein versus spike subunit-1 and nucleocapsid protein. Conclusions Anti-SARS-CoV-2 seroprevalence was low in 2020 and increased in early 2021. Serological surveillance complements nucleic acid detection and antigen testing to build a greater picture of the epidemiology of COVID-19 and is therefore important to guide public health responses. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Kidney injury represents a global concern, leading to chronic kidney disease. The organophosphate insecticide malathion (MT) demonstrates environmental disturbance and impairment of different mammalian organs, including kidneys. Likewise, gamma-irradiation (IRR) provokes destructive effects in the kidneys. Rutin is a flavonoid glycoside that exhibits nephro-protective and radio-protective properties. This manuscript focused on investigating the protective response of rutin on MT- and IRR-triggered kidney injury in rats. Rats were randomly divided into eight groups of twelve: G1 (C), control; G2 (Rutin), rutin-treated rats; G3 (IRR), gamma-irradiated rats; G4 (MT), malathion-treated rats; G5 (IRR/MT), gamma-irradiated rats treated with malathion; G6 (IRR/Rutin), gamma-irradiated rats treated with rutin; G7 (MT/Rutin), rats treated with malathion and rutin; and G8 (IRR/MT/Rutin), gamma-irradiated rats treated with malathion and rutin, every day for 30 days. The results demonstrated that rutin treatment regulated the biochemical parameters, the oxidative stress, the antioxidant status, and the inflammatory responses due to the down-regulation of the renal NF-κB p65 protein expression. Moreover, it amended the activity of acetylcholinesterase (AchE), angiotensin ACE I, and ACE II-converting enzymes. Besides, it regulated the iNOS, eNOS, miR-129-3p, miR-200c, and miR-210 gene expressions and bradykinin receptor (B1R and B2R) protein expressions. Histopathological examinations of the kidney tissue confirmed these investigated results. It could be concluded that rutin demonstrated nephro/radioprotection and counteracted the toxicological effects triggered in the kidney tissues of IRR, MT, and IRR/MT intoxicated rats, via regulating miR-129-3p, miR-200c-3p, and miR-210-3p gene expressions, which consequently regulated B2R protein expressions, ACE II activity, and HIF-1α production, respectively.
Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy is novel immunotherapy targeting specifically cancerous cells, and has been shown to induce durable remissions in some refractory hematological malignancies. However, CAR T-cell therapy has adverse effects, such as cytokine release syndrome (CRS), immune effector-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS), tumor lysis syndrome (TLS), and acute kidney injury (AKI), among others. Not many studies have covered the repercussions of CAR T-cell therapy on the kidneys. In this review, we summarized the available evidence on the safety profile of CAR T-cell therapy in patients with pre-existing renal insufficiency/AKI and in those who develop AKI as a result of CAR T-cell therapy. With a 30% incidence of AKI post-CAR T-cell, various pathophysiological mechanisms, such as CRS, hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH), TLS, serum cytokines, and inflammatory biomarkers, have been shown to play a role. However, CRS is commonly reported as an underlying mechanism. Overall, 18% of patients in our included studies developed AKI after receiving CAR T-cell therapy, and most cases were reversible with appropriate therapy. While phase-1 clinical trials exclude patients with significant renal toxicity, two studies (Mamlouk et al. and Hunter et al.) reported successful treatment of dialysis-dependent patients with refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, and demonstrated that CAR T-cell therapy and lymphodepletion (Flu/Cy) can be safely administered.
Purpose Hepatocirrhotic nephropathy progresses rapidly and has a poor prognosis, and early detection of renal changes in patients with cirrhosis is particularly important for its prevention and treatment. The objective of this study was to evaluate the value of shear wave elastography (SWE) in the early diagnosis of hepatocirrhotic nephropathy. Methods 206 hepatic cirrhosis patients with normal conventional renal function were enrolled and divided into Child–Pugh grade A (Group A), Child–Pugh grade B (Group B), and Child–Pugh grade C (Group C) according to the Child–Pugh grading method. Meanwhile, 60 healthy volunteers matched in age and sex were selected as the control group. The maximum Young’s modulus (Emax), average Young’s modulus (Emean), and minimum Young’s modulus (Emin) of the left renal parenchyma were measured by SWE in all subjects. The Emax, Emean, and Emin values of the left renal parenchyma were compared between the cirrhosis and control groups. Results The Emax, Emean, and Emin values of left renal parenchyma in cirrhosis group were higher than those in control group ( p  = 0.00, 0.00, 0.00). The Emax, Emean, and Emin values of left renal parenchyma in cirrhosis group B and group C were higher than those in control group ( p  = 0.00, 0.00, 0.00; p  = 0.00, 0.00, 0.00), but these values in cirrhosis group A were not significantly different from control group( p  = 0.48, 0.52, 0.92). Comparison of the Emax, Emean, and Emin values in left renal parenchyma of three cirrhosis groups, the values of Group B and Group C were higher than those of Group A ( p  = 0.00, 0.00, 0.00; p  = 0.00, 0.00, 0.00), and there was no significant difference between Group B and Group C ( p  = 0.71, 0.18, 0.39). Conclusion SWE can detect renal tissue damage in patients with liver cirrhosis earlier than changes identified during routine laboratory examination by quantitatively measuring the elastic parameters of renal parenchyma and may become a new method for early diagnosis of hepatorenal syndrome. Graphical Abstract 
Purpose Snail slime is essential in traditional and folkloric medicine, but empirical data on its toxicity is limited. Therefore, the present study assessed rats’ toxicopathology and lipid profile after oral sub-acute exposure to Archachatina marginata slime extracts. Method The rats were assigned into five (5) groups (n = 10) and treated for 28 days with distilled water and slime extract (125, 250, and 500 mg/kg bw). In addition, a follow-up group received the snail slime at 500 mg/kg bw and was observed post-administration for 14 days. After the treatment period, the rats were sacrificed, and the blood and vital organs were harvested for biochemical analyses which includes lipid profile, liver and kidney function, oxidative stress indices, and histopathology. Results The results revealed that the slime of A . marginata did not remarkably affect the liver and kidney function indices and Castelli’s Risk Index II (CRI-II) was < 3.0 across all groups. However, histopathology showed hepatocellular damage in the female rats, which resolved following the cessation of treatment. Furthermore, there were cellular changes, including mild inflammation and cellular degeneration of rat tissues across the treatment groups. Conclusion The findings warrant further safety assessments to bolster the medicinal properties of A . marginata slime.
Purpose of the Work Although sex-specific differences in heart failure (HF) or kidney disease (KD) have been analyzed separately, the predominant cardiorenal phenotype by sex has not been described. This study aims to explore the sex-related differences in cardiorenal syndrome (CRS) in a contemporary cohort of outpatients with HF. Findings An analysis of the Cardiorenal Spanish registry (CARDIOREN) was performed. CARDIOREN Registry is a prospective multicenter observational registry including 1107 chronic ambulatory HF patients (37% females) from 13 Spanish HF clinics. Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate (eGFR) < 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2 was present in 59.1% of the overall HF population, being this prevalence higher in the female population (63.2% vs. 56.6%, p  = 0.032, median age: 81 years old, IQR:74–86). Among those with kidney dysfunction, women displayed higher odds of showing HF with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) (odds ratio [OR] = 4.07; confidence interval [CI] 95%: 2.65–6.25, p  < 0.001), prior valvular heart disease (OR = 1.76; CI 95%:1.13–2.75, p  = 0.014), anemia (OR: 2.02; CI 95%:1.30–3.14, p  = 0.002), more advanced kidney disease (OR for CKD stage 3: 1.81; CI 95%:1.04–3.13, p  = 0.034; OR for CKD stage 4: 2.49, CI 95%:1.31–4.70, p  = 0.004) and clinical features of congestion (OR:1.51; CI 95%: 1.02–2.25, p = 0.039). On the contrary, males with cardiorenal disease showed higher odds of presenting HF with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) (OR:3.13; CI 95%: 1.90–5.16, p  < 0.005), ischemic cardiomyopathy (OR:2.17; CI 95%: 1.31–3.61, p  = 0.003), hypertension (OR = 2.11; CI 95%:1.18–3.78, p  = 0.009), atrial fibrillation (OR:1.71; CI 95%: 1.06–2.75, p  = 0.025), and hyperkalemia (OR:2.43, CI 95%: 1.31–4.50, p  = 0.005). Summary In this contemporary registry of chronic ambulatory HF patients, we observed sex-related differences in patients with combined heart and kidney disease. The emerging cardiorenal phenotype characterized by advanced CKD, congestion, and HFpEF was predominantly observed in women, whereas HFrEF, ischemic etiology, hypertension, hyperkalemia, and atrial fibrillation were more frequently observed in men.
Background and objectives Fabry disease (FD) is an X-linked lysosomal storage disease with various clinical symptoms due to a deficiency of an enzyme called alpha-galactosidase A. The likelihood of nephropathy increases with age and the severity of the mutation in Fabry patients. Fabry disease is difficult to diagnose. The exact incidence and prevalence of Fabry disease are unknown due to its atypical or oligosymptomatic forms. Design, setting, participants, and measurements GLA gene mutations were examined in patients over the age of 18 who were followed up on with a diagnosis of chronic kidney disease and who had or did not receive renal replacement therapy from October 2017 to December 2019. Results A total of 18 sites in 8 locations around Turkey volunteered to participate in the study, including people aged 18 and older with stages 1–5 of chronic kidney disease (CKD) or getting renal replacement therapy. 1904 patients were screened in total. In 13 cases, a D313Y pseudo mutation in the GLA gene was discovered. GLA gene mutations were found and pathologically assessed in four of the tested cases. Conclusions The range of clinical symptoms of Fabry disease, as well as the frequent delays in diagnosis, result in treatment being too late. We believe that screening chronic renal patients at high risk for Fabry disease is warranted.
IgG4-related disease (IgG4-RD), a rare immune-mediated chronic fibro-inflammatory condition, has various initial symptoms, thus posing diagnostic and therapeutic challenges. Here, we report a case of IgG4-RD in a 35-year-old man with initial clinical symptoms of facial edema and recent onset of proteinuria. It took more than 1 year from the onset of clinical symptoms to diagnosis. Pathological examination of renal biopsy revealed significant renal interstitial lymphoid tissue hyperplasia simulating growth pattern of lymphoma. Immunohistochemical (IHC) staining results showed that CD4 + T lymphocyte hyperplasia was dominant. There was no significant deletion of CD2/CD3/CD5/CD7. No monoclone was detected in TCR gene rearrangement. IHC staining showed that the number of IgG4-positive cells was greater than 100/HPF. The ratio of IgG4/IgG was greater than 40%. Combined with clinically examinations, IgG4-related tubulointerstitial nephritis was considered. Further cervical lymph node biopsy results suggested IgG4-related lymphadenopathy. He received methylprednisolone 40 mg/day intravenously for 10 days, leading to normal results of laboratory tests and clinical manifestations. The patient had a good prognosis without recurrence during 14 months of follow-up. This case report can be used as a reference for early diagnosis and treatment of such patients in the future.
Background SARS-CoV-2 (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2) has become a global pandemic, and medical experts are scrambling to understand the wide range of symptoms and consequences of the virus. Although acute pancreatitis (AP) and pancreatic damage have been associated with SARS-CoV-2, the mechanism behind this is still unclear. The current article explores whether COVID-19 is an additional cause of AP and diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). The article illustrates the conditions associated with AP and DKA among COVID-19 patients and diabetes mellitus (DM). Another critical condition is acute kidney injury (AKI), often associated with DKA. Methods A search strategy for the article was assigned and retrieved from PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus databases from 2020 to June 2022. The articles which discussed case studies on AP, DKA, and AKI were included in the study. Results The present review of 24 reported case studies represented conditions of AP (12), DKA (5), AP and DKA (5), AP and AKI (1), and DKA and AKI (1) among COVID-19 participants, and showed a potential relationship between the complications. Conclusion Healthcare during the COVID-19 pandemic plays a major role among AP, DKA, and AKI-associated COVID-19 patients. A compilation of case studies suggests effective management of COVID-19 infection-related complications such as AP, DKA, and AKI.
Background The mechanisms underlying the superior graft survival associated with preemptive kidney transplantation, compared with transplantation following a period of dialysis, are unknown. We aimed to compare medication adherence between preemptively transplanted young kidney transplant recipients and those who received a transplant after an interval of dialysis. Methods This was a secondary analysis of the Teen Adherence in Kidney transplant Effectiveness of Intervention Trial (TAKE-IT), in which adherence was assessed with electronic monitoring over 15 months among 11–24-year-old transplant recipients. Adherence scores were calculated for each day as 0%, 50%, or 100% (intake of none, half, or all prescribed doses). We used ordinal logistic regression, with generalized estimating equations to account for repeated measures within each participant, to estimate the association between preemptive transplantation and adherence. The model was adjusted for sex, age at transplant, time since transplant, primary kidney disease, race, donor source, medication insurer, household income, and adherence intervention. Results There were 43 preemptive transplant recipients and 103 who had been treated with dialysis. The median adherence score was 85.1% (IQR 81.3–88.9) for those preemptively transplanted, and 80.0% (IQR 76.7–83.4) for those transplanted after dialysis. Preemptively transplanted recipients had significantly higher odds of adherence than those dialyzed before transplantation (adjusted OR 1.76 95% CI 1.21–2.55; p  = 0.003). Conclusions Preemptively transplanted patients showed significantly better adherence than those treated with dialysis before transplantation. This suggests that the superior outcomes observed among preemptive kidney transplant recipients may reflect selection of patients more likely to adhere to therapy. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Protein phosphatase 1 regulatory subunit 14B (PPP1R14B) is an oncogenic gene found in a variety of tumors, but its role in the prognosis and development of kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC) remains unknown. Our study aimed to determine whether PPP1R14B could be a prognostic biomarker for KIRC and its role in the development of KIRC. Methods In this work, we used The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database to explore the expression of PPP1R14B in tumor tissues, its relationship with the prognosis of tumor patients, and its role in tumor occurrence and development. We validated our findings using the International Cancer Genome Consortium (ICGC) cohort, our clinical samples, and in vitro experiments. Results PPP1R14B was upregulated in KIRC compared to adjacent normal tissue. Moreover, multivariate analysis revealed that upregulated PPP1R14B expression was an independent risk factor for KIRC progression. High-PPP1R14B groups had shorter overall survival (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS) in TCGA and ICGC cohorts. We used Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK8) and scratch wound healing assay to explore the proliferation and migration of KIRC cells following PPP1R14B knockdown. Our results indicated that PPP1R14B knockdown significantly reduced the proliferation and migration of KIRC cells in vitro. We also explored the possible cellular mechanisms of PPP1R14B through the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG), Gene ontology (GO) analysis, and TISIDB analysis. The function enrich analysis revealed that PPP1R14B-related genes were mainly enriched in purine metabolism and the macromolecule catabolic process. PPP1R14B expression was associated with tumor-infiltrating immune cells (TIICs) in the TCGA cohort, and the results of single-cell RNA-seq (scRNA) further demonstrated that PPP1R14B expression was associated with the enhanced infiltration of CD8 + T lymphocytes. Conclusion PPP1R14B may serve as a prognostic biomarker in KIRC, affect purine metabolism, activate immune infiltration, and promote KIRC cell migration.
Background Patients on chronic dialysis are at increased risk of developing disorders in potassium balance. The preservation of residual renal function (RRF), frequently observed in patients on peritoneal dialysis (PD), may contribute to better control of serum potassium. This study aimed to investigate the role residual renal function on potassium intake and excretion in PD patients. Methods In this cross-sectional study, dietary potassium was evaluated by the 3-day food record. Potassium concentration was determined in serum, 24 h dialysate, stool ample, and 24 h urine of patients with diuresis > 200 mL/day, who were considered non-anuric. Results Fifty-two patients, 50% men, 52.6 ± 14.0 years, and PD vintage 19.5 [7.0–44.2] months, were enrolled. Compared to the anuric group ( n  = 17, 33%), the non-anuric group ( n  = 35, 67%) had lower dialysate potassium excretion (24.8 ± 5.3 vs 30.9 ± 5.9 mEq/d; p  = 0.001), higher total potassium intake (44.5 ± 16.7 vs 35.1 ± 8.1 mEq/d; p  = 0.009) and potassium intake from fruit (6.2 [2.4–14.7] vs 2.9 [0.0–6.0]mEq/d; p  = 0.018), and no difference in serum potassium (4.8 ± 0.6 vs 4.8 ± 0.9 mEq/L; p  = 0.799) and fecal potassium (2.2 ± 0.5 vs 2.1 ± 0.7 mEq/L; p  = 0.712). In non-anuric patients, potassium intake correlated directly with urinary potassium ( r  = 0.40; p  = 0.017), but not with serum, dialysate, or fecal potassium. In the anuric group, potassium intake tended to correlate positively with serum potassium ( r  = 0.48; p  = 0.051) and there was no correlation with dialysate or fecal potassium. Conclusion The presence of residual renal function constitutes an important factor in the excretion of potassium, which may allow the adoption of a less-restrictive diet.
The effects of the innate immune status on patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) currently remain unknown. We herein provided more extensive information about the inner landscape of immunobiology of ccRCC. In total, 260 ccRCC samples from three different cohorts consisting of 213 primary tumors and 47 metastases were obtained. We focused on five representative innate immune signatures, CD68, CD163, the “eat me” signal calreticulin, the “don't eat me” signal CD47, and signal regulatory protein α, and examined the role of each signature by quantitative immunohistochemistry. We then conducted an integrated genome mutation analysis by next-generation sequencing. Among the five markers, high CD163 and low calreticulin expression levels were prognostic in ccRCC. The application of a new risk model based on CD163 and calreticulin levels, named the innate immune risk group (high risk: high-CD163/low calreticulin, intermediate risk: high-CD163/high calreticulin or low CD163/low calreticulin, low risk: low-CD163/high calreticulin), enabled the sequential stratification of patient prognosis and malignancy. Although organ-specific differences were observed, metastases appeared to have a higher innate immune risk, particularly in the lungs, with 50% of ccRCC metastases being classified into the high-risk group according to our risk score. An analysis of genomic alterations based on the innate immune risk group revealed that alterations in the TP53/Cell cycle pathway were highly prevalent in high-risk ccRCC patients according to two innate immune signatures CD163 and calreticulin. The present results provide insights into the immune-genomic biology of ccRCC tumors for innate immunity and will contribute to future therapies focused on the innate immune system in solid cancers.
Point-of-care ultrasound (POCUS) has evolved in recent years in clinical practice, helping in early bedside diagnosis of important etiologies. Many medical schools and training programs are integrating POCUS into their curriculum. Especially with the technological advances of newer handheld ultrasound devices, POCUS has now become a component adjunct to clinical examination, in the clinic and bedside in critical care units. The diagnostic utility of POCUS lies both in early identification of critical kidney disease, and also extra-renal pathologies from a focused cardiac ultrasound, lung ultrasound, and integrated fluid assessment. There is a need to incorporate POCUS in training in pediatric nephrology and establish competency standard criteria. This review shall cover how POCUS helps in enhancing patient care in pediatric kidney disorders and critical children, and the recent advances.
Purpose of Review Ureteroscopy is a well-established treatment modality for kidney and ureteric calculi in addition to playing a key role in upper tract cancer diagnostics. Traditional reusable flexible ureteroscopes are technologically advanced and expensive pieces of equipment that require repeat sterilisation and periodical repair. These issues have led to the development of single-use flexible ureteroscopes that are disposed of after each case. Whilst this may be advantageous in many respects, the environmental impact of such technology is yet to be fully determined. The aim of this review is to therefore identify and summarise the available literature concerning the environmental footprint of single-use ureteroscopy. Recent Findings To identify the latest research on this topic, a systematic search of world literature was conducted using the Medline, Embase, and PsycINFO databases. PRISMA guidelines were followed and articles were assessed by all authors and relevant study results were included in a narrative format. Only one relevant article was identified and included. This study found that a single-use flexible ureteroscope (LithoVue^TM by Boston Scientific) generated an equivalent amount of carbon dioxide per case to a contemporary reusable flexible ureteroscope. Summary Literature concerning the environmental footprint of single-use ureteroscopy is worryingly lacking. No conclusions can be definitively drawn from a single study and further research is imperative given the global climate crisis and the significant contribution that healthcare services have to the environmental problem.
Purpose To evaluate whether symptomatic recurrent nephrolithiasis leads to loss of kidney function. Methods Adults who presented to the Emergency Department at least twice with symptomatic and radiologically confirmed nephrolithiasis were retrospectively recruited. Primary endpoint was the change in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) between baseline and at the time of data collection. Secondary endpoints include GFR slope defined as the mean rate of change in GFR from baseline to the end of the study period. Results 240 patients had recurrent symptomatic nephrolithiasis. Median follow-up was 5.4 years. The median age of first acute presentation was 51.6 years and the median baseline serum creatinine (bsCr) was 85.5 umol/l. 17.5% ( n  = 42) had worsening GFR, with the average change in GFR of − 8.64 ml/min/1.73 m^2 per year. Four patients progressed to ESKD requiring haemodialysis. 14.5% ( n  = 35) had calcium oxalate stones. Univariate analysis showed older patients ( p  < 0.001), more symptomatic stone episodes ( p  < 0.001) and non-calcium-containing stones ( p  < 0.001) were strongly associated with deteriorating kidney function. Age ( p  = 0.002) and number of acute stone episodes ( p  = 0.011) were significant predictive factors when unadjusted to co-morbidities. Age ( p  = 0.018) was the only predictive factor of worsening GFR when adjusted for co-morbidities. Average mean GFR slope was − 2.83/min/1.73 m^2 per year. Conclusions Recurrent symptomatic nephrolithiasis is associated with loss of kidney function, in older patients, increased episodes of symptomatic nephrolithiasis and non-calcium-containing stones. Age is the only predictive factor for progression to chronic kidney disease in this subgroup.
Background The PedsQL 3.0 End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) Module is a well-accepted instrument internationally but it is not available in the local language. We aimed to validate the Bahasa Melayu (Malay language) version and determine the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) scores amongst children with CKD in Malaysia. Methods The source questionnaire in English was translated into Bahasa Melayu. Linguistic validation guidelines by the MAPI Research Institute were followed. The already validated Bahasa Melayu PedsQL 4.0 Generic Core Scales was used for comparison. Sociodemographic data were collected during the interview. Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS version 25.0. Results Sixty-nine children aged 8 to 18 with CKD stages 4 and 5, with or without dialysis, and their caregivers were recruited. Mean age was 12.62 ± 2.77 (SD). Evaluation of the PedsQL 3.0 ESRD Module Bahasa Melayu version demonstrated good internal consistency (Cronbach alpha 0.82). There was good agreement between child self-report and parent proxy report in all domains; average intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) were 0.78, 95% CI (0.71, 0.84). Scores obtained from Generic 4.0 scales correlated with the disease-specific ESRD 3.0 scale, Spearman’s rho = 0.32, p  = 0.007. The Kruskal–Wallis H test indicated that there were no significant differences between stages of CKD and their respective mean HRQoL score, χ ^2(2) = 2.88, p  = 0.236. Conclusions The PedsQL 3.0 ESRD Module Bahasa Melayu version is a reliable and feasible tool for cross-cultural adaptation. A longer prospective study may help better illustrate the quality of life in this group of children.
Purpose of Review Kidney puncture is a key step in percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL). Ultrasound/fluoroscopic-guided access to the collecting systems is commonly used in PCNL. Performing a puncture is often challenging in kidneys with congenital malformations or complex staghorn stones. We aim to perform a systematic review to examine data on in vivo applications, outcomes, and limitations of using artificial intelligence and robotics for access in PCNL. Recent Findings The literature search was performed on November 2, 2022, using Embase, PubMed, and Google Scholar. Twelve studies were included. 3D in PCNL is useful for image reconstruction but also in 3D printing with definite benefits seen in improving anatomical spatial understanding for preoperative and intraoperative planning. 3D model printing and virtual and mixed reality allow for an enhanced training experience and easier access which seems to translate into a shorter learning curve and better stone-free rate compared to standard puncture. Robotic access improves the accuracy of the puncture for ultrasound- and fluoroscopic-guided access in both supine and prone positions. The potential advantage robotics are using artificial intelligence to do remote access, reduced number of needle punctures, and less radiation exposure during renal access. Summary Artificial intelligence, virtual and mixed reality, and robotics may play a key role in improving PCNL surgery by enhancing all aspects of a successful intervention from entry to exit. There is a gradual adoption of this newer technology into clinical practice but is yet limited to centers with access and the ability to afford this.
Purpose of Review With the exponential increase in interest and great strides toward clinical application, many experts believe we are ready for kidney xenotransplant human trials. In this review, we will examine the obstacles overcome and those yet to be conquered, discussing the human trials performed and the questions they raised. Additionally, we will revisit overlooked aspects that may be crucial for improvements and suggest future approaches for xenotransplant research. Recent Findings Improving survival in pig-to-non-human-primate models with the identification of an ideal immunosuppression regimen led to 3 cases of kidney xenotransplant in brain-dead humans with limited follow-up and a single clinical case of pig-to-human heart xenotransplant with 2-month survival. Summary With limited human results and unlimited potential, xenotransplantation shines a beacon of hope for a brighter future. However, we must navigate through the complexities of balancing scientific progress and patient welfare, avoiding being blinded by xenotransplantation’s unquestionable potential.
Aims Several studies have revealed inconsistencies about the predictive properties of visceral adiposity index (VAI) in identifying chronic kidney disease (CKD). To date, it is unclear whether the VAI is a valuable diagnostic tool for CKD. This study intended to evaluate the predictive properties of the VAI in identifying CKD. Methods The PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane databases were searched for all studies that met our criteria from the earliest available article until November 2022. Articles were assessed for quality using the Quality Assessment of Diagnostic Accuracy Studies-2 (QUADAS-2). The heterogeneity was explored with the Cochran Q test and I ^2 test. Publication bias was detected using Deek’s Funnel plot. Review Manager 5.3, Meta-disc 1.4, and STATA 15.0 were used for our study. Results Seven studies involving 65,504 participants met our selection criteria and were therefore included in the analysis. Pooled sensitivity (Sen), specificity (Spe), positive likelihood ratio (PLR), negative likelihood ratio (NLR), diagnostic odds ratio (DOR) and area under the curve (AUC) were 0.67 (95%CI: 0.54–0.77), 0.75 (95%CI: 0.65–0.83), 2.7 (95%CI: 1.7–4.2), 0.44 (95%CI: 0.29–0.66), 6 (95%CI:3.00–14.00) and 0.77 (95%CI: 0.74–0.81), respectively. Subgroup analysis indicated that mean age of subjects was the potential source of heterogeneity. The Fagan diagram found that the predictive properties of CKD were 73% when the pretest probability was set to 50%. Conclusions The VAI is a valuable agent in predicting CKD and may be helpful in the detection of CKD. More studies are needed for further validation.
Introduction Clinical trials often have short follow-ups, and long-term outcomes such as survival must be extrapolated. Current extrapolation methods often produce a wide range of survival values. To minimize uncertainty in projections, we developed a novel method that incorporates formally elicited expert opinion in a Bayesian analysis and used it to extrapolate survival in the placebo arm of DAPA-CKD, a phase 3 trial of dapagliflozin in patients with chronic kidney disease (NCT03036150). Methods A summary of mortality data from 13 studies that included DAPA-CKD-like populations and training on elicitation were provided to six experts. An elicitation survey was used to gather the experts’ 10- and 20-year survival estimates for patients in the placebo arm of DAPA-CKD. These estimates were combined with DAPA-CKD mortality and general population mortality (GPM) data in a Bayesian analysis to extrapolate long-term survival using seven parametric distributions. Results were compared with those from standard frequentist approaches (with and without GPM data) that do not incorporate expert opinion. Results The group expert-elicited estimate for 20-year survival was 31% (lower estimate, 10%; upper estimate, 40%). In the Bayesian analysis, the 20-year extrapolated survival across the seven distributions was 14.9–39.1%, a range that was 2.4- and 1.6-fold smaller than those produced by the frequentist methods (0.0–56.9% without and 0.0–39.2% with GPM data). Conclusions Using expert opinion in a Bayesian analysis provided a robust method for extrapolating long-term survival in the placebo arm of DAPA-CKD. The method could be applied to other populations with limited survival data.
Background We systematically summarized the structure and biological function of DOT1L in detail, and further discussed the role of DOT1L in kidney diseases through different mechanisms. Methods and results We first described the role of DOT1L in various kidney diseases including AKI, CKD, DN and kidney tumor diseases. Conclusions A better understanding of DOT1L as a histone methylase based on characteristics of regulating telomere silencing, transcriptional extension, DNA damage repair and cell cycle could lead to the development of new therapeutic targets for various kidney diseases, thereby improving the prognosis of kidney disease patients.
Blockade of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) has been shown to alleviate lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced endotoxic shock and reduce sepsis mortality, but its effect on LPS-induced kidney damage has not been reported. Herein, we established a mouse kidney injury model by intraperitoneal injection of 10 mg/kg LPS and established an in vitro renal tubular epithelial cell injury model by stimulating TCMK-1 cells with 10 mg/L LPS. We found that pretreatment with 1-methyl tryptophan (1-MT), an IDO inhibitor, significantly improved LPS-induced mouse survival, and IDO knockout (KO) mice also had higher survival rates after LPS exposure than wild-type mice. At the same time, IDO KO or pretreatment with 1-MT not only reduced serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, renal tubular injury pathological score, but also inflammatory factors and oxidative stress status in serum or kidney of LPS-exposed mice. In vitro, blockade of IDO with 1-MT significantly inhibited LPS-induced apoptosis, inflammation and oxidative stress in TCMK-1 cells. In addition, blockade of IDO significantly inhibited LPS-activated TLR4/NF-κB signaling pathway in kidney of mice or in TCMK-1 cells. In conclusion, our results suggested that blockade of IDO attenuated kidney inflammation, apoptosis and oxidative stress to protect against LPS-induced septic kidney injury via inhibiting the TLR4/NF-κB signaling pathway.
Objectives To investigate the diagnostic value of functional MRI to assess renal interstitial fibrosis in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods We prospectively recruited 80 CKD patients who underwent renal biopsies and 16 healthy volunteers to undergo multiparametric functional MRI examinations. The Oxford MEST-C classification was used to score the interstitial fibrosis. The diagnostic performance of functional MRI to discriminate interstitial fibrosis was evaluated by calculating the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. Results IgA nephropathy (60%) accounted for the majority of pathologic type in the CKD patients. Apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) from diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) was correlated with interstitial fibrosis (rho = −0.73). Decreased renal blood flow (RBF) derived from arterial spin labeling (rho = −0.78) and decreased perfusion fraction (f) derived from DWI (rho = −0.70) were accompanied by increased interstitial fibrosis. The T1 value from T1 mapping correlated with interstitial fibrosis (rho = 0.67) (all p < 0.01). The areas under the ROC curve for the discrimination of ≤ 25% vs. > 25% and ≤ 50% vs. > 50% interstitial fibrosis were 0.87 (95% confidence interval, 0.78 to 0.94) and 0.93 (0.86 to 0.98) by ADC, 0.84 (0.74 to 0.91) and 0.94 (0.86 to 0.98) by f, 0.93 (0.85 to 0.98) and 0.90 (0.82 to 0.96) by RBF, and 0.91 (0.83 to 0.96) and 0.77 (0.66 to 0.85) by T1, respectively. Conclusions Functional MRI parameters were strongly correlated with the interstitial fibrosis of CKD. Therefore, it might a powerful tool to assess interstitial fibrosis of CKD noninvasively. Key Points • In CKD patients, the renal cortical ADC value decreased and T1 value increased significantly compared with healthy volunteers. • Functional MRI revealed significantly decreased renal perfusion in CKD patients compared with healthy volunteers. • The renal cortical ADC, f, RBF, and T1 values were strongly correlated with the interstitial fibrosis of CKD.
Background The effect of different dosing regimens of cholecalciferol supplementation on bone biomarkers has not been studied in children with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods This is a post hoc analysis of a multi-center randomized controlled trial which included children with CKD stages 2–4 with vitamin D deficiency (25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD) < 30 ng/ml) randomized 1:1:1 to receive an equivalent dose of oral cholecalciferol as daily, weekly or monthly treatment. Markers of bone formation (bone alkaline phosphatase (BAP), procollagen I N terminal peptide (PINP)), bone resorption (tartarate-resistant acid phosphatase 5b (TRAP), C terminal telopeptide (CTX)), and osteocyte markers (intact fibroblast growth factor 23 (iFGF23), sclerostin) and soluble klotho were measured at baseline and after 3 months of intensive replacement therapy. The change in biomarkers and ratio of markers of bone formation to resorption were compared between treatment arms. BAP and TRAP were expressed as age- and sex-specific z-scores. Results 25OHD levels increased with cholecalciferol supplementation, with 85% achieving normal levels. There was a significant increase in the BAP/TRAP ratio ( p  = 0.04), iFGF23 ( p  = 0.004), and klotho ( p  = 0.002) with cholecalciferol therapy, but this was comparable across all three therapy arms. The BAPz was significantly higher in the weekly arm ( p  = 0.01). The change in 25OHD (Δ25OHD) inversely correlated with ΔPTH ( r  =  − 0.4, p  < 0.001). Conclusions Although cholecalciferol supplementation was associated with a significant increase in bone formation, the three dosing regimens of cholecalciferol supplementation have a comparable effect on the bone biomarker profile, suggesting that they can be used interchangeably to suit the patient’s needs and optimize adherence to therapy. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Aims Longitudinal data linking non-alcoholic fatty liver disease to kidney dysfunction in type 2 diabetes (T2D) are limited. This study evaluated the associations of non-invasive indices of liver steatosis and liver fibrosis with kidney impairment, and the mediatory role of the pro-angiogenic factor leucine-rich α-2 glycoprotein 1 (LRG1). Methods T2D adults ( n  = 2057) were followed for a mean period of 6.1 ± 1.6 years. Baseline liver steatosis [(hepatic steatosis index (HSI) and Zhejiang University index (ZJU)] and liver fibrosis [aspartate transaminase/alanine transaminase ratio (AAR) and BARD] indices derived from composite scoring systems were calculated. Plasma LRG1 levels were quantified using immunoassay. The study outcomes were progressive kidney function decline defined as estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) decline of ≥ 40% and albuminuria progression defined as an increase in albuminuria category. Results Cross-sectionally, liver steatosis and liver fibrosis indices were associated with increased albuminuria (urinary albumin/creatinine ratio ≥ 30 µg/mg) and reduced renal function (eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2) after covariate adjustment, respectively. Approximately 32% of the participants experienced progressive kidney function decline, while 38% had albuminuria worsening over time. Longitudinal analysis revealed that baseline AAR (hazard ratio: 1.56; 95% CI 1.15–2.11) and BARD (hazard ratio: 1.16, 95% CI 1.04–1.28) predicted progressive kidney function decline, partly mediated by LRG1. In contrast, liver steatosis (HSI and ZJU) but not liver fibrosis (AAR and BARD) indices were independently associated with albuminuria progression. Conclusions Increased liver steatosis scores were associated with albuminuria deterioration. Conversely, liver fibrosis indices may be associated with progressive kidney function decline, potentially driven by increased inflammation and angiogenesis.
Purpose It is unclear whether long-term variability in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) is associated with clinical outcomes in patients with nephrotic syndrome (NS). Methods A large cohort of 1100 patients with primary NS underwent treatment and regular follow-up. Long-term variability in LDL-C was assessed by calculating its weighted standard deviation (w-SD). The primary endpoints of this study were the occurrence of arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) or kidney dysfunction. Factors associated with the w-SD of LDL-C were evaluated by linear regression. Associations of the w-SD of LDL-C with clinical outcomes were evaluated by Cox proportional hazards regression. Results Over a median follow-up of 44.8 (interquartile range, 26.8, 70.1) months, 198 patients developed ASCVD (45.9 cases per 1,000 patient-years), and 84 patients developed kidney dysfunction (17.6 cases per 1,000 patient-years). The incidence rates of the primary outcomes increased across the quartiles of the w-SD of LDL-C (log-rank, P  < 0.001). Multivariate Cox regression analysis showed that higher LDL-C variability was associated with an increased risk of ASCVD [hazard ratio (HR), 2.236; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.684–2.969, P  < 0.001] and an increased risk of kidney dysfunction (HR, 3.047; 95% CI 2.240–4.144, P  < 0.001). The results were similar after adjusting the w-SD of LDL-C by its related parameters (baseline and mean LDL-C as well as mean total cholesterol), although the mean LDL-C was also an independent risk factor for ASCVD and kidney dysfunction. Conclusion Long-term variability in LDL-C was independently associated with the risk of ASCVD and kidney dysfunction in NS patients.
IgA nephropathy (IgAN) and IgA vasculitis-associated nephritis (IgAVN) are among the most frequent childhood glomerular diseases and are characterized by significant variability in clinical manifestations, pathological presentation and long-term outcomes. IgAVN, alternatively called purpura nephritis, is pathologically indistinguishable from kidney-limited IgAN. In Chinese children, the clinical presentations and pathological manifestations of IgAN and IgAVN are variable. The severity of proteinuria and abnormalities in kidney function and blood pressure of children in China are comparable to those of children in Europe, the USA, and Japan. Compared to Caucasian children and Japanese children, crescents were more common in Chinese children with IgAN or IgAVN. Approximately 10–20% of childhood IgAN or IgAVN progresses to impaired kidney function in China. Since 2007, a series of guidelines on the diagnosis and treatment of pediatric kidney diseases has been published following the principles of evidence-based medicine. However, a large difference exists between the Chinese evidence-based guidelines and the guidelines developed by Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) in 2021. Chinese children with IgAN or IgAVN were more likely to be treated with steroids or immunosuppressive agents. Further studies exploring the optimal treatment regimen for childhood IgAN or IgAVN are needed in the future.
Although controversial, procurement kidney biopsies and histology are commonly used in kidney allocation from deceased donors. The long series of models developed for this question, incorporating a variety of clinical and histologic variables, failed to properly predict the long-term graft survival. This failure could be explained by many factors, including the lack of expertise in terms of skilled available nephropathologists in the urgent setting of biopsies assessment. Simulation-based learning is a form of experiential learning that provides learners with a real-world-like opportunity to develop and practice their knowledge and skills but in a simulated environment. Digital pathology with whole-slide imaging is a powerful tool for knowledge delivering, as it offers the opportunity to facilitate meeting of general pathologists with experts, with availability of second opinion consultation and tailored training on specific cases. In the back of these considerations, we report on the content of the web-meeting “Digital slide and simulation-based learning in pre-implantation kidney” which was fully dedicated to the evaluation of pre-implantation kidney biopsy, with a very practical approach and a direct interaction between two expert renal transplant pathologists and the audience of general pathologists.
Background/aim To assess the correlation between serum uric acid (UA) level and diabetic kidney disease among adult-onset Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) patients in China. Methods A total of 184 patients with adult-onset T1DM between January 2014 and December 2016 were recruited, with demographics and medical data collected. Comparisons were performed between according to different serum UA gender-specific quartiles. Relationship between serum UA level with urinary ACR and eGFR was also assessed. Results Median urinary ACR and eGFR were 21.55 [10.79, 45.02] mg/g and 113.86 [88.43, 143.61] ml/min/1.73 m^2, respectively. The median UA was 257.4 (208.2–334.8) μmol/L. Participants with higher serum UA levels had higher urinary ACR and lower eGFR than those with lower UA ( P  < 0.05). Higher serum UA level was significantly associated with higher urinary ACR in Spearman's correlational analysis ( P  = 0.006) and multiple stepwise regression analysis ( P  = 0.013). The association between serum UA and urinary ACR was not linear, but showed a curve correlation, which also showed in the sensitivity analysis. Serum UA in the upper gender-specific quartile, was associated with lower eGFR ( P  < 0.001) and showed an independent negative correlation with eGFR in multiple stepwise regression analysis ( P  < 0.001). Conclusions The serum UA level was negatively correlated with eGFR and had a curve correlation with urinary ACR in adult-onset T1DM patients of China.
Many medical studies have used non-randomized sampling, which tends to be the case in research that involves a surgical procedure. Intra-operative procedures and actions conducted by the attending surgical team may be based on pre-operative conditions of the patient, which can introduce endogeneity. Using acute kidney injury (AKI) following cardiopulmonary bypass surgery as a research setting, the present study uses a control function approach to explain why two perfusionist-directed principle components of delivered oxygen (DO_2) while the patient is on pump—hemoglobin and cardiac index—need to be treated as endogenous variables rather than exogenous ones. We further show conditions in which the exogenous model understates and overstates the predicted probability of AKI.
Background IgA nephropathy (IgAN) is one of the most prevalent primary glomerular diseases in children and adolescents. In 2021, The Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) released Clinical Practice Guidelines for the Management of Glomerular Diseases as an update to the 2012 guidelines. However, the lack of available evidence for the treatment of IgAN in children has led to an absence of treatment recommendations. Clinical Case We present the case of a 19-year-old male with IgAN who was lost to follow-up after an appointment at a children's hospital 3 years prior. He presents for care at an adult hospital after running out of his medications for many months. He is found to have an elevated blood pressure of 152/97 and an elevated creatinine at 0.8 mg/dL. Discussion There is not only a need for treatment guidelines for IgAN in pediatric patients, but also a need for guidelines for adolescent patients with IgAN as they transition from pediatric to adult care. Therefore, we review the KDIGO treatment guidelines for adults with IgAN and the treatment evidence for children with IgAN and discuss the management dilemma that exists for adolescents and young adults (AYA) with IgAN. Specifically, we propose renin-angiotensin-aldosterone blockade (RASB) treatment, irrespective of blood pressure, for AYA with proteinuria >0.5 g/day. We also propose treatment with corticosteroids for patients with proteinuria >1 g/day and/or mesangial hypercellularity. Conclusion The formation of treatment guidelines for patients transitioning from pediatric to adult nephrology care is paramount.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has become a major public health problem across the globe, leading to various complications. This study aimed to construct a nomogram to predict the 4-year risk of CKD among Chinese adults. Methods The study was based on the China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study (CHARLS). A total of 3562 participants with complete information in CHARLS2011 and CHARLS2015 were included, and further divided into the training cohort and the validation cohort by a ratio of 7:3. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to select variables of the nomogram. The nomogram was evaluated by receiver-operating characteristic curve, calibration plots, and decision curve analysis (DCA). Results In all, 2494 and 1068 participants were included in the training cohort and the validation cohort, respectively. A total of 413 participants developed CKD in the following 4 years. Five variables selected by multivariate logistic regression were incorporated in the nomogram, consisting of gender, hypertension, the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), hemoglobin, and Cystatin C. The area under curve was 0.809 and 0.837 in the training cohort and the validation cohort, respectively. The calibration plots showed agreement between the nomogram-predicted probability and the observed probability. DCA indicated that the nomogram had potential clinical use. Conclusions A predictive nomogram was established and internally validated in aid of identifying individuals at increased risk of CKD.
Background Children with kidney failure have increased risk for cardiovascular morbidities before and after transplantation. Ejection fraction is often preserved, masking cardiac dysfunction until severe. Data on longitudinal changes in diastolic function and cardiac geometry are limited. Methods A prospective study was conducted to investigate longitudinal changes in diastolic function and structure pre- and post-kidney transplant compared with healthy peers. Transplant recipients ( n  = 41) had echocardiograms pre-transplant, 1, 18, 30, and 42 months post-transplant. The controls ( n  = 26) underwent one echocardiogram. Diastolic function and cardiac geometry were assessed by E/e’ lateral, E/A, interventricular septal end diastole diameter, left ventricular internal end diastole diameter, left ventricular posterior wall end diastole diameter, and left atrial dimension. Results E/e’ of patients remained worse than controls until 30 months post-transplant, and E/A was impaired at all time points compared to the controls. Left ventricular geometry was abnormal in 46% pre-transplant and remained altered in 44.7%, 32.3%, 30.7%, and 27.2% at 1, 18, 30, and 42 months post-transplant. Determinants of diastolic dysfunction included hemodialysis, uncontrolled hypertension, steroid exposure, and metabolic syndrome; abnormal geometry was associated with glomerular diagnosis, dialysis duration, obesity, steroids, and metabolic syndrome. Abnormal diastolic function and structure were associated with left ventricular hypertrophy. Conclusion Diastolic dysfunction and geometry partially improve after transplant but remain abnormal in a subset of patients compared to healthy peers. Traditional indicators of systolic function are preserved. Modifiable risk factors include dialysis modality and duration, uncontrolled hypertension, corticosteroids, obesity, and metabolic syndrome. Attention to diastolic changes provides opportunity for early intervention. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Kidney involvement frequently occurs in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and its clinical manifestations are complicated. We profiled kidney involvement in SLE patients using deep learning based on data from the National Database of Designated Incurable Diseases of Japan. Methods We analyzed the cross-sectional data of 1655 patients with SLE whose Personal Clinical Records were newly registered between 2015 and 2017. We trained an artificial neural network using clinical data, and the extracted characteristics were evaluated using an autoencoder. We tested the difference of population proportions to analyze the correlation between the presence or absence of kidney involvement and that of other clinical manifestations. Results Data of patients with SLE were compressed in a feature space in which the anti-double-stranded deoxyribonucleic acid (anti-dsDNA) antibody titer, antinuclear antibody titer, or white blood cell count contributed significantly to distinguishing patients. Many SLE manifestations were accompanied by kidney involvement, whereas in a subgroup of patients with high anti-dsDNA antibody titers and low antinuclear antibody titers, kidney involvement was positively and negatively correlated with hemolytic anemia and inflammatory manifestations, respectively. Conclusion Although there are various combinations of SLE manifestations, our study revealed that some of them are specific to kidney involvement. SLE profiles extracted from the objective analysis will be useful for categorizing SLE manifestations.
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a long-term condition in which the function of the kidneys is reduced. Kidney function is monitored using a measurement called the estimated glomerular filtration rate. CKD can be separated into stages of severity, ranging from 1 (mild) to 5 (severe), using estimated glomerular filtration rate. Mild to moderate CKD (stages 1–3) is difficult to diagnose because there are usually no symptoms. In this study from the REVEAL-CKD programme, we looked at the effects of having undiagnosed stage 3 (moderate) CKD and examined how a CKD diagnosis affects disease management and worsening of the condition. Using a database of medical records for patients in the USA called TriNetX, we looked at data from over 26,000 patients with stage 3 CKD who were identified using estimated glomerular filtration rate measurements. We found that healthcare teams prescribed significantly more guideline-recommended medications and did more clinical monitoring in the 180 days after a CKD diagnosis than they did before the diagnosis. Additionally, the rate of decline in kidney function slowed after a CKD diagnosis. Delaying diagnosis by 1 year increased the risk of deterioration of the condition by 40%, the risk of needing a kidney transplant or long-term dialysis treatment by 63% and the risk of major heart and blood vessel diseases (known as cardiovascular events) by 8%. Our findings suggest that diagnosis of stage 3 CKD is an important first step to reduce the risk of the disease worsening and other complications. Video Abstract (MP4 82773 KB) Graphical Abstract  Introduction Guidelines for the treatment of chronic kidney disease (CKD) recommend early intervention and management to slow disease progression. However, associations between diagnosis and CKD progression are not fully understood. Methods REVEAL-CKD (NCT04847531) is a retrospective observational study of patients with stage 3 CKD. Data were extracted from the US TriNetX database. Eligible patients had two consecutive estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) measurements indicative of stage 3 CKD (≥ 30 and < 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2) recorded 91–730 days apart from 2015 to 2020. Diagnosed patients were included if their first CKD diagnosis code was recorded at least 6 months after their second qualifying eGFR measurement. We assessed CKD management and monitoring practices for the 180 days before and after CKD diagnosis, annual eGFR decline in the 2 years before and after CKD diagnosis, and associations between diagnostic delay and post-diagnosis event rates. Results The study included 26,851 patients. After diagnosis, we observed significant increases in the prescribing rate of guideline-recommended medications such as angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (rate ratio [95% confidence interval]: 1.87 [1.82, 1.93]), angiotensin receptor blockers (1.91 [1.85, 1.97]) and mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists (2.23 [2.13, 2.34]). Annual eGFR decline was significantly reduced following a CKD diagnosis, from 3.20 ml/min/1.73 m^2 before diagnosis to 0.74 ml/min/1.73 m^2 after diagnosis. Delayed diagnosis (by 1-year increments) was associated with elevated risk of CKD progression to stage 4/5 (1.40 [1.31–1.49]), kidney failure (hazard ratio [95% confidence interval]: 1.63 [1.23–2.18]) and the composite of myocardial infarction, stroke and hospitalization for heart failure (1.08 [1.04–1.13]). Conclusions A recorded CKD diagnosis was associated with significant improvements in CKD management and monitoring practices and attenuated eGFR decline. Recorded diagnosis of stage 3 CKD is an important first step to reduce the risk of disease progression and minimize adverse clinical outcomes. Trial Registration ClinicalTrials.gov identifier, NCT04847531.
Background Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta (REBOA) may be considered for stabilization of patients with hemorrhage from below the diaphragm. Occluding the aorta is a powerful means of hemorrhagic control but is also associated with acute kidney injury, which increases mortality in trauma patients. Allowing for intermittent distal blood flow during REBOA application (iREBOA) could decrease this risk, but circulatory consequences have not been sufficiently elucidated. Therefore, we investigated circulatory effects and the renal artery blood flow (RBF) in iREBOA versus continuous, complete aortic occlusion (cREBOA). Methods In a porcine model of uncontrolled class III hemorrhage (34% estimated total blood volume, mean 1360 mL), swine ( n  = 12, mean weight 60.3 kg) were randomly assigned to iREBOA: 3-min full deflation every 10 min ( n  = 6), or cREBOA ( n  = 6), for 60 min of thoracic (zone I) application. The animals then underwent 60 min of reperfusion (critical care phase). Results Survival was 100% in iREBOA and 83% in cREBOA. The intermittent balloon deflation protocol was hemodynamically tolerable in 63% of reperfusion intervals. Systolic blood pressure decreased during the reperfusion intervals in iREBOA animals (mean 108 mm Hg versus 169 mm Hg; p  < 0.005). No differences were detected in heart rate, cardiac output or stroke volume between methods. Troponin I increased in cREBOA after 60 min (mean 666–187 ng/L, p  < 0.05). The norepinephrine requirement increased in cREBOA during reperfusion (mean infusion time 12.5–5.5 min; p  < 0.05). Total ischemic time decreased in iREBOA (60.0–48.6 min; p  < 0.001). RBF increased in iREBOA during balloon deflations and after 60 min reperfusion (61%–39% of baseline RBF; p  < 0.05). Urine output increased in iREBOA (mean 135–17 mL; p  < 0.001). Nephronal osteopontin, a marker of ischemic injury, increased in cREBOA ( p  < 0.05). Conclusion iREBOA was survivable, did not cause rebleeding, decreased the total ischemic time and increased the renal blood flow, urine output and decreased renal ischemic injury compared to cREBOA. Intermittent reperfusions during REBOA may be preferred to be continuous, complete occlusion in prolonged application to improve renal function.
Background Lupus nephritis (LN) is a frequent manifestation of childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (cSLE) with a potential risk for kidney failure and poor outcomes. This study aimed to evaluate stages III, IV, and V of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and investigate risk factors for CKD in cSLE patients. Methods We performed a nationwide observational cohort study in 27 pediatric rheumatology centers, including medical charts of 1528 cSLE patients. Data were collected at cSLE diagnosis, during follow-up, and at last visit or death, between September 2016 and May 2019. Results Of 1077 patients with LN, 59 (5.4%) presented with CKD, 36/59 (61%) needed dialysis, and 7/59 (11.8%) were submitted for kidney transplantation. After Bonferroni’s correction for multiple comparisons ( p <  0.0013), determinants associated with CKD were higher age at last visit, urinary biomarker abnormalities, neuropsychiatric involvement, higher scores of disease activity at last visit and damage index, and more frequent use of methylprednisolone, cyclosporine, cyclophosphamide, and rituximab. In the regression model analysis, arterial hypertension (HR = 15.42, 95% CI = 6.12–38.83, p  ≤ 0.001) and biopsy-proven proliferative nephritis (HR = 2.83, 95%CI = 1.70–4.72, p  ≤ 0.001) increased the risk of CKD, while children using antimalarials had 71.0% lower CKD risk ((1.00–0.29) × 100%) than children not using them. The Kaplan–Meier comparison showed lower survival in cSLE patients with biopsy-proven proliferative nephritis ( p = 0.02) and CKD ( p ≤ 0.001). Conclusions A small number of patients manifested CKD; however, frequencies of dialysis and kidney transplantation were relevant. This study reveals that patients with cSLE with hypertension, proliferative nephritis, and absence of use of antimalarials exhibited higher hazard rates of progression to CKD. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Severe chronic kidney disease (CKD) in children and young adults has shown to be associated with abnormal brain development, which may contribute to neurocognitive impairments. We aimed to investigate risk factors for neurocognitive impairment and investigate the relation with structural brain abnormalities in young severe CKD patients. Methods This cross-sectional study includes 28 patients with severe CKD (eGFR < 30), aged 8–30 years (median 18.5 years), on different treatment modalities (pre-dialysis [ n  = 8], dialysis [ n  = 8], transplanted [ n  = 12]). We assessed neurocognitive functioning using a comprehensive test battery and brain structure by magnetic resonance imaging metrics of brain volume and white matter integrity (fractional anisotropy [FA] and mean diffusivity [MD] measured with diffusion tensor imaging). Multivariate regression and mediation analyses were performed between clinical CKD parameters, brain structure, and neurocognitive outcome. Results A combination of risk factors (e.g., longer time since kidney transplantation, longer dialysis duration and late CKD onset) was significantly associated with lower intelligence and/or worse processing speed and working memory. Lower FA in a cluster of white matter tracts was associated with lower intelligence and mediated the relation between clinical risk factors and lower intelligence. Conclusions Young severe CKD patients with a prolonged duration of kidney replacement therapy, either dialysis or transplantation are at particular risk for impairments in intelligence, processing speed, and working memory. Disrupted white matter integrity may importantly contribute to these neurocognitive impairments. Prospective, longitudinal studies are needed to elucidate the mechanisms involved in CKD and treatment that affect white matter integrity and neurocognitive outcome in young patients. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Introduction Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver (MAFLD) has been found to be associated with the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, it is unknown whether MAFLD is associated with CKD development and the incidence of end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). We aimed to clarify the association between MAFLD and incident ESKD in the prospective UK Biobank cohort. Methods We analyzed the data of 337,783 UK Biobank participants and relative risks for the ESKD were calculated by using the Cox regression analysis. Results Among 337,783 participants over a median duration of 12.8 years follow-up, a total of 618 ESKD cases were diagnosed. Participants with MAFLD were twice likely to develop ESKD (hazard ratio [HR] 2.03, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.68–2.46, p  < 0.001). The association of MAFLD with ESKD risk remained significant in both non-CKD and CKD participants. Our results also showed that there were graded associations between liver fibrosis scores and the risk of ESKD in MAFLD cases. Compared to non-MAFLD individuals, the adjusted HRs for incident ESKD in MAFLD patients with increasing levels of NAFLD fibrosis score were 1.23 (95% CI 0.96–1.58), 2.45 (1.98–3.03) and 7.67 (5.48–10.73), respectively. Furthermore, the risking alleles of PNPLA3 rs738409, TM6SF2 rs58542926, GCKR rs1260326 and MBOAT7 rs641738 amplified the MAFLD effect on ESKD risk. In conclusion, MAFLD is associated with incident ESKD. Conclusion MAFLD may help identify the subjects at high risk of ESKD development and MAFLD interventions should be encouraged to slow down CKD progression.
Objectives This study aims to evaluate risk factors of prolonged urine leak following partial nephrectomy (PN) to identify objective imaging characteristics on preoperative CT. Methods A total of 865 patients who underwent PN and had preoperative CT and postoperative imaging were included. We set a twofold size-matched control group without urine leak, with all tumors located ≤ 4 mm to the collecting system to identify imaging parameters that increase the risk of urine leak other than tumor size and location. Four CT parameters that show the relationship of the tumor and collecting system, namely, curvilinear border length, protruding distance, margin at the interface, and pelvicalyceal contact, were analyzed. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to identify significant predictors of urine leak. The diagnostic performance of the significant parameters was evaluated using the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC). Results Fifty-three of 865 patients (6.1%) demonstrated urine leak. Compared with the control group, urine leak group showed longer curvilinear border length, longer protruding distance, frequent non-smooth contact interface, and frequent direct pelvicalyceal contact ( p < 0.05 for all). In the multivariate analysis, pelvicalyceal contact was the independent predictor of urine leak (OR = 2.62; 95% C.I 1.02–6.63). Combining four CT parameters, an AUC of 0.70 with a sensitivity of 58.5% and a specificity of 79.2% for identifying urine leak after PN could be obtained. Conclusions The four CT features that describe the relationship between the tumor and collecting system might be useful for evaluating the risk of urine leak before PN. Key Points • Four CT parameters (curvilinear border length, protruding distance, margin at the interface, and pelvicalyceal contact) were significantly associated with postoperative urine leak after partial nephrectomy. • A comprehensive preoperative imaging evaluation of the relationship between the tumor and renal sinus may help in selecting the optimal surgical options and afford better patient counseling of complication risk.
Purpose of Review The purpose of this review is to summarize the current evidence on the role of obesity in the development and progression of chronic kidney disease and the current evidence on nutritional, pharmacological, and surgical strategies for the management of individuals with obesity and chronic kidney disease. Recent Findings Obesity can hurt the kidney via direct pathways, through the production of pro-inflammatory adipocytokines, and indirectly due to systemic complications of obesity, including type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension. In particular, obesity can damage the kidney through alterations in renal hemodynamics resulting in glomerular hyperfiltration, proteinuria and, finally, impairment in glomerular filtratation rate. Several strategies are available for weight loss and maintenance, such as the modification of lifestyle (diet and physical activity), anti-obesity drugs, and surgery therapy, but there are no clinical practice guidelines to manage subjects with obesity and chronic kidney disease. Summary Obesity is an independent risk factor for the progression of chronic kidney disease. In subjects with obesity, weight loss can slow down the progression of renal failure with a significant reduction in proteinuria and improvement in glomerular filtratation rate. Specifically, in the management of subjects with obesity and chronic renal disease, it has been shown that bariatric surgery can prevent the decline in renal function, while further clinical studies are needed to evaluate the efficacy and safety on the kidney of weight reducing agents and the very low-calorie ketogenic diet.
A morphophysiological study of tubular reabsorption and mechanisms of protein endocytosis in the kidney of frogs ( Rana temporaria L.) during parasitic infection was carried out. Pseudoplasmodia and spores of myxosporidia, beforehand assigned to the genus Sphaerospora , were detected in Bowman’s capsules and in the lumen of individual renal tubules by light and electron microscopy. Remarkable morphological alteration and any signs of pathology in kidney tissue related to this myxosporean infection have not been noted. At the same time, significant changes in protein reabsorption and distribution of molecular markers of endocytosis in the proximal tubule (PT) cells in infected animals were detected by immunofluorescence confocal microscopy. In lysozyme injection experiments, the endocytosed protein and megalin expression in the infected PTs were not revealed. Tubular expression of cubilin and clathrin decreased, but endosomal recycling marker Rab11 increased or remained unchanged. Thus, myxosporean infection resulted in the alterations in lysozyme uptake and expression of the main molecular determinants of endocytosis. The inhibition of receptor-mediated clathrin-dependent protein endocytosis in amphibian kidneys due to myxosporidiosis was shown for the first time. Established impairment of the endocytic process is a clear marker of tubular cell dysfunction that can be used to assess the functioning of amphibian kidneys during adaptation to adverse environmental factors.
Phthalates are widely used as plasticizer or fragrance ingredients in various consumer products worldwide. However, evidence for the overall effects of mixed exposure to phthalate on kidney function has not been widely investigated. The purpose of this article was to assess the association of urine phthalate metabolite levels and kidney injury parameters in adolescents. We used data from the combined 2007–2016 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). We fitted weighted linear regressions and Bayesian kernel machine regressions (BKMR) models to explore the association of urinary phthalate metabolites with four parameters of kidney function after adjusting for covariates. Weighted linear regression models showed that MiBP ( β = 8.057; P _FDR = 0.016) was significantly positively associated with eGFR and MEP ( β = −0.799; P _FDR < 0.001) was significantly negatively correlated with BUN. BKMR analysis showed that the higher the concentration of phthalate metabolite mixture, the higher eGFR in adolescents. Based on the results of these two models, our findings revealed that mixed exposure to phthalates was associated with elevated eGFR in adolescents. However, as the study is cross-sectional, reverse causality is possible, and altered kidney function may impact the concentration of phthalate metabolites in urine.
Oxidative stress (OS) has been recognized as a pathophysiologic mechanism underlying the development and progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD). OS, which results from the disturbance of balance among pro-oxidants and antioxidants favoring the pro-oxidants, is present even in early CKD and increases progressively along with deterioration of kidney function to end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). In ESKD, OS is further exacerbated mainly due to dialysis procedures per se and predisposes to increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Therefore, since OS plays a pivotal role in the pathogenesis and progression of atherosclerosis in uremic patients, several strategies aiming to ameliorate OS in these patients have been proposed. Among those, N -acetylcysteine (NAC), a thiol-containing antioxidant agent, has attracted special attention due to its pleiotropic functions and beneficial effect in various OS-related entities including paracetamol overdose and prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy. In this review, we present the currently available literature on the antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties of NAC in CKD, including hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis.
Cisplatin is widely used as an anti-neoplastic agent but is limited by its nephrotoxicity. The use of mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) for the management of acute kidney injury (AKI) represents a new era in treatment but effective homing of administered cells is needed. This study aimed to investigate the effect of bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (BM-MSCs) on cisplatin-induced AKI in rats after directed migration by electric field (EF). Forty-eight adult male albino rats were equally classified into four groups: control, cisplatin-treated, cisplatin plus BM-MSCs, and cisplatin plus BM-MSCs exposed to EF. Serum levels of IL-10 and TNF-α were measured by ELISA. Quantitative real-time PCR analysis for gene expression of Bcl2, Bax, caspase-3, and caspase-8 was measured. Hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) staining, periodic acid Schiff staining, and immunohistochemical analysis were also done. MSC-treated groups showed improvement of kidney function; increased serum levels of IL-10 and decreased levels of TNF-α; and increased mRNA expression of Bcl2 and decreased expression of Bax, caspase-3, and caspase-8 proteins comparable to the cisplatin-injured group. EF application increased MSCs homing with significant decrease in serum urea level and caspase-3 gene expression together with significant increase in Bcl2 expression than occurred in the MSCs group. Restoration of normal kidney histomorphology with significant decrease in immunohistochemical expression of caspase-3 protein was observed in the BM-MSCs plus EF group compared to the BM-MSCs group. EF stimulation enhanced the MSCs homing and improved their therapeutic potential on acute cisplatin nephrotoxicity.
Scleroderma renal crisis (SRC) is a life-threatening complication of systemic sclerosis (SSc) with a mortality of 20% at 6 months. Once the leading cause of mortality in scleroderma (SSc), it remains a serious complication, often necessitating level three care for patients affected. Whilst renal outcomes have significantly improved following the advent of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi) therapy, SRC remains a precarious challenge for clinicians, due to lack of preventative measures and the fact that patients can rapidly decline despite best medical management. Large cohort studies spanning decades have allowed clear identification of phenotypes particularly at risk of developing SRC thus allowing enhanced monitoring and early identification in those individuals. Novel urinary biomarkers for renal disease in SSc may offer a new window for early identification of SRC patients and response to treatment. Multiple studies have demonstrated increased activity of complement pathways in SRC with some anecdotal cases exhibiting serological response to treatment with eculizumab where ACEi and therapeutic plasma exchange (TPE) were not successful. Endothelin-1 blockade, a therapeutic strategy in other SSc vasculopathies, has shown potential as a target but clinical trials are yet to show a clear treatment benefit. Clear guidelines for the management of SRC are in place to standardise care and facilitate early collaboration between rheumatology and renal physicians. Outcomes following renal transplant have improved but the mortality of SRC remains high, indicating the need for continued exploration of the mechanisms precipitating and exacerbating SRC in order to develop novel therapies.
Introduction Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a global disease with high morbidity and mortality. At present, the treatment of AKI still lacks targeted measures. Ferroptosis, a form of regulated cell death, plays an essential role in the initiation and progression of AKI. Current evidence proves that targeting ferroptosis is supposed to be a novel potential strategy to cure AKI. In this study, we aim to use bibliometric analysis to identify research trends and hotspots in the field of “ferroptosis in AKI”. Methods We chose the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) index of the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) as the source database for data retrieval. Data were retrieved from the WoSCC on May 24, 2022. Full records and cited references of all the documents in WoSCC were collected. The R software and the Online Analysis Platform of Literature Metrology were used for data analysis and visual analysis. Results There were 120 documents on “ferroptosis in AKI” in the WOSCC from 2014 to 2022 (May 24, 2022). There was a clear upward trend each year in the number of documents published. According to WoS report, China, the United States, and Germany were the top three countries involved in this research area, the majority of publications were included in the subject area “Cell Biology”. Technical University of Dresden contributed the most publications, followed by Central South University and University of Pittsburgh. The Journal of Cell Death and Disease had the highest H-index and contributed the most publications. Linkermann A authored 16 articles and had the highest H-index. Multifactorial analysis of the keywords show that the research field is divided into two clusters. The most contributing publications and the most cited publications were also determined by factorial analysis. Conclusion This bibliometric analysis provides a comprehensive analysis of research trends and hot spots on the topic of “ferroptosis in AKI”. The study of ferroptosis-related AKI research remains in its early stages. There will be a dramatically increasing number of publications on this field. Further research should focus on exploring the mechanisms of crosstalk between ferroptosis and other programmed cell deaths, and improves clinical applications and therapeutic effects against AKI.
Purpose of Review Robotic surgery in urology has already been widely employed in robotic-assisted laparoscopic surgery for minimally invasive procedures (MIS). We wanted to analyse rapidly developing robotic ureteroscopy (RoboURS) for the treatment of renal stone disease. Recent Findings A comprehensive literature review was performed for technical aspects and clinical outcomes of RoboURS. RoboURS has made significant breakthroughs with each model proving that this technology improves ergonomics and supports surgeon and instrument longevity while minimising musculoskeletal issues in retrograde intra-renal surgery (RIRS). Further randomised controlled trials are required to compare the efficacy of RoboURS vs manual flexible ureteroscopy (FURS). The cost-effectiveness will also need to be assessed prior to widespread acceptance into urological infrastructure and mainstream practice. Summary RoboURS continues to evolve despite the limitations of infrastructure and cost-effectiveness. It holds the promise of a better future for surgeon longevity, reduced peri-operative morbidity and better workplace environment.
Harboring apolipoprotein L1 (APOL1) variants coded by the G1 or G2 alleles of the APOL1 gene increases the risk for collapsing glomerulopathy, focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, albuminuria, chronic kidney disease, and accelerated kidney function decline towards end-stage kidney disease. However, most subjects carrying APOL1 variants do not develop the kidney phenotype unless a second clinical condition adds to the genotype, indicating that modifying factors modulate the genotype–phenotype correlation. Subjects with an APOL1 high-risk genotype are more likely to develop essential hypertension or obesity, suggesting that carriers of APOL1 risk variants experience more pronounced insulin resistance compared to noncarriers. Likewise, arterionephrosclerosis (the pathological correlate of hypertension-associated nephropathy) and glomerulomegaly take place among carriers of APOL1 risk variants, and these pathological changes are also present in conditions associated with insulin resistance, such as essential hypertension, aging, and diabetes. Insulin resistance may contribute to the clinical features associated with the APOL1 high-risk genotype. Unlike carriers of wild-type APOL1, bearers of APOL1 variants show impaired formation of lipid droplets, which may contribute to inducing insulin resistance. Nascent lipid droplets normally detach from the endoplasmic reticulum into the cytoplasm, although the proteins that enable this process remain to be fully defined. Wild-type APOL1 is located in the lipid droplet, whereas mutated APOL1 remains sited at the endoplasmic reticulum, suggesting that normal APOL1 may participate in lipid droplet biogenesis. The defective formation of lipid droplets is associated with insulin resistance, which in turn may modulate the clinical phenotype present in carriers of APOL1 risk variants.
Background The role of lymph node dissection (LND) in patients with renal cell carcinoma (RCC) is still controversial. However, detecting lymph node invasion (LNI) is key due to prognostic implications and to identify patients who might benefit from adjuvant therapies such as adjuvant pembrolizumab. Materials and methods Out of 796 patients, 261 (33%) received eLND, of whom 62 (8%) for suspicious lymph node (LN) metastases at preoperative staging (cN1). eLND was divided in 3 anatomical areas: (1) hilar, (2) side-specific (pre-/para-aortic or pre-/para-caval) and (3) inter-aorto-caval nodes. Overall maximum LN diameter was measured by a dedicated radiologist for each patient. Multivariable logistic regression models (MVA) were tested for the effect of maximum LN diameter in predicting the presence of nodal metastases outside the anatomical area of cN1. Results LNI was confirmed in 50% of cN1, whilst only 13 out of 199 cN0 patients were pN1 at final histology (6.5%; p  < 0.001). In a per-patient analysis, of 62 cN1 patients, 24% vs. 18% vs. 8% harboured pN1 disease only inside vs. in-outside vs. only outside the suspicious anatomical field of cN1 at preoperative CT/MRI scan. At MVA, increasing diameter of suspicious LNs was independently associated with risk of finding positive LNs outside the suspicious anatomical field (OR 1.05, 95%CI 1.02–1.11; p  = 0.02). Conclusions Roughly 50% of cN1 patients undergoing eLND will harbour LN metastases, also outside the suspicious radiological area, and maximum LNs diameter at preoperative imaging correlates with such risk. Thus, an eLND might be justified in patients with large suspicious LN metastases, to better stage this patient population and to improve postoperative treatment management.
Purpose of Review Compared with high-income countries, healthcare disparities and inequities are more evident in low, lower-middle, and upper-middle-income countries with poorer housing and nutrition conditions. At least 20% of Latin America and the Caribbean are low and lower-middle-income countries. Despite the majority of the other countries being upper-middle income, the United Nations Children’s Fund had classified all the regions as “less developed,” with limited access to health care for the most vulnerable, the children. Latin America and the Caribbean regions represent an extensive territory with communication limitations and an unstable socio-political and economic environment. After considering the vast population affected by poverty worldwide and the long-term impact of kidney disease starting in childhood, it is crucial to better understand and analyze the multifactorial limiting conditions in accessing specialized care such as pediatric nephrology in disadvantaged areas. Recent Findings Constraints in accessing basic healthcare in rural areas make it impossible to receive specialized pediatric nephrology care including dialysis and transplantation. Disturbingly, incidence and prevalence figures of acute kidney injury, chronic and end-stage kidney disease in some Latin American and the Caribbean countries are unknown, and these conditions still represent a death sentence for underprivileged populations. However, the monumental efforts of the dedicated healthcare providers and stakeholders that pioneered the actions in the past 50 years have shown remarkable progress in developing pediatric nephology services across the continent. Summary In this review, we compile some of the latest evidence about the care of children and adolescents with kidney conditions in Latin America and the Caribbean, along with the experiences from the field in the care of these patients facing adverse conditions. We also highlight recommendations to address inequities and disparities.
Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) has become a major problem in modern times, and it is dubbed the silent assassin due to its delayed signs. To overcome these critical issues, early identification may minimize the prevalence of chronic diseases, though it is quite difficult because of different kinds of limitations in the dataset. The novelty of our study is that we extracted the best features from the dataset in order to provide the best classification models for diagnosing patients with chronic kidney disease. In our study, we used CKD patients’ clinical datasets to predict CKD using some popular machine learning algorithms. After handling missing values, K-means clustering has been performed. Then feature selection was done by applying the XGBoost feature selection algorithm. After selecting features from our dataset, we have used a variety of machine learning models to determine the best classification models, including Neural Network (NN), Random Forest (RF), Support Vector Machine (SVM), Random Tree (RT), and Bagging Tree Model (BTM). Accuracy, Sensitivity, Specificity, and Kappa values were used to evaluate model performance.
Purpose This study aimed to determine whether performing bedside ultrasound impacts the occurrence of acute kidney injury (AKI) in the immediate postoperative period (POP) of high-risk surgery patients. Methods POP patients were randomly assigned to two groups: (i) ultrasound (US) group, in which hemodynamic management was guided with clinical parameters supplemented with the bedside US findings; (ii) control group, hemodynamic management based solely on clinical parameters. Two exams were performed in the first 24 h of admission. Results Fifty-one patients were randomized to the US group and 60 to the control group. There was no significant difference for incidence of AKI in both groups assessed 12 h (31.4% vs 35.0%, P  = 0.84), 24 h (27.5% vs 23.3%, P  = 0.66), or 7 days (17.6 vs 8.3%, P  = 0.16) after surgery. No difference was found in the amounts of volume administered over the first 12 h (1000 [500–2000] vs. 1000 [500–1500], P  = 0.72) and 24 h (1000 [0–1500] vs. 1000 [0–1500], P  = 0.95) between the groups. Patients without AKI in the control group received higher amounts of volume during the ICU stay. Conclusion The use of bedside US in the immediate postoperative period of high-risk surgery did not show benefits in reducing AKI incidence.
Objective To evaluate the prevalence of angular interface and the “drooping” sign in exophytic renal angiomyolipomas (AMLs) and the diagnostic performance in differentiating exophytic lipid-poor AMLs from other solid renal masses. Methods This IRB-approved, two-center study included 185 patients with 188 exophytic solid renal masses < 4 cm with histopathology and pre-operative CT within 30 days of surgical resection or biopsy. Images were reviewed for the presence of angular interface and the “drooping” sign qualitatively by three readers blinded to the final diagnosis, with majority rules applied. Both features were assessed quantitatively by cohort creators (who are not readers) independently. Free-marginal kappa was used to assess inter-reader agreement and agreement between two methods assessing each feature. Fisher’s exact test, Mann–Whitney test, and multivariable logistic regression with two-tailed p < 0.05 were used to determine statistical significance. Diagnostic performance was assessed. Results Ninety-four patients had 96 AMLs, and 91 patients had 92 non-AMLs. Seventy-four (77%) of AMLs were lipid-poor based on quantitative assessment on CT. The presence of angular interface and the “drooping” sign by both qualitative and quantitative assessment were statistically significantly associated with AMLs (39% (qualitative) and 45% (quantitative) vs 15% (qualitative) and 13% (quantitative), and 48% (qualitative) and 43% (quantitative) vs 4% (qualitative) and 1% (quantitative), respectively, all p < 0.001) in univariable analysis. In multivariable analysis, only the “drooping” sign in either qualitative or quantitative assessment was a statistically significant predictor of AMLs (both p < 0.001). Inter-reader agreement for the “drooping” sign was moderate (k = 0.55) and for angular interface was fair (k = 0.33). Agreement between the two methods of assessing the “drooping” sign was substantial (k = 0.84) and of assessing the angular interface was moderate (k = 0.59). The “drooping” sign both qualitatively and quantitatively, alone or in combination of angular interface, had very high specificity (96–100%) and positive predictive value (PPV) (89–100%), moderate negative predictive value (62–68%), but limited sensitivity (23–49%) for lipid-poor AMLs. Conclusion The “drooping” sign by both qualitative and quantitative assessment is highly specific for lipid-rich and lipid-poor AMLs. This feature alone or in combination with angular interface can aid in CT diagnosis of lipid-poor AMLs with very high specificity and PPV.
Introduction Hyperkalemia (HK) may result in disruptions of guidelines-concordant renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitors (RAASi), a standard of care in persons with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Such disruptions—dose reduction or discontinuation—diminish the benefits of RAASi, placing patients at risk of serious events and renal dysfunction. This real-world study evaluated RAASi modifications among patients who initiated sodium zirconium cyclosilicate (SZC) for HK. Methods Adults (≥ 18 years) initiating outpatient SZC (index date) while on RAASi were identified from a large US claims database (January 2018–June 2020). RAASi optimization (maintain same or up-titration of RAASi dosage), non-optimization (down-titration of RAASi dosage or discontinuation), and persistence were descriptively summarized following index. Predictors of RAASi optimization were assessed using multivariable logistic regression models. Analyses were conducted by subgroups, including patients without end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), with CKD, and with CKD + diabetes. Results A total of 589 patients initiated SZC during RAASi therapy (mean age 61.0 years, 65.2% male), and 82.7% patients ( n =  487) kept RAASi after index (mean follow-up  = 8.1 months). Most patients (77.4%) optimized RAASi therapy after initiating SZC; 69.6% maintained the same dosage while 7.8% had up-titrations. A similar rate of RAASi optimization was observed among subgroups without ESKD (78.4%), with CKD (78.9%), and with CKD + diabetes (78.1%). At 1-year post-index, 73.9% of all patients who optimized RAASi were still on therapy, while only 17.9% of patients who did not optimize therapy were still on a RAASi. Among all patients, predictors of RAASi optimization included fewer prior hospitalizations (odds ratio = 0.79, 95% CI [0.63–1.00]; p <  0.05) and fewer prior emergency department (ED) visits (0.78 [0.63–0.96]; p <  0.05). Conclusion Consistent with clinical trial findings, nearly 80% of patients who initiated SZC for HK optimized their RAASi therapy. Patients may require long-term SZC therapy to encourage continuation of RAASi therapy especially after inpatient and ED visits.
Zinc (Zn) plays an important role in the maintenance of redox status in the biological system. Zn deficiency has been found to be associated with negative effects on the functioning of many organ systems, including hepatic and renal systems. Bisphenol A (BPA) can alter Zn homeostasis and perturb the physiological system by provoking oxidative stress, which can lead to damage of different organs such as reproductive, immune, neuroendocrine, hepatic and renal systems. The present study aims to investigate the toxicity of BPA in Zn deficient condition in the liver and kidney of rat and to correlate its synergistic actions. Zn deficiency was induced by feeding Zn-deficient diet (ZDD), and BPA was administered orally (100 mg/kg/d). Male Sprague–Dawley rats were divided into four groups: NPD + Vehicle (normal feed and water), NPD + BPA (100 mg/kg/d), ZDD + Vehicle (fed with Zn-deficient diet only) and ZDD + BPA (Zn-deficient diet + BPA; 100 mg/kg/d) for 8 weeks. Biochemical, histopathological, TUNEL assay and protein expression profiles were determined to decipher the oxidative damage induced by ZDD and the toxicant BPA. Expression profile of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2, proliferating cell nuclear antigen, kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1, superoxide dismutase-1, metallothionein and apoptosis incidence showed that ZDD and BPA have a synergistic exacerbation effect on the liver and kidney of rat.
Background Erythrocyte transfusion is an indispensable component of supportive care after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). However, HSCT recipients are susceptible to the development of acute kidney injury (AKI) with multifactorial causes. We report a case of a rapid elevation in serum creatinine associated with deferoxamine after cord blood transplantation (CBT). Case presentation A 36-year-old Japanese male diagnosed with relapsed Philadelphia-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia received CBT. At day 88 post-CBT, multidrug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa (MDRP) was isolated from urine culture. Subsequently, colistin 200 mg/day was administered parenterally for treatment of epididymitis from day 91 to 117 post-CBT. Despite concomitant administration of potential nephrotoxic agents such as piperacillin-tazobactam, acyclovir, and liposomal amphotericin B, no development of AKI was observed during this period. At day 127 post-CBT, MDRP was detected in blood and urine cultures, and colistin 200 mg/day was re-started parenterally. Due to extremely higher ferritin level, deferoxamine was administered intravenously at day 133 post-CBT. While serum creatinine was 1.03 mg/dL before starting deferoxamine, the level increased to 1.36 mg/dL one day after commencing deferoxamine (day 134 post-CBT), and further increased to 2.11 mg/dL at day 141. Even though colistin was discontinued at day 141 post-CBT, serum creatinine continued to increase. Deferoxamine was withdrawn at day 145 post-CBT, when serum creatinine peaked at 2.70 mg/dL. In addition, no cylinduria is observed during the period of development of AKI. In adverse drug reaction (ADR) assessment using Naranjo probability score, the scores of 3 in deferoxamine and 2 in colistin, respectively, indicated “possible” ADR. However, while colistin-associated AKI manifested early onset, recovery time within 2 weeks after discontinuation and development of cylinduria, this case was discordant with the properties. Furthermore, in the literature review, development of AKI within 1 day, including sudden increase in serum creatinine or abrupt reduction in urine volume, was reported in 3 identified cases. Conclusions We considered the rapid creatinine elevation to be the result of deferoxamine rather than ADR caused by colistin. Therefore, careful monitoring of kidney function is required in recipients of HSCT treated with deferoxamine.
Purpose The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the difficulties healthcare systems face to care for patients with chronic diseases. In the state of Victoria, Australia, the government implemented a state-wide lockdown and restricted the delivery of healthcare to limit the spread of the virus. This study investigated the impact of the pandemic on healthcare access, mental and physical health for patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods Patients with stage 4 or 5 CKD were recruited from the nephrology unit of a metropolitan hospital in Victoria. Participants completed a quantitative and qualitative questionnaire that assessed the impact of the pandemic on their access to healthcare and mental and physical health. The quantitative data were analysed by a series of one-way between-groups analysis of variance (ANOVAs) comparing impact between different time periods since the beginning of the pandemic. Results Participants ( n  = 75) completed the questionnaire from 30 March 2020 to 29 September 2021. Participants reported significant disruptions to accessing healthcare in the initial 6 months of the pandemic. There were no significant differences in the quantitative assessments of physical and mental health of participants across the 18 months of this study. The participants’ qualitative comments about disrupted normal activities, feeling vulnerable to COVID-19, transitioning to telehealth, feeling isolated and vaccination protection provided further insight into the cumulative negative mental health impact of the extended lockdown. Conclusion Our findings highlight the importance of optimising telehealth to improve communication between CKD patients and their treating teams and continuing to monitor the impacts of pandemic restrictions on patients’ mental and physical health.
Background Valproic acid is prescribed for epilepsy and as prophylaxis for bipolar disorder and migraine headaches. It has also been implicated as a cause of a kidney tubular injury. Methods We undertook a review of the literature to characterize the biochemical and histopathological features of the overt kidney tubular injury and to evaluate the possible existence of a pauci-symptomatic injury. The pre-registered review (CRD42022360357) was performed following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) methodology. Searches were conducted in Excerpta Medica, the National Library of Medicine, and Web of Science. The gray literature was also considered. Results For the final analysis, we retained 36 articles: 28 case reports documented 48 individuals with epilepsy on valproic acid for 7 months or more and presenting with features consistent with an overt kidney tubular injury. The following disturbances were noted: hypophosphatemia ( N  = 46), normoglycemic glycosuria ( N  = 46), total proteinuria ( N  = 45), metabolic acidosis ( N  = 36), hypouricemia ( N  = 27), tubular proteinuria ( N  = 27), hypokalemia ( N  = 23), and hypocalcemia ( N  = 8). A biopsy, obtained in six cases, disclosed altered proximal tubular cells with giant and dysmorphic mitochondria. Eight case series addressed the existence of a pauci- or even asymptomatic kidney injury. In the reported 285 subjects on valproic acid for 7 months or more, an isolated tubular proteinuria, mostly N-acetyl-β-glucosaminidase, was often noted. Conclusions Valproic acid may induce an overt kidney tubular injury, which is associated with a proximal tubular mitochondrial toxicity. Treatment for 7 months or more is often associated with a pauci- or oligosymptomatic kidney tubular injury. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background/aim Liver fibrosis assessment is essential to determine the initiation, duration, and evaluation of chronic hepatitis C treatment. Therefore, the study aimed to assess the role of Mac-2-binding protein glycosylation isomer (M2BPGi) as a biomarker to measure liver fibrosis in chronic hepatitis C patients with chronic kidney disease on hemodialysis. Methods This study used a cross-sectional design. Serum M2BPGi level and transient elastography results were evaluated in 102 chronic hepatitis C patients with CKD on HD, 36 CKD on HD patients, and 48 healthy controls. ROC analysis was conducted to identify the optimal cutoff values to assess significant fibrosis and cirrhosis among chronic hepatitis C patients with CKD on HD. Results In chronic hepatitis C patients with CKD on HD, the level of serum M2BPGi had a moderately significant correlation with transient elastography ( r  = 0.447, p  < 0.001). The median serum M2BPGi was higher among CKD on HD patients compared to healthy controls (1.260 COI vs. 0.590 COI, p  < 0.001) and was even higher in chronic hepatitis C patients with CKD on HD compared to CKD on HD group (2.190 COI vs. 1.260 COI, p  < 0.001). It is also increased according to the severity of liver fibrosis: 1.670 COI, 2.020 COI, and 5.065 COI for F0–F1, significant fibrosis, and cirrhosis, respectively. The optimal cutoff values for diagnosing significant fibrosis and cirrhosis were 2.080 and 2.475 COI, respectively. Conclusion Serum M2BPGi could be a simple and reliable diagnostic tool for evaluating cirrhosis in chronic hepatitis C patients with CKD on HD.
Background Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in pediatric patients with kidney failure. Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is recognized as the most common cardiovascular abnormality in these patients. There remains a paucity of longitudinal studies evaluating LVH during maintenance dialysis in children. NAPRTCS has collected echocardiographic data of pediatric maintenance dialysis patients since 2013 and is one of the largest registries to assess longitudinal changes in LVH. Methods Patients aged 1–18 years with echocardiographic data and without underlying structural cardiovascular diseases were included. LVH was defined as left ventricular mass index (LVMI, height-indexed) > 95th percentile for age and sex. Univariate and multivariable logistic regression was performed to assess risk factors for LVH at baseline. Generalized estimating equation was used to assess risk factors of changes in LVH during maintenance dialysis. Results A total of 518 patients had echocardiographic data available for analysis during time on maintenance dialysis. Of 179 patients with baseline echocardiography (within 30 days of dialysis initiation), 67% had LVH. In multivariable logistic regression adjusted for age, race, and sex, uncontrolled hypertension (OR 9.4, 95% CI 2.8–31) and anemia (OR 2.3, 95% CI 1.0–5.3) were associated with LVH at baseline. Prevalence of LVH remained high at 40–50% during follow-up. Controlled and uncontrolled hypertension as well as phosphorus level were independently associated with increased likelihood of LVH during maintenance dialysis. Conclusions LVH is prevalent in pediatric patients at dialysis initiation and remains prevalent during follow-up. Hypertension is the strongest risk factor for LVH in children on maintenance dialysis. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Infections remain the most common cause of hospitalization after kidney transplantation, contributing to significant post-transplant morbidity and mortality. There is a growing body of literature that suggests that immunoglobulins may have a significant protective role against post-transplant infections, although the literature remains sparse, inconsistent, and not well publicized among pediatric nephrologists. Of great concern are data indicating a high prevalence of immunoglobulin abnormalities following transplantation and a possible link between these abnormalities and poorer outcomes. Our educational review focuses on the epidemiology and risk factors for the development of immunoglobulin abnormalities after kidney transplantation, the outcomes in patients with low immunoglobulin levels, and studies evaluating possible interventions to correct these immunoglobulin abnormalities.
Introduction Burden of caregivers is a status that was identified as a consequence of daily care. Anxiety and depression are probably related to complex tasks interwined with the care of a family member suffering from chronic kidney disease (CKD). Purpose To examine the experienced burden, anxiety and depression of Greek caregivers of patients with End-Stage CKD on dialysis as well as kidney transplant recipients (TX) in relation to their demographic profile and to compare among the groups. Methods A total of 396 participants (198 couples of patients and caregivers) were recruited. Structured interviews and self-completed questionnaires were obtained from patients undergoing dialysis modalities as well as TX (28 peritoneal dialysis patients, 137 hemodialysis patients, 33 TX) and their caregivers. Zarit Burden Interview, Beck Depression Inventory and the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-2 scales were used as screening tools. Results The majority of caregivers were females (67.2%), with a median age of 58 years. Total burden was indicated as mild to moderate ( Mdn  = 36 (24–51)). Caregivers of haemodialysis (HD) patients showed the highest burden (Mdn  = 40 (26–53)) followed by peritoneal dialysis(PD) ( Mdn  = 29 (25–51)) and TX group ( Mdn  = 28 (21–43)) ( p  = 0.022). Caregivers’ depression and anxiety were related to the type of patients’ treatment, as well. Caregivers of HD and PD patients reported significantly higher depression ( Mdn  = 11 (5–18)) and anxiety scores ( Mdn  = 3 (2–5)) in comparison to TX caregivers ( Mdn  = 6 (2–13) and Mdn  = 2 (2–4)) ( p  = 0.045 and p  = 0.04, respectively). Conclusion Caregivers of TX patients appeared to have less burden, depression and anxiety levels compared with caregivers of patients on dialysis modalities. Caregivers’ burden is significantly associated with anxiety, depressive symptoms, gender, duration of caregiving, educational level, financial status and caregivers’ age.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is one of the most significant cardiovascular risk factors, playing vital roles in various cardiovascular diseases such as calcific aortic valve disease (CAVD). We aim to explore the CKD-associated genes potentially involving CAVD pathogenesis, and to discover candidate biomarkers for the diagnosis of CKD with CAVD. Methods Three CAVD, one CKD-PBMC and one CKD-Kidney datasets of expression profiles were obtained from the GEO database. Firstly, to detect CAVD key genes and CKD-associated secretory proteins, differentially expressed analysis and WGCNA were carried out. Protein-protein interaction (PPI), functional enrichment and cMAP analyses were employed to reveal CKD-related pathogenic genes and underlying mechanisms in CKD-related CAVD as well as the potential drugs for CAVD treatment. Then, machine learning algorithms including LASSO regression and random forest were adopted for screening candidate biomarkers and constructing diagnostic nomogram for predicting CKD-related CAVD. Moreover, ROC curve, calibration curve and decision curve analyses were applied to evaluate the diagnostic performance of nomogram. Finally, the CIBERSORT algorithm was used to explore immune cell infiltration in CAVD. Results The integrated CAVD dataset identified 124 CAVD key genes by intersecting differential expression and WGCNA analyses. Totally 983 CKD-associated secretory proteins were screened by differential expression analysis of CKD-PBMC/Kidney datasets. PPI analysis identified two key modules containing 76 nodes, regarded as CKD-related pathogenic genes in CAVD, which were mostly enriched in inflammatory and immune regulation by enrichment analysis. The cMAP analysis exposed metyrapone as a more potential drug for CAVD treatment. 17 genes were overlapped between CAVD key genes and CKD-associated secretory proteins, and two hub genes were chosen as candidate biomarkers for developing nomogram with ideal diagnostic performance through machine learning. Furthermore, SLPI/MMP9 expression patterns were confirmed in our external cohort and the nomogram could serve as novel diagnosis models for distinguishing CAVD. Finally, immune cell infiltration results uncovered immune dysregulation in CAVD, and SLPI/MMP9 were significantly associated with invasive immune cells. Conclusions We revealed the inflammatory-immune pathways underlying CKD-related CAVD, and developed SLPI/MMP9-based CAVD diagnostic nomogram, which offered novel insights into future serum-based diagnosis and therapeutic intervention of CKD with CAVD.
Background Diabetes mellitus is a highly prevalent and growing chronic disease that is associated with increased risk of recurrence among several stroke subtypes. However, evidence on the prognostic role of diabetes in the setting of cryptogenic stroke (CS) remains scarce. Methods From April 2019 to November 2021, we recruited prospectively 78 consecutive patients with CS. Patients were classified according to the presence of diabetes. Main outcome was the composite of stroke recurrence and death. Secondary outcome was stroke recurrence. Results Mean age of the cohort was 78 ± 7.7 years and 18 patients (23%) had diabetes. After a median clinical follow-up of 23 months the incidence of stroke recurrence and mortality [HR 5.8 (95% CI 1.9–19), p  = 0.002] and the incidence of stroke recurrence [HR 16.6 (95% CI 1.8–149), p  = 0.012], were higher in patients with diabetes. After adjusting for potential confounders diabetes was identified as an independent predictor of stroke recurrence and death in patients with CS [HR 33.8 (95% CI 2.1–551), p  = 0.013]. Other independent predictors of stroke recurrence and mortality were hypertension [HR 31.4 (95% CI 1.8–550), p  = 0.018], NTproBNP [HR 1.002 (95% CI 1.001–1.004), p  = 0.013] and chronic kidney disease (CKD) [HR 27.4 (95% CI 1.4–549) p  = 0.03]. Furthermore, diabetes was an independent predictor of stroke recurrence [HR 103 (95% CI 1.3–8261), p  = 0.038]. Conclusion Diabetic patients with CS are at higher risk of stroke recurrence and death. Hypertension CKD and NTproBNP are also independent predictors of stroke recurrence and death after CS.
Purpose To evaluate whether ablation volume difference relatively to tumoral volume, minimal distance between ablation area and necrotic tumor, or apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) within the ablation area, measured on 1- and 3-month follow-up MRI following cryoablation of renal tumors, are associated with tumor recurrence. Materials and Methods 136 renal tumors were retrospectively identified. Patients, tumor characteristics and follow-up MRI (1-, 3-, 6-month, and thereafter annually) were collected. Uni- and multivariate analyses were performed to assess the association between the investigated parameters and tumor recurrence. Results Over the follow-up period (27.7 ± 21.9 months), 13 recurrences were identified at 20.5 ± 19.4 months. At 1- and 3-month, the mean volume difference between the ablation zone and the tumor volume were + 577.5 ± 511.3% vs + 251.4 ± 209.8% ( p  = 0.003), and + 268.8 ± 291.1% vs + 103.8 ± 94.6% ( p  = 0.023) in patients without and with tumor recurrence, respectively. At 1- and 3-month, the minimum distance between the necrotic tumor and the edge of the ablation area was 3.4 ± 2.5 vs 1.8 ± 1.9 mm ( p  = 0.019), and 2.4 ± 2.3 vs 1.4 ± 1.8 mm ( p  = 0.13) in patients without and with tumor recurrence, respectively. Analysis of ADC values was not associated with tumor recurrence. After performing the multivariate analysis, only volume difference of the ablation area compared to tumor volume was associated with absence of tumor recurrence at 1- (OR = 14.1; p  = 0.001) and 3-month (OR = 8.2; p  = 0.01). Conclusions Evaluation of volume difference between the ablation area and tumor volume on early (≤ 3 months) MRI follow-up identifies patients at risk of tumor recurrence.
Effect of urate-lowering on renal outcomes in patients at high-risk for cardiovascular disease with hyperuricemia without gout is not known. We conducted a post hoc analysis of a randomized trial (Febuxostat for Cerebral and　CaRdiorenovascular Events PrEvEntion StuDy [FREED]). The FREED trial enrolled 1070 asymptomatic, hyperuricemic elderly patients with at least one risk factor for cardiovascular disease, divided into febuxostat ( n  = 537) and non-febuxostat ( n  = 533) groups. We compared the effect of these treatments on renal outcomes including 40% decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate, new onset of microalbuminuria and development or worsening macroalbuminuria. The relative risk of developing or worsening macroalbuminuria was 56% lower in the febuxostat group (hazard ratio, 0.44; 95% CI, 0.24–0.82; P  = 0.0098). However, the risks for other outcomes were comparable. In patients with asymptomatic hyperuricemia without gout, febuxostat reduces the risk of development or worsening of macroalbuminuria.
Background Pancreatic pseudocyst are fluid filled sacs that develop as a result of dissection of pancreatic enzyme tissue. While most commonly found near the pancreas, they can also rarely occur in other areas such as the perirenal region. Case presentation This study reports a new case of an infected perirenal pancreatic pseudocyst mimicking a left kidney abscess in a 46-year-old North African patient with history of recurrent acute pancreatitis, who presented with left lumbar region pain and fever. Computed tomography revealed a left perirenal collection that turned out to be an infected pancreatic pseudocyst, The diagnostic was first suspected based on the medical history of the patient and confirmed by biochemical examination detecting a high level of pancreatic enzymes in the computed tomography-guided percutaneous drainage fluid. The patient evolved well after early resuscitation, rapid and effective antibiotic therapy, and computed tomography-guided percutaneous drainage of renal collection. Conclusion Pancreatic pseudocyst is an uncommon disorder, which may present at a complicated stage and that must be considered in patients with a history of pancreatitis.
Background In accordance with the United Nations' 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and Japan's Diet Members Caucus on Global Health, we prepared a report and recommendations for nephrology nursing care in the context of population aging in Japan. Goals and strategies to support social activities are discussed. Summary As the population continues to age in Japan, nephrology nursing must evolve to support society amid changes. We should aim for two goals: (1) the construction of a new social system to support people with kidney disease, and (2) the development of clinical nursing by securing nurses who are involved in nephrology nursing. Conclusions Creating a new paradigm for nephrology nursing care in communities, creating knowledge, and advancing nursing practices for patients with renal failure care within community settings and at home, developing nurses with high expertise in nephrology nursing practice, and recognizing that nurses involved in the care of renal insufficiency will elevate the value of nephrology nursing. Promoting the role of nurses in the specialty of renal care will, in turn, heighten their ability to continue to provide support to society and contribute to its development.
Background Fabry disease is an X-linked lysosomal storage disorder caused by insufficient α-galactosidase A (GLA) activity resulting from variants in the GLA gene, which leads to glycosphingolipid accumulation and life-threatening, multi-organ complications. Approximately 50 variants have been reported that cause splicing abnormalities in GLA . Most were found within canonical splice sites, which are highly conserved GT and AG splice acceptor and donor dinucleotides, whereas one-third were located outside canonical splice sites, making it difficult to interpret their pathogenicity. In this study, we aimed to investigate the genetic pathogenicity of variants located in non-canonical splice sites within the GLA gene. Methods 13 variants, including four deep intronic variants, were selected from the Human Gene Variant Database Professional. We performed an in vitro splicing assay to identify splicing abnormalities in the variants. Results All candidate non-canonical splice site variants in GLA caused aberrant splicing. Additionally, all but one variant was protein-truncating. The four deep intronic variants generated abnormal transcripts, including a cryptic exon, as well as normal transcripts, with the proportion of each differing in a cell-specific manner. Conclusions Validation of splicing effects using an in vitro splicing assay is useful for confirming pathogenicity and determining associations with clinical phenotypes.
Background In recent years, chronic kidney disease has increased in the pediatric population and has been related to environmental factors. In the diagnosis of kidney damage, in addition to the traditional parameters, early kidney damage biomarkers, such as kidney injury molecule 1, cystatin C, and osteopontin, among others, have been implemented as predictors of early pathological processes. Objective This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between exposure to environmental pollutants and early kidney damage biomarkers. Methods A cross-sectional pilot study was conducted in February 2016 and involved 115 apparently healthy children aged 6–15 residing in Apizaco, Tlaxcala. Participant selection was carried out randomly from among 16,472 children from the municipality of Apizaco. A socio-demographic questionnaire included  age, sex, education, duration of residence in the area, occupation, water consumption and dietary habits, pathological history, and some non-specific symptoms. Physical examination included blood pressure, weight, and height. The urine concentrations of urinary aluminum, total arsenic, boron, calcium, chromium, copper, mercury, potassium, sodium, magnesium, manganese, molybdenum, lead, selenium, silicon, thallium, vanadium, uranium, and zinc, were measured. Four of the 115 participants selected for the study were excluded due to an incomplete questionnaire or lack of a medical examination, leaving a final sample population of 111 participants. Results The results showed a mean estimated glomerular filtration rate of 89.1 ± 9.98 mL/min/1.73m^2 and a mean albumin/creatinine ratio of 12.9 ± 16.7 mg/g urinary creatinine. We observed a positive and significant correlation between estimated glomerular filtration rate with fluoride, total arsenic and lead, and a correlation of albumin/creatinine ratio with fluoride, vanadium, and total arsenic. There was also a significant correlation between the early kidney damage biomarkers and fluoride, vanadium, and total arsenic, except for cystatin C. Conclusion In conclusion, our results show that four urinary biomarkers: α1-microglobulin, cystatin C, kidney injury molecule 1, and neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin are related to environmental exposure to urinary fluoride, vanadium, and total arsenic in our pediatric population. Graphical abstract 
Objective The aim of this study is to describe the technique and to report early results of thoraco-abdominal biopsies in the Interventional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Suite (IMRIS). Materials and methods We prospectively evaluated patients with indications for MRI-guided biopsy between January 2021 and May 2022. Exclusion criteria were indication for US-/CT-guided biopsy, contraindication to percutaneous biopsy, inability to lie flat for at least 30 min, claustrophobic, severe obesity, or non-MRI compatible devices. Biopsies were performed by 3 interventional radiologists, with at least 8 years of experience in oncological interventional radiology. Epidemiological, clinical, procedural, and histopathological data were retrospectively collected. Results From an initial population of 117 patients, 57 patients (32 male, mean age 64 ± 8 y) were finally enrolled. All 57 patients suspected thoraco-abdominal malignant lesions finally underwent MRI-guided percutaneous biopsy. The mean duration of the entire procedure was 37 min (range 28–65 min); the mean duration of the total needle-in-patient time was 10 min (range 6–19 min). Technical and clinical success were obtained for all the biopsies performed. Malignancy was demonstrated in 47/57 (82%) cases and benignancy in the remaining 10/57 (18%) cases. No major complications were detected after the biopsies; two minor compliances (severe pain) occurred and were managed conservatively. Conclusion Our initial experience demonstrated the technical feasibility and the accuracy of MRI-guided biopsies of thoraco-abdominal masses. The reported data associated with the best comfort for the patient and for the operator make the use of MRI a valid alternative to other methods, especially in lesions that are difficult to approach via US or CT. Clinical relevance statement Interventional MRI is one of the most important innovations available for interventional radiologists. This method will broaden the diagnostic and therapeutic possibilities, allowing treatment of lesions up to now not approachable percutaneously. For this, it is necessary to start publishing the data of the few groups that are developing the method. Key Points • To evaluate the use of MRI as a guide for percutaneous biopsies of various districts. • Our preliminary experience confirms experience demonstrated the technical feasibility and the accuracy of MRI-guided biopsies of thoraco-abdominal masses. • Interventional MRI can become the reference method for percutaneous biopsies in particular for lesions with difficult percutaneous approach.
Purpose To develop and validate a machine learning (ML)-based prediction model for acute kidney injury (AKI) in patients with liver cirrhosis. Methods Data on liver cirrhosis patients were extracted from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care III (MIMIC-III) and MIMIC-IV databases in this retrospective cohort study. ML algorithms, including random forest (RF), extreme gradient boosting (XGB), light gradient boosting machine (LGBM), and gradient boosting decision tree (GBDT) were applied to construct prediction models. Predictors were screened via univariate logistic regression, and then the models were developed with all data of the included patients. A bootstrap resampling method was adopted to validate the models. The predictive abilities of our final model were compared with those of the sequential organ failure assessment score (SOFA), simplified acute physiology score II (SAPS II), Model for End-stage Liver Disease (MELD), and MELD Na. Results This study included 950 patients, of which 429 (45.16%) had AKI. Mechanical ventilation, vasopressor, international normalized ratio (INR), bilirubin, Charlson comorbidity index (CCI), prothrombin time (PT), estimated glomerular filtration rate (EGFR), partial thromboplastin time (PTT), and heart rate served as predictors. In the derivation set, the developed RF [area under curve (AUC) = 0.747], XGB (AUC = 0.832), LGBM (AUC = 0.785), and GBDT (AUC = 0.811) models exhibited significantly greater predictive performance than the logistic regression model (AUC = 0.699) (all P  < 0.05). Among the ML-based models, the XGB model had the greatest AUC. In internal validation, the predictive capacity of the XGB model (AUC = 0.833) was significantly superior to that of the logistic regression model (AUC = 0.701) ( P  = 0.045). Hence, the XGB model was selected as the final model for AKI prediction. In contrast to the XGB model (AUC = 0.832), the SOFA (AUC = 0.609), MELD (AUC = 0.690), MELD Na (AUC = 0.690), and SAPS II (AUC = 0.641) had significantly lower predictive abilities in the derivation set (all P  < 0.001). The XGB model was internally validated to have an AUC of 0.833, which was significantly higher than the SOFA (AUC = 0.609), MELD (AUC = 0.690), MELD Na (AUC = 0.688), and SAPS II (AUC = 0.641) (all P  < 0.05). Conclusion The XGB model had a better performance than the logistic regression model, SOFA, MELD, MELD Na, and SAPS II in AKI prediction for cirrhosis patients, which may help identify patients at a risk of AKI, and then provide timely interventions.
Ubiquitin-specific proteases (USPs) are closely related to protein fate and cellular processes through various molecular signalling pathways, including DNA damage repair, p53, and transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) pathways. In recent years, increasing evidence has revealed the pivotal role of ubiquitination in tumorigenesis of KIRC. However, USPs' molecular mechanism and clinical relevance in kidney cancer still need further exploration. Our study first determined prognosis-related ubiquitin-specific proteases (PRUSPs) in KIRC. We found these genes co-expressed with each other and might regulate different substrates. Based on the USPs' expression, the PRUSPs risk signature was constructed to predict the survival probability of KIRC patients. The patients in high-PRUSPs-risk group showed a low survival rate. ROC and calibration curve indicated a discriminate capacity of the signature, and uni-/multi-variate Cox regression analysis revealed that the PRUSPs score is an independent prognostic factor. In different KIRC clinical subgroups and external validation cohorts (including E-MTAB-1980 and TCGA-KIRP cohorts), the PRUSPs risk signature showed strong robustness and practicability. Further analysis found that high-risk group showed activation of immune-related pathways and high PD-1/CTLA4 expression, revealing that high-risk patients might be sensitive to immunotherapy. In summary, we constructed the USPs risk signature to predict kidney cancer prognosis, which provided the theoretical foundation for further clinical or pre-clinical experiments.
Objective Thrombospondin-2 (TSP-2) is a multifunctional matricellular glycoprotein correlated with glucose homeostasis, insulin sensitivity, and estimated glomerular filtration rate. Investigation of the association of TSP-2 with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and the potential diagnostic value of serum TSP-2 for detecting early diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is needed. Research design and methods An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was used for detection serum TSP-2 levels in 494 Chinese T2DM subjects. The protein expression of TSP-2 in the kidney and other tissues were tested by western blotting. Results Serum TSP-2 levels in T2DM subjects were significantly higher than in healthy individuals. Serum TSP-2 correlated positively with triglycerides, serum uric acid, creatinine, platelets, and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), but negatively with estimated glomerular filtration rate, after adjusting for age, sex, and T2DM duration. Logistic regression analysis demonstrated an independent association between serum TSP-2 and early DKD. Furthermore, the high UACR identified at risk of early DKD increased significantly from 0.78 (95%CI 0.73–0.83) to 0.82 (95%CI 0.77–0.86, p  < 0.001) when added to a clinical model consisting of TSP-2 and age. In db/db mice, serum TSP-2 levels were elevated. TSP-2 expression was markedly increased in the kidney tissue compared with that in db/m and m/m mice. Furthermore, serum TSP-2 expression correlated well with UACR in mice. Conclusions TSP-2 is a novel glycoprotein associated with early DKD in patients with T2DM. The paradoxical increase of serum TSP-2 in T2DM individuals may be due to a compensatory response to chronic inflammatory and renal vascular endothelial growth, warranting further investigation.
Purpose Assessment of renal fibrosis non-invasively in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients is still a clinical challenge. In this study, we aimed to establish a radiomics model integrating radiomics features derived from ultrasound (US) images with clinical characteristics for the assessment of renal fibrosis severity in CKD patients. Methods A total of 160 patients with CKD who underwent kidney biopsy and renal US examination were prospectively enrolled. Patients were classified into the mild or moderate-severe fibrosis group based on pathology results. Radiomics features were extracted from the US images, and a radiomics signature was constructed using the maximum relevance minimum redundancy (mRMR) and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression algorithms. Multivariable logistic regression was employed to construct the radiomics model, which incorporated the radiomics signature and the selected clinical variables. The established model was evaluated for discrimination, calibration, and clinical utility in the derivation cohort and internal cross-validation (CV) analysis, respectively. Results The radiomics signature, consisting of nine identified fibrosis-related features, achieved moderate discriminatory ability with an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 0.72 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.64–0.79). By combining the radiomics signature with significant clinical risk factors, the radiomics model showed satisfactory discrimination performance, yielding an AUC of 0.85 (95% CI 0.79–0.91) in the derivation cohort and a mean AUC of 0.84 (95% CI 0.77–0.92) in the internal CV analysis. It also demonstrated fine accuracy via the calibration curve. Furthermore, the decision curve analysis indicated that the model was clinically useful. Conclusion The proposed radiomics model showed favorable performance in determining the individualized risk of moderate-severe renal fibrosis in patients with CKD, which may facilitate more effective clinical decision-making.
Background The relevance of current consensus threshold to define oliguria has been challenged by small observational studies. We aimed to determine the optimal threshold to define oliguria in critically-ill patients. Methods Cohort study including adult patients admitted within a multi-disciplinary intensive care unit between January 1st 2010 and June 15th 2020. Patients on chronic dialysis or who declined consent were excluded. We extracted hourly urinary output (UO) measurements along with patient’s characteristics from electronic medical records and 90-day mortality from the Swiss national death registry. We randomly split our data into a training (80%) and a validation (20%) set. In the training set, we developed multivariable models to assess the relationship between 90-day mortality and the minimum average UO calculated over time windows of 3, 6, 12 and 24 h. Optimal thresholds were determined by visually identifying cut-off values for the minimum average UO below which predicted mortality increased substantially. We tested models’ discrimination and calibration on the entire validation set as well as on a subset of patients with oliguria according to proposed thresholds. Results Among the 15,500 patients included in this analysis (training set: 12,440, validation set: 3110), 73.0% (95% CI [72.3–73.8]) presented an episode of oliguria as defined by consensus criteria (UO < 0.5 ml/kg/h for 6 h). Our models had excellent (AUC > 85% for all time windows) discrimination and calibration. The relationship between minimum average UO and predicted 90-day mortality was nonlinear with an inflexion point at 0.2 ml/kg/h for 3 and 6 h windows and 0.3 ml/kg/h for 12 and 24 h windows. Considering a threshold of < 0.2 ml/kg/h over 6 h, the proportion of patients with an episode of oliguria decreased substantially to 24.7% (95% CI [24.0–25.4]). Contrary to consensus definition, this threshold identified a population with a higher predicted 90-day mortality. Conclusions The widely used cut-off for oliguria of 0.5 ml/kg/h over 6 h may be too conservative. A cut-off of 0.2 ml/kg/h over 3 or 6 h is supported by the data and should be considered in further definitions of oliguria.
Background Recent studies have shown that donor nephrectomy can induce renal function impairment. However, few meta-analysis studies about this have proceeded. Therefore, the objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis including all data of recent research studies was to determine whether living donor nephrectomy (LDN) could induce renal function impairment. Methods By November 2020, comprehensive literature searches were performed on PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane databases. Inclusion criteria were: (1) observational studies with data about overall end-stage renal disease (ESRD) or chronic kidney disease (CKD) of living kidney donors, (2) control group consisted of people without donor nephrectomy, and (3) outcomes of studies included long-term end-stage renal disease risks after living kidney donation. Risk of Bias in Non-randomized Studies of interventions (ROBINS-I) assessment tool was used to evaluate our methodological quality. Results The qualitative review included 11 studies and the meta-analysis included 5 studies. In the meta-analysis, the integrated overall ESRD risk was 5.57 (95% CI: 2.03—15.30). Regarding the overall risk of bias using ROBINS-I assessment tool, 0 studies was rated as "Low", 7 studies were rated as "moderate", 2 studies were rated as "Serious", and two studies were rated as "Critical". Conclusions Our study showed that LDN increased ESRD risk in LDN patients. However, in our meta-analysis, variables in included studies were not uniform and the number of included studies was small. To have a definite conclusion, meta-analyses of well-planned and detailed studies need to be conducted in the future.
Bladder cancer, prostate cancer, and kidney cancer, due to their high morbidity and mortality rates, result in significant economic and health care costs. Arsenic exposure affects the drinking water of millions of people worldwide. Long-term exposure to arsenic, even in low concentrations, increases the risk of developing various cancers. Smoking is also one of the leading causes of bladder, prostate and kidney cancers. Accordingly, this research reviews the relationship between arsenic exposure and smoking with three kinds of urinary tract cancers (bladder cancer, prostate cancer, and kidney cancer) due to their widespread concern for their negative impact on public health globally. In this review, we have gathered the most current information from scientific databases [PubMed, Scopus, Google Scholar, ISI web of science] regarding the relationship between arsenic exposure and tobacco smoking with the risk of bladder, prostate, and kidney cancer. In several studies, a significant relationship was determined between the incidence and mortality rate of the above-mentioned cancers in humans with arsenic exposure and tobacco smoking. The decrease or cessation of smoking and consumption of arsenic-free water significantly declined the incidence of bladder, prostate, and kidney cancers.
Background Pediatric continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT) uses blood as the priming fluid in the CKRT circuit to prevent hemodilution and hypotension and is dialyzed using a dialysate before the start of CKRT. This study aimed to investigate the safety of CKRT using a protocol of no predialysis after blood priming in underweight infants, based on hemodynamic and laboratory data changes. Methods This single-center retrospective cohort study included children weighing < 5 kg after cardiac surgery treated with CKRT from March 2019 to February 2022. Our protocol is as follows. We used 6-Fr vascular access, 20 mL priming volume of 0.3 m^2 cellulose triacetate membrane, 37 mL priming volume of the pediatric extracorporeal circuit, and 57 mL of total extracorporeal volume. Heparin saline was prefilled with the extracorporeal circuit, and then, 30 mL of packed red blood cells was used to prime. Subsequently, the therapy was started without predialysis treatment of blood primes and vasopressin was used as a vasopressor for hypotension. Hemodynamic and laboratory data changes were studied. Results CKRT was performed in 8 patients, and 19 circuit connections were analyzed. Hypotension was observed in 10/19 (52.6%) connections, but all patients recovered within approximately 10 min. Ionized calcium, bicarbonate, and pH values were significantly decreased ( p  = 0.001, < 0.001, and < 0.001, respectively) before dialysis. However, 60 min after dialysis, pH recovered to predialysis levels and ionized calcium and bicarbonate recovered to > 95% of the levels before extracorporeal circulation. Moreover, potassium levels, which were not significantly different between extracorporeal circulation and dialysis initiation ( p  = 1.000), were significantly decreased after dialysis ( p  = 0.046). Lactate and hematocrit did not significantly change either before dialysis ( p  = 0.131 and 0.071, respectively) or after dialysis compared to the time of extracorporeal circulation ( p  = 1.000 and 0.591, respectively). Conclusions CKRT, using our protocol, could be safely performed without predialysis treatment of blood primes in children weighing < 5 kg.
Aim The incidence of cardiovascular and renal events was investigated in patients with type 2 diabetes who were classified according to anemia and the components of dialysis-independent chronic kidney disease (CKD) in a prospective observational study. Methods A population of 778 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes was prospectively analyzed for 4 years. The outcomes were the incidence of cardiovascular events and renal events. Results In all subjects, the incidence of cardiovascular and renal events was found to be 5% and 11%, respectively. Even after adjusting for a reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m^2), the incidence of cardiovascular events was significantly higher (hazard ratio [HR]: 5.73) in patients with anemia and albuminuria than in those without anemia and albuminuria. The incidence of renal events was significantly higher in patients with no anemia and albuminuria (HR: 2.93) and further in those with anemia and albuminuria (HR: 7.56) than in those without anemia and albuminuria even after adjusting for a reduced eGFR. Conclusion Anemia combined with albuminuria is a risk factor for vascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes, regardless of the eGFR.
Background An increasing number of older people are living with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Many have complex healthcare needs and are at risk of deteriorating health and functional status, which can adversely affect their quality of life. Comprehensive geriatric assessment (CGA) is an effective intervention to improve survival and independence of older people, but its clinical utility and cost-effectiveness in frail older people living with CKD is unknown. Methods The GOAL Trial is a pragmatic, multi-centre, open-label, superiority, cluster randomised controlled trial developed by consumers, clinicians, and researchers. It has a two-arm design, CGA compared with standard care, with 1:1 allocation of a total of 16 clusters. Within each cluster, study participants ≥ 65 years of age (or ≥ 55 years if Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander (First Nations Australians)) with CKD stage 3–5/5D who are frail, measured by a Frailty Index (FI) of > 0.25, are recruited. Participants in intervention clusters receive a CGA by a geriatrician to identify medical, social, and functional needs, optimise medication prescribing, and arrange multidisciplinary referral if required. Those in standard care clusters receive usual care. The primary outcome is attainment of self-identified goals assessed by standardised Goal Attainment Scaling (GAS) at 3 months. Secondary outcomes include GAS at 6 and 12 months, quality of life (EQ-5D-5L), frailty (Frailty Index – Short Form), transfer to residential aged care facilities, cost-effectiveness, and safety (cause-specific hospitalisations, mortality). A process evaluation will be conducted in parallel with the trial including whether the intervention was delivered as intended, any issue or local barriers to intervention delivery, and perceptions of the intervention by participants. The trial has 90% power to detect a clinically meaningful mean difference in GAS of 10 units. Discussion This trial addresses patient-prioritised outcomes. It will be conducted, disseminated and implemented by clinicians and researchers in partnership with consumers. If CGA is found to have clinical and cost-effectiveness for frail older people with CKD, the intervention framework could be embedded into routine clinical practice. The implementation of the trial’s findings will be supported by presentations at conferences and forums with clinicians and consumers at specifically convened workshops, to enable rapid adoption into practice and policy for both nephrology and geriatric disciplines. It has potential to materially advance patient-centred care and improve clinical and patient-reported outcomes (including quality of life) for frail older people living with CKD. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04538157. Registered on 3 September 2020.
Ethanol consumption can generate free radicals and cause oxidative stress, tissue inflammation, and kidney impairment. It has long been known that saponins from natural sources have numerous therapeutic benefits in African herbal and traditional medicine. However, the study aimed to the study aimed to evaluate the ameliorative effect of saponin-rich extract of Citrullus lanatus seed against ethanol-induced kidney injury. Rats were divided into six groups: a normal control, an ethanol control (10 ml/kg of 50% ethanol), a saponin control (100 mg/kg/day), an ethanol plus low and high doses of saponin (ET + 50 and 100 mg/kg SCL), and an ethanol plus Silymarin (ET + 100 mg/kg SLY) group. Serum urea, creatinine, and uric acid were measured, as were oxidative stress markers and renal tissue inflammatory markers. The ethanol-induced increases in creatinine, urea, and uric acid were significantly (p < 0.05) mitigated by Citrullus lanatus seed saponins (SCL). When rats administered SCL were compared to untreated ethanol rats, CAT, SOD, and GPx levels increased significantly (p < 0.05), whereas MDA decreased. Likewise, SCL dramatically lowered IL-1β and TNF-α levels in ethanol-treated rats. A histopathological study strongly supported the result of the biochemical assay. The results of this study reveal that by reducing the rise in renal function, inflammatory markers, and oxidative stress, the saponin-rich fraction of Citrullus lanatus seed has therapeutic potential against ethanol-induced kidney damage. SCL may therefore act as a plant-based natural remedy to reduce kidney damage.
Abstract Ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI) is the main cause of acute kidney injury (AKI), and there is no effective therapy. Microenvironmental acidification is generally observed in ischemic tissues. Acid-sensing ion channel 1a (ASIC1a) can be activated by a decrease in extracellular pH which mediates neuronal IRI. Our previous study demonstrated that, ASIC1a inhibition alleviates renal IRI. However, the underlying mechanisms have not been fully elucidated. In this study, we determined that renal tubule-specific deletion of ASIC1a in mice (ASIC1a^fl/fl/CDH16^cre) attenuated renal IRI, and reduced the expression of NLRP3, ASC, cleaved-caspase-1, GSDMD-N, and IL-1β. Consistent with these in vivo results, inhibition of ASIC1a by the specific inhibitor PcTx-1 protected HK-2 cells from hypoxia/reoxygenation (H/R) injury, and suppressed H/R-induced NLRP3 inflammasome activation. Mechanistically, the activation of ASIC1a by either IRI or H/R induced the phosphorylation of NF-κB p65, which translocates to the nucleus and promotes the transcription of NLRP3 and pro-IL-1β. Blocking NF-κB by treatment with BAY 11-7082 validated the roles of H/R and acidosis in NLRP3 inflammasome activation. This further confirmed that ASIC1a promotes NLRP3 inflammasome activation, which requires the NF-κB pathway. In conclusion, our study suggests that ASIC1a contributes to renal IRI by affecting the NF-κB/NLRP3 inflammasome pathway. Therefore, ASIC1a may be a potential therapeutic target for AKI. Key messages Knockout of ASIC1a attenuated renal ischemia-reperfusion injury. ASIC1a promoted the NF-κB pathway and NLRP3 inflammasome activation. Inhibition of the NF-κB mitigated the NLRP3 inflammasome activation induced by ASIC1a.
Purpose Vaccination against Streptococcus pneumoniae is recommended in transplant recipients to reduce the morbidity and mortality from invasive pneumococcal disease. Previous studies indicate that transplant recipients can produce specific antibodies after vaccination with the 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine Prevenar 13 (PCV13) or the pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine Pneumovax 23 (PPSV23). National guidelines recommend sequential vaccination with PCV13 followed by PPSV23 in kidney transplant patients. However, there are currently no data on the serological response in kidney transplant recipients, who received a sequential vaccination with PCV13 and PPSV23. Methods In the current study, we sequentially vaccinated 46 kidney transplant recipients with PCV13 and PPSV23 and determined global and serotype-specific anti-pneumococcal antibody responses in the year following vaccination. Results Serotype-specific and global anti-pneumococcal antibody concentrations were significantly higher compared to baseline. We observed that serotype-specific antibody responses varied by serotype (between 2.2- and 2.9-fold increase after 12 months). The strongest responses after 12 months were detected against the serotypes 9N (2.9-fold increase) and 14 (2.8-fold increase). Global antibody responses also varied with respect to immunoglobulin class. IgG2 revealed the highest increase (2.7-fold), IgM the lowest (1.7-fold). Sequential vaccination with both vaccines achieved higher antibody levels in comparison with a historical cohort studied at our institute, that was vaccinated with PCV13 alone. During the 12-months follow-up period, none of the patients developed pneumococcal-associated pneumonia or vaccination-related allograft rejection. Conclusion In conclusion, we strongly recommend sequential vaccination over single immunization in kidney transplant recipients.
The objective of a conducted research was to analyze the impacts of numerous silver nanoparticle concentrations (20, 40, 60, 80, and 100 ppm) on germination of kidney beans. This entailed treating 100 g of seeds with AgNp for 2 h, immediately following 5 days of germination in a jute bag. Results indicated that, compared to other concentrations, 60 ppm had the highest percentage of germination and the longest roots, whereas the extreme concentrations had the opposite effects. The closest analysis of seeds that had already germinated revealed that the moisture content was highest at 100 ppm (17.47%). Both germinated and non-germinated kidney beans have a drop in ash and fat content when they sprouted. Additionally, fiber content increased when kidney beans were treated with up to 80 ppm, but it reduced at 100 ppm. Oval and elliptical granules with variable sizes (0–10 m) were found in the microstructural study of germinated seeds performed with a scanning electron microscope. Incorporation of 60 ppm of AgNP showed the greatest amounts of total phenols (5.04 mg GAE/g), flavonoids (480.40 mg catechin/100 g), and flavonols (660.80 mg catechin/100 g) and the antioxidant profile was 72%. The research demonstrated that adding silver nanoparticles to kidney bean seeds at concentrations of 60 ppm had a good impact on germination, antioxidant activity, and total phenolic chemicals.
Background In clinical trials enrolling patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) at high cardiovascular risk, many glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RAs) improved albuminuria status and possibly mitigated kidney function loss. However, limited data are available regarding the effects of GLP-1 RAs on albuminuria status and kidney function in real-world settings, including populations with a lower baseline cardiovascular and kidney risk. We assessed the association of GLP-1 RAs initiation with long-term kidney outcomes in the Maccabi Healthcare Services database, Israel. Methods Adults with T2D treated with  ≥ 2 glucose-lowering agents who initiated GLP-1 RAs or basal insulin from 2010 to 2019 were propensity-score matched (1:1) and followed until October 2021 (intention-to-treat [ITT]). In an as-treated (AT) analysis, follow-up was also censored at study-drug discontinuation or comparator-initiation. We assessed the risk of a composite kidney outcome, including confirmed  ≥ 40% eGFR loss or end-stage kidney disease, and the risk of new macroalbuminuria. Treatment-effect on eGFR slopes was assessed by fitting a linear regression model per patient, followed by a t-test to compare the slopes between the groups. Results Each propensity-score matched group constituted 3424 patients, 45% women, 21% had a history of cardiovascular disease, and 13.9% were treated with sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors at baseline. Mean eGFR was 90.6 mL/min/1.73 m^2 (SD 19.3) and median UACR was 14.6 mg/g [IQR 0.0–54.7]. Medians follow-up were 81.1 months (ITT) and 22.3 months (AT). The hazard-ratios [95% CI] of the composite kidney outcome with GLP-1 RAs versus basal insulin were 0.96 [0.82–1.11] (p = 0.566) and 0.71 [0.54–0.95] (p = 0.020) in the ITT and AT analyses, respectively. The respective HRs for first new macroalbuminuria were 0.87 [0.75–0.997] and 0.80 [0.64–0.995]. The use of GLP-1 RA was associated with a less steep eGFR slope compared with basal insulin in the AT analysis (mean annual between-group difference of 0.42 mL/min/1.73 m^2/year [95%CI 0.11–0.73]; p = 0.008). Conclusion Initiation of GLP-1 RAs in a real-world setting is associated with a reduced risk of albuminuria progression and possible mitigation of kidney function loss in patients with T2D and mostly preserved kidney function.
Background Shiga toxin-producing E. coli (STEC) infections affect children and adults worldwide, and treatment remain solely supportive. Up to 15–20% of children infected by high-risk STEC (i.e., E. coli that produce Shiga toxin 2) develop hemolytic anemia, thrombocytopenia, and kidney failure (i.e., hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS)), over half of whom require acute dialysis and 3% die. Although no therapy is widely accepted as being able to prevent the development of HUS and its complications, several observational studies suggest that intravascular volume expansion (hyperhydration) may prevent end organ damage. A randomized trial is needed to confirm or refute this hypothesis. Methods We will conduct a pragmatic, embedded, cluster-randomized, crossover trial in 26 pediatric institutions to determine if hyperhydration, compared to conservative fluid management, improves outcomes in 1040 children with high-risk STEC infections. The primary outcome is major adverse kidney events within 30 days (MAKE30), a composite measure that includes death, initiation of new renal replacement therapy, or persistent kidney dysfunction. Secondary outcomes include life-threatening, extrarenal complications, and development of HUS. Pathway eligible children will be treated per institutional allocation to each pathway. In the hyperhydration pathway, all eligible children are hospitalized and administered 200% maintenance balanced crystalloid fluids up to targets of 10% weight gain and 20% reduction in hematocrit. Sites in the conservative fluid management pathway manage children as in- or outpatients, based on clinician preference, with the pathway focused on close laboratory monitoring, and maintenance of euvolemia. Based on historical data, we estimate that 10% of children in our conservative fluid management pathway will experience the primary outcome. With 26 clusters enrolling a mean of 40 patients each with an intraclass correlation coefficient of 0.11, we will have 90% power to detect a 5% absolute risk reduction. Discussion HUS is a devastating illness with no treatment options. This pragmatic study will determine if hyperhydration can reduce morbidity associated with HUS in children with high-risk STEC infection. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05219110 . Registered on February 1, 2022.
Introduction Ureteroscopy and stone lasertripsy (URSL) is a recognized technique for treatment of urinary tract stones. Holmium:Yag laser has been successfully used for this purpose for the last two decades. More lately, pulse modulation with Moses technology and high power lasers have been introduced with the result of faster and more efficient stone lasertripsy. Pop dusting is a two-stage combined treatment using a long pulse Ho:YAG laser, initially in contact mode with the stone ‘dusting’ (0.2–0.5 J/40–50 Hz) followed by non-contact mode ‘pop-dusting’ (0.5–0.7 J/20–50 Hz). We wanted to look at the outcomes of lasertripsy for renal and ureteric stones using a high-power laser machine. Methods Over a period of 6.5 years (January 2016–May 2022), we prospectively collected data for patients undergoing URSL for stones larger than 15 mm treated using high power Ho:YAG laser (60W Moses or 100W laser). Patient parameters, stone demographics and outcomes of URSL were analyzed. Results A total of 201 patients, underwent URSL for large urinary stones. In 136 patients (61.6%) stones were multiple and the mean single and cumulative stone size was 18 mm and 22.4 mm respectively. A pre- and post-operative stent was placed in 92 (41.4%) and 169 (76%) respectively. The initial and final stone free rate (SFR) were 84.5% and 94% respectively and 10% patients underwent additional procedure to achieve stone free status. 7 (3.9%) complications were recorded, all related to UTI/sepsis, with 6 Clavien II and 1 Clavien IVa complication. Conclusion Dusting and pop-dusting has shown to be successful and safe with the ability to treat large, bilateral or multiple stones with low retreatment and complication rates.
Continuous Renal Replacement Therapy (CRRT) machines are used off-label in patients less than 20 kg. Infant and neonates-dedicated CRRT machines are making their way into current practice, but these machines are available only in select centres. This study assesses the safety and efficacy of CRRT using adult CRRT machines in children ≤ 10 kg and to determines the factors affecting the circuit life in these children. Design: Retrospective cohort study of children ≤ 10 kg who received CRRT (January 2010-January 2018) at a PICU in a tertiary care centre in London, UK. Primary diagnosis, markers for illness severity, CRRT characteristics, length of PICU admission and survival to PICU discharge were collected. Descriptive analysis compared survivors and non-survivors. A subgroup analysis compared children ≤ 5 kg to children 5–10 kg. Fifty-one patients ≤ 10 kg received 10,328 h of CRRT, with median weight of 5 kg. 52.94% survived to hospital discharge. Median circuit life was 44 h (IQR 24–68). Bleeding episodes occurred with 6.7% of sessions and hypotension for 11.9%. Analysis of efficacy showed a reduction in fluid overload at 48 h ( P  = 0.0002) and serum creatinine at 24 and 48 h ( P  = 0.001). Blood priming was deemed to be safe as serum potassium decreased at 4 h ( P  = 0.005); there was no significant change in serum calcium. Survivors had a lower PIM2 score at PICU admission ( P  < 0.001) and had longer PICU length of stay ( P  < 0.001).     Conclusion : Pending neonatal and infant dedicated CRRT machines, CRRT can be safely and effectively applied to children weighing ≤ 10 kg using adult-sized CRRT machines. What is Known: • Continuous Renal Replacement Therapy can be used for a variety of renal and non-renal indications to improve outcomes for children in the paediatric intensive care unit. These include, persistent oliguria, fluid overload, hyperkalaemia, metabolic acidosis, hyperlactatemia, hyperammonaemia, and hepatic encephalopathy. • Young children ≤ 10 kg are most often treated using standard adult machines, off-label. This potentially places them at risk of side effects due to high extracorporeal circuit volumes, relatively higher blood flows, and difficulty in achieving vascular access. What is New: • This study found that standard adult machines were effective in reducing fluid overload and creatinine in children ≤ 10 kg. This study also assessed safety of blood priming in this group and found no evidence of an acute fall in haemoglobin or calcium, and a fall in serum potassium by a median of 0.3 mmol/L. The frequency of bleeding episodes was 6.7%, and hypotension requiring vasopressors or fluid resuscitation occurred with 11.9% of treatment sessions. • These findings suggest that adult CRRT machines are sufficiently safe and efficacious for routine use in PICU for children ≤ 10 kg and suggest that further research is undertaken, regarding the routine rollout of dedicated machines.
Background The terms “renal regenerating nodule” and “nodular compensatory hypertrophy” are used in the literature to describe functioning pseudo-tumors (FPT) in the setting of an extensively scarred kidney. FPTs are usually discovered incidentally during routine renal imaging. Differentiating these FPTs from renal neoplasms is critical but can be challenging in the setting of chronic kidney disease (CKD) given the limitations related to using contrast-based imaging. Case summaries We report a pediatric case series of 5 CKD patients, with history of urinary tract infections, in which tumor-like lesions evolved in scarred kidneys and were incidentally discovered on routine renal imaging. These were diagnosed as FPT by utilizing dimercaptosuccinic acid (DMSA) imaging and showed stable size and appearance upon follow-up with ultrasound and MRI. Conclusion FPTs can be picked up on routine imaging of pediatric patients with CKD. Although larger cohort studies are needed to confirm these conclusions, our case series supports the evidence that DMSA scan showing uptake at the site of the mass can be a useful tool to suggest the diagnosis of FPTs in children with kidney scarring, and that SPECT DMSA scan adds more precision in picking up and accurately localizing FPTs compared to planar DMSA.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major public health concern due to its high mortality risk, high hospitalization rates and cost, and low life expectancy. Thus, CKD patients are among patient group that may benefit from clinical pharmacy services the most. Methods This was a prospective interventional study conducted between October 1, 2019, and March 18, 2020, in the nephrology ward of Ankara University School of the Medicine, Ibn-i Sina Hospital. DRPs were classified according to PCNE v8.03. The main outcomes were interventions proposed and the rate of acceptance by the physicians. Results 269 pre-dialysis patients were included to determine DRPs during the treatment process of the patients. 205 DRPs were found in 131 (48.7%) patients. Treatment efficacy was found to be the main type of DRPs (56.2%) followed by treatment safety (39.6%). When patients with and without DRPs were compared, it was found that the number of female patients (55.0%) was higher in the group with DRPs (p < 0.05). The length of hospital stays (11.3 ± 7.7) and the mean number of drugs used (9.6 ± 3.6) in the group with DRPs were significantly higher than those without DRPs (9.3 ± 5.9; 8.1 ± 3.5, respectively) (p < 0.05). 91.7% of the interventions were accepted by the physicians, and patients and found clinically beneficial. 71.7% of DRPs were fully resolved, 1.9% partially resolved and 23.4% could not be resolved. Conclusions A high prevalence of DRPs in patients with chronic kidney disease was determined during therapy. Clinical pharmacist interventions were highly accepted by the physicians and patients. This may indicate implementation of clinical pharmacy services in the nephrology ward has a great impact on optimized therapy and prevention DRPs.
Background Proton Pump Inhibitors (PPI) are among the most commonly used drugs to treat acid-related gastrointestinal disorders in the USA. Although PPI use has been linked to acute interstitial nephritis, the side effects of post-hospitalization acute kidney injury (AKI) and the progression of kidney disease still are controversial. We conducted a matched cohort study to examine the associations between PPI use and the side effects, especially in post-hospitalization AKI. Methods We investigated 340 participants from the multicenter, prospective, matched-cohort ASSESS-AKI study, which enrolled participants from December 2009 to February 2015. After the baseline index hospitalization, follow-up visits were conducted every six months, and included a collection of self-reported PPI use by participants. Post-hospitalization AKI was defined as the percentage increase from the nadir to peak inpatient SCr value was ≥ 50% and/or absolute increase ≥ 0.3 mg/dL in peak inpatient serum creatinine compared with baseline outpatient serum creatinine. We applied a zero-inflated negative binomial regression model to test the relationship between PPI use and post-hospitalization AKI. Stratified Cox proportional hazards regression models also were conducted to examine the association between PPI use and the risk of progression of kidney disease. Results After controlling for demographic variables, baseline co-morbidities and drug use histories, there was no statistically significant association between PPI use and risk of post-hospitalization AKI (risk ratio [RR], 0.91; 95% CI, 0.38 to 1.45). Stratified by AKI status at baseline, no significant relationships were confirmed between PPI use and the risk of recurrent AKI (RR, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.11 to 1.56) or incidence of AKI (RR, 1.01; 95% CI, 0.27 to 1.76). Similar non-significant results also were observed in the association between PPI use and the risk of progression of kidney diseases (Hazard Ratio [HR], 1.49; 95% CI, 0.51 to 4.36). Conclusion PPI use after the index hospitalization was not a significant risk factor for post-hospitalization AKI and progression of kidney diseases, regardless of the AKI status of participants at baseline.
The objective of this study was to reveal the signs and symptoms for the classification of pediatric patients at risk of CKD using decision trees and extreme gradient boost models for predicting outcomes. A case–control study was carried out involving children with 376 chronic kidney disease (cases) and a control group of healthy children ( n  = 376). A family member responsible for the children answered a questionnaire with variables potentially associated with the disease. Decision tree and extreme gradient boost models were developed to test signs and symptoms for the classification of children. As a result, the decision tree model revealed 6 variables associated with CKD, whereas twelve variables that distinguish CKD from healthy children were found in the “XGBoost”. The accuracy of the “XGBoost” model (ROC AUC = 0.939, 95%CI: 0.911 to 0.977) was the highest, while the decision tree model was a little lower (ROC AUC = 0.896, 95%CI: 0.850 to 0.942). The cross-validation of results showed that the accuracy of the evaluation database model was like that of the training. Conclusion : In conclusion, a dozen symptoms that are easy to be clinically verified emerged as risk indicators for chronic kidney disease. This information can contribute to increasing awareness of the diagnosis, mainly in primary care settings. Therefore, healthcare professionals can select patients for more detailed investigation, which will reduce the chance of wasting time and improve early disease detection. What is Known: •   Late diagnosis of chronic kidney disease in children is common, increasing morbidity. •   Mass screening of the whole population is not cost-effective. What is New: •  With two machine-learning methods, this study revealed 12 symptoms to aid early CKD diagnosis. •   These symptoms are easily obtainable and can be useful mainly in primary care settings.
Background Kidney stone disease (KSD) is a common condition that affects 10% population in the United States (US). The relationship between thiamine and riboflavin intake and KSD has not been well-studied. We aimed to investigate the prevalence of KSD and the association between dietary thiamine and riboflavin intake with KSD in the US population. Methods This large-scale, cross-sectional study included subjects from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007–2018. KSD and dietary intake were collected from questionnaires and 24-hour recall interviews. Logistic regression and sensitivity analyses were performed to investigate the association. Results This study included 26,786 adult participants with a mean age of 50.12 ± 17.61 years old. The prevalence of KSD was 9.62%. After adjusting for all potential covariates, we found that higher riboflavin intake was negatively related to KSD compared with dietary intake of riboflavin < 2 mg/day in the fully-adjusted model (OR = 0.541, 95% CI = 0.368 to 0.795, P  = 0.002). After stratifying by gender and age, we found that the impact of riboflavin on KSD still existed in all age subgroups ( P  < 0.05) but only in males ( P  = 0.001). No such associations were found between dietary intake of thiamine and KSD in any of the subgroups. Conclusions Our study suggested that a high intake of riboflavin is independently inversely associated with kidney stones, especially in male population. No association was found between dietary intake of thiamine and KSD. Further studies are needed to confirm our results and explore the causal relationships.
Objective To explore the association between circadian syndrome (CircS) and the prevalence of kidney stones in overweight people. Materials and methods A cross-sectional analysis was conducted based on the NHANES 2007–2018. Overweight people aged ≥ 20 years were the target population. Three multivariable logistic regression models were built to examine the association between CircS and kidney stones. Subgroup analysis based on age, gender, and race were also employed. Interaction and stratification analysis was also conducted to identify whether some factors modify the association. Result A total of 4,603 overweight participants were included in the study. The multivariable logistic regression suggested that CircS was positively associated with the prevalence of kidney stones (OR = 1.422, 95% CI 1.057 to 1.912). The subgroup analysis showed that the association was more obvious in females (OR = 1.604, 95% CI 1.023 to 2.516) or in the population aged 35 to 49 years old (OR = 2.739, 95% CI 1.428 to 5.254). Additionally, the same trend was present when people were Mexican American (OR = 3.834, 95% CI 1.790 to 8.215) or other races (OR = 4.925, 95% CI 1.776 to 13.656). The interaction and stratification analysis showed that the results above were robust. Conclusion CircS was positively associated with the prevalence of kidney stones in overweight people, especially people as females, aged 35 to 49, and Mexican Americans.
Rehydration volume may be underestimated in obese critically ill patients, which can lead to acute kidney injury (AKI). This study aimed to investigate the association between input/weight ratio (IWR) and AKI risk in obese critical patients. This retrospective observational study analyzed data from three large open databases. Patients were divided into lean and obese groups and matched 1:1 based on age, sex, APACHE II score, SOFA score, sepsis status, mechanical ventilation status, renal replacement therapy status, and hospital type. The exposure of interest was the mean IWR during the first three ICU admission days. The primary outcome was the incidence of AKI within 28 days after ICU admission. Cox regression analysis was used to evaluate the association between IWR and AKI risk. A total of 82,031 eligible patients were included in the study, with 25,427 obese patients matched with 25,427 lean patients. The IWRs were significantly lower in the obese groups in both the unmatched cohort (35.85 ± 19.05 vs. 46.01 ± 30.43 ml/kg, p  < 0.01) and the matched cohort (36.13 ± 19.16 vs. 47.34 ± 31.13 ml/kg, p  < 0.01). An increase in IWR was significantly associated with decreased creatinine levels, increased urine output and a lower AKI risk. The interaction terms of IWR and obesity were significantly associated with decreased AKI incidence in both the unmatched cohort (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.97, 95% CI 0.96–0.97, p  < 0.01) and the matched cohort (HR = 0.97, 95% CI 0.96–0.97, p  < 0.01). Inadequate rehydration of patients with obesity may contribute to an increased risk of AKI in patients with obesity. These results highlight the need for better rehydration management in patients with obesity.
Background Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common sustained arrhythmia which has been associated with increased sympathetic nervous system activity and hypertension. Recent evidence indicated that renal sympathetic denervation (RDN) could safely contribute to an improvement in AF burden. Objective To investigate the long-term safety and efficacy of radiofrequency RDN in hypertensive patients with symptomatic AF. Methods This pilot study included patients with symptomatic paroxysmal or persistent AF (European Hearth Rhythm Association class ≥ II) despite optimal medical therapy, office systolic blood pressure (BP) ≥ 140 mmHg and ≥ 2 antihypertensive drugs. AF burden was measured using an implantable cardiac monitor (ICM), implanted 3 months prior to RDN. ICM interrogation and 24-h ambulatory BP monitoring were performed at baseline and at 3/6/12/24/36 months post RDN. The primary efficacy outcome was daily AF burden. Statistical analyses were performed using Poisson and negative binomial models. Results A total of 20 patients with a median age [25th–75th percentiles] of 66.2 [61.2–70.8] years (55% female) were included. At baseline, office BP ± standard deviation (SD) was 153.8/87.5 ± 15.2/10.4 mmHg, while mean 24-h ambulatory BP was 129.5/77.3 ± 15.5/9.3 mmHg. Baseline daily AF burden was 1.4 [0.0–10.9] minutes/day and throughout a 3-year follow-up period, no significant change was observed (− 15.4%/year; 95% confidence interval (CI) − 50.2%, + 43.7%; p  = 0.54). The number of defined daily doses of antiarrhythmic drugs and antihypertensive drugs remained stable over time, while mean 24-h ambulatory systolic BP decreased with − 2.2 (95% CI − 3.9, − 0.6; p  = 0.01) mmHg/year. Conclusions In patients with hypertension and symptomatic AF, stand-alone RDN reduced BP but did not significantly reduce AF burden up until 3 years of follow-up. Graphical abstract 
Background Polygenic scores (PGSs) combining genetic variants found to be associated with creatinine-based estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR_crea) have been applied in various study populations with different age ranges. This has shown that PGS explain less eGFR_crea variance in the elderly. Our aim was to understand how differences in eGFR variance and the percentage explained by PGS varies between population of general adults and elderly. Results We derived a PGS for cystatin-based eGFR (eGFR_cys) from published genome-wide association studies. We used the 634 variants known for eGFR_crea and the 204 variants identified for eGFR_cys to calculate the PGS in two comparable studies capturing a general adult and an elderly population, KORA S4 ( n  = 2,900; age 24–69 years) and AugUR ( n  = 2,272, age ≥ 70 years). To identify potential factors determining age-dependent differences on the PGS-explained variance, we evaluated the PGS variance, the eGFR variance, and the beta estimates of PGS association on eGFR. Specifically, we compared frequencies of eGFR-lowering alleles between general adult and elderly individuals and analyzed the influence of comorbidities and medication intake. The PGS for eGFR_crea explained almost twice as much (R^2 = 9.6%) of age-/sex adjusted eGFR variance in the general adults compared to the elderly (4.6%). This difference was less pronounced for the PGS for eGFR_cys (4.7% or 3.6%, respectively). The beta-estimate of the PGS on eGFR_crea was higher in the general adults compared to the elderly, but similar for the PGS on eGFR_cys. The eGFR variance in the elderly was reduced by accounting for comorbidities and medication intake, but this did not explain the difference in R^2-values . Allele frequencies between general adult and elderly individuals showed no significant differences except for one variant near APOE (rs429358). We found no enrichment of eGFR-protective alleles in the elderly compared to general adults. Conclusions We concluded that the difference in explained variance by PGS was due to the higher age- and sex-adjusted eGFR variance in the elderly and, for eGFR_crea, also by a lower PGS association beta-estimate. Our results provide little evidence for survival or selection bias.
Background In contrast to guidelines related to lipid therapy in other areas, 2012 Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) guidelines recommend conducting a lipid profile upon diagnosis of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and treating all patients older than 50 years without defining a target for lipid levels. We evaluated multinational practice patterns for lipid management in patients with advanced CKD under nephrology care. Methods We analyzed lipid-lowering therapy (LLT), LDL- cholesterol (LDL-C) levels, and nephrologist-specified LDL-C goal upper limits in adult patients with eGFR < 60 ml/min from nephrology clinics in Brazil, France, Germany, and the United States (2014–2019). Models were adjusted for CKD stage, country, cardiovascular risk indicators, sex, and age. Results LLT treatment differed significantly by country, from 51% in Germany to 61% in the US and France ( p  = 0.002) for statin monotherapy. For ezetimibe with or without statins, the prevalence was 0.3% in Brazil to 9% in France (< 0.001). Compared with patients not taking lipid-lowering therapy, LDL-C was lower among treated patients ( p  < 0.0001) and differed significantly by country ( p  < 0.0001). At the patient level, the LDL-C levels and statin prescription did not vary significantly by CKD stage ( p  = 0.09 LDL-C and p  = 0.24 statin use). Between 7—23% of untreated patients in each country had LDL-C ≥ 160 mg/dL. Only 7–17% of nephrologists believed that LDL-C should be < 70 mg/dL. Conclusion There is substantial variation in practice patterns regarding LLT across countries but not across CKD stages. Treated patients appear to benefit from LDL-C lowering, yet a significant proportion of hyperlipidemia patients under nephrologist care are not receiving treatment.
Sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors have received widespread attention because of their significant protective effects on the kidney. Previous studies have shown that Sirt1, as which is an antiaging protein, is closely related to the maintenance of redox homeostasis. The goal of this study was to determine whether empagliflozin could ameliorate d -galactose-induced renal senescence in mice, and examine the possible mechanisms of Sirt1. We constructed a rapid ageing model in mice by administering d -galactose. An ageing model was constructed by treating cells with high glucose. Treadmill and Y-maze tests were used to assess exercise tolerance and learning memory ability. Pathologically stained sections were used to assess kidney injury. Tissue and cell senescence were evaluated by senescence-associated β-galactosidase staining. The expression levels of P16, SOD1, SOD2 and Sirt1 were detected by immunoblotting.  d -gal-treated mice exhibited significant age-related changes, as measured by behavioural tests and ageing marker protein levels. empagliflozin alleviated these ageing manifestations. In addition, Sirt1, SOD1 and SOD2 levels were downregulated in model mice and upregulated by empagliflozin treatment. Empagliflozin had similar protective effects at the cellular level, and these effects were reduced by the Sirt1 inhibitor. Empagliflozin has an antiaging effect, which may be related to reducing Sirt1-mediated oxidative stress.
Background Regional citrate anticoagulation (RCA) is the preferred modality of anticoagulation used in continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT) in adults and less extensively in children. Potential metabolic complications limit widespread use in infants, neonates, and in children with liver failure. Methods We report our experience with a simplified protocol in 50 critically ill children, infants, and neonates, some of them with liver failure, with commercially available solutions containing phosphorous and higher concentration of potassium and magnesium. Results RCA allowed attainment of a mean filter lifetime of 54.5 ± 18.2 h, 42.5% of circuits lasted more than 70 h, and scheduled change was the most frequent cause of CKRT interruption. Patient Ca^++ and circuit Ca^++ were maintained in the target range with mean values of 1.15 ± 0.13 mmol/l and 0.38 ± 0.07 mmol/l, respectively. No session had to be stopped because of metabolic complications. The most frequent complications were hyponatremia, hypomagnesemia, and metabolic acidosis mostly related to primary disease and critical illness. No session had to be stopped because of citrate accumulation (CA). Transitory CA occurred in 6 patients and was managed without requiring RCA interruption. No patients with liver failure presented CA episodes. Conclusions In our experience, RCA with commercially available solutions was easily applied and managed in critically ill children, even in patients with low weight or with liver failure. Solutions containing phosphate and higher concentrations of magnesium and potassium allowed reduction of metabolic derangement during CKRT. Prolonged filter life was ensured with no detrimental effects on patients and reduced staff workload. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose To compare procedure-related variables, safety, renal function, and oncologic outcomes in patients undergoing percutaneous cryoablation (CA) of renal tumors with MRI- or CT-guidance. Materials and Methods Patient, tumour, procedure, and follow-up data were collected and analysed. MRI and CT groups were matched using a coarsened exact approach according to patient's gender and age, tumour grade, size and location. P  < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results Two-hundred fifty-three patients (266 tumors) were retrospectively selected. Following the coarsened exact matching 46 patients (46 tumors) in the MRI group and 42 patients (42 tumors) in the CT group were matched. There were no significant baseline differences between the two populations except for the duration of follow-up ( P  = 0.002) and renal function ( P  = 0.002). On average MRI-guided CA lasted 21 min longer than CT-guided ones ( P  = 0.005). Following CA, complication rates (6.5% for MRI vs 14.3% for CT; P  = 0.30) and GFR decline (mean − 13.1 ± 15.8%; range − 64.5–15.0 for MRI; mean − 8.1 ± 14.8%; range − 52.5–20.4; for CT; P  = 0.13) were similar in both groups. The 5-year local progression-free, cancer-specific and overall survivals in the MRI and CT groups were 94.0% (95% CI 86.3%–100.0%) and 90.8% (95% CI 81.3%–100.0%; P  = 0.55), 100.0% (95% CI 100.0%–100.0%) and 100.0% (95% CI 100.0%–100.0%; P  = 1), and 83.7% (95% CI 64.0%–100.0%) and 76.2% (95% CI 62.0%–93.6%; P  = 0.41), respectively. Conclusions Apart from increased procedural times associated with MRI-guided CA of renal tumors compared to CT-guidance, both modalities demonstrate similar safety, GFR decline and oncologic outcomes.
Background Unhelpful illness perceptions can be changed by means of interventions and can lead to improved outcomes. However, little is known about illness perceptions in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) prior to kidney failure, and no tools exist in nephrology care to identify and support patients with unhelpful illness perceptions. Therefore, this study aims to: (1) identify meaningful and modifiable illness perceptions in patients with CKD prior to kidney failure; and (2) explore needs and requirements for identifying and supporting patients with unhelpful illness perceptions in nephrology care from patients’ and healthcare professionals’ perspectives. Methods Individual semi-structured interviews were conducted with purposive heterogeneous samples of Dutch patients with CKD ( n  = 17) and professionals ( n  = 10). Transcripts were analysed using a hybrid inductive and deductive approach: identified themes from the thematic analysis were hereafter organized according to Common-Sense Model of Self-Regulation principles. Results Illness perceptions considered most meaningful are related to the seriousness (illness identity, consequences, emotional response and illness concern) and manageability (illness coherence, personal control and treatment control) of CKD. Over time, patients developed more unhelpful seriousness-related illness perceptions and more helpful manageability-related illness perceptions, caused by: CKD diagnosis, disease progression, healthcare support and approaching kidney replacement therapy. Implementing tools to identify and discuss patients’ illness perceptions was considered important, after which support for patients with unhelpful illness perceptions should be offered. Special attention should be paid towards structurally embedding psychosocial educational support for patients and caregivers to deal with CKD-related symptoms, consequences, emotions and concerns about the future. Conclusions Several meaningful and modifiable illness perceptions do not change for the better by means of nephrology care. This underlines the need to identify and openly discuss illness perceptions and to support patients with unhelpful illness perceptions. Future studies should investigate whether implementing illness perception-based tools will indeed improve outcomes in CKD.
We investigated prevalence of and factors associated with acute kidney injury (AKI) in a group of patients hospitalized with viral bronchiolitis. We retrospectively enrolled 139 children (mean age = 3.2 ± 2.1 months; males = 58.9%) hospitalized for viral bronchiolitis in a non-pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) setting. The Kidney Disease/Improving Global Outcomes creatinine criterion was used to diagnose AKI. We estimated basal serum creatinine by back-calculating it by Hoste (age) equation assuming that basal eGFR were the median age-based eGFR normative values. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were used to explore associations with AKI. Out of 139 patients, AKI was found in 15 (10.8%). AKI was found in 13 out of 74 (17.6%) patients with and in 2 out of 65 (3.1%) without respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) infection ( p  = 0.006). No patient required renal replacement therapies, while 1 out of 15 (6.7%) developed AKI stage 3, 1 (6.7%) developed AKI stage 2, and 13 (86.6%) developed AKI stage 1. Among the 15 patients with AKI, 13 (86.6%) reached the maximum AKI stage at admission, 1 (6.7%) at 48 h, and 1 (6.7%) at 96 h. At multivariate analysis, birth weight < 10th percentile (odds ratio, OR = 34.1; 95% confidence interval, CI = 3.6–329.4; p  = 0.002), preterm birth (OR = 20.3; 95% CI = 3.1–129.5; p  = 0.002), RSV infection (OR = 27.0; 95% CI = 2.6–279.9; p  = 0.006), and hematocrit levels > 2 standard deviation score (SDS) (OR = 22.4; 95% CI = 2.8–183.6; p  = 0.001) were significantly associated with AKI. Conclusion : About 11% of patients hospitalized with viral bronchiolitis in a non-PICU setting develop an AKI (frequently mild in degree). Preterm birth, birth weight < 10th percentile, hematocrit levels > 2SDS, and RSV infection are significantly associated with AKI in the setting of viral bronchiolitis. What is Known: • Viral bronchiolitis affects children in the first months of life and in 7.5% of cases it can be complicated by acute kidney injury (AKI). •  No studies investigated associations with AKI in infants hospitalized for viral bronchiolitis . What is New: • About 11% of patients hospitalized with viral bronchiolitis can develop an AKI (frequently mild in degree). • Preterm birth, birth weight <10th percentile, hematocrit levels > 2 standard deviation score, and respiratory syncytial virus infection are associated with AKI development in infants with viral bronchiolitis.
Background Incidence of acute kidney injury (AKI) is known to peak in winter months. This is likely influenced by seasonality of commonly associated acute illnesses. We set out to assess seasonal mortality trends for patients who develop AKI across the English National Health Service (NHS) and to better understand associations with patient ‘case-mix’. Methods The study cohort included all hospitalised adult patients in England who triggered a biochemical AKI alert in 2017. We modelled the impact of season on 30-day mortality using multivariable logistic regression; adjusting for age, sex, ethnicity, index of multiple deprivation (IMD), primary diagnosis, comorbidity (RCCI), elective/emergency admission, peak AKI stage and community/hospital acquired AKI. Seasonal odds ratios for AKI mortality were then calculated and compared across individual NHS hospital trusts. Results The crude 30-day mortality for hospitalised AKI patients was 33% higher in winter compared to summer. Case-mix adjustment for a wide range of clinical and demographic factors did not fully explain excess winter mortality. The adjusted odds ratio of patients dying in winter vs. summer was 1.25 (1.22–1.29), this was higher than for Autumn and Spring vs. Summer, 1.09 (1.06–1.12) and 1.07 (1.04–1.11) respectively and varied across different NHS trusts (9 out of 90 centres outliers). Conclusion We have demonstrated an excess winter mortality risk for hospitalised patients with AKI across the English NHS, which could not be fully explained by seasonal variation in patient case-mix. Whilst the explanation for worse winter outcomes is not clear, unaccounted differences including ‘winter-pressures’ merit further investigation.
Background Children with lupus have a higher chance of nephritis and worse kidney outcome than adult patients. Methods We retrospectively analyzed clinical presentation, treatment and 24-month kidney outcome in a cohort of 382 patients (≤ 18 years old) with lupus nephritis (LN) class ≥ III diagnosed and treated in the last 10 years in 23 international centers. Results The mean age at onset was 11 years 9 months and 72.8% were females. Fifty-seven percent and 34% achieved complete and partial remission at 24-month follow-up, respectively. Patients with LN class III achieved complete remission more often than those with classes IV or V (mixed and pure). Only 89 of 351 patients maintained stable complete kidney remission from the 6^th to 24^th months of follow-up. eGFR ≥ 90 ml/min/1.73 m^2 at diagnosis and biopsy class III were predictive of stable kidney remission. The youngest and the oldest age quartiles (2y—9y, 5m) (14y, 2m—18y,2m) showed lower rates of stable remission (17% and 20.7%, respectively) compared to the two other age groups (29.9% and 33.7%), while there was no difference in gender. No difference in achieving stable remission was found between children who received mycophenolate or cyclophosphamide as induction treatment. Conclusion Our data show that the rate of complete remission in patients with LN is still not high enough. Severe kidney involvement at diagnosis was the most important risk factor for not achieving stable remission while different induction treatments did not impact outcome. Randomized treatment trials involving children and adolescents with LN are needed to improve outcome for these children. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Purpose Hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) is accompanied with an increased risk of acute kidney injury (AKI). Whether AKI is induced by chemotoxicity or hyperthermia-related changes in renal perfusion remains controversial. The influence of HIPEC on renal perfusion has not been evaluated in patients yet. Methods Renal blood perfusion was assessed in ten patients treated with HIPEC by intraoperative renal Doppler pulse-wave ultrasound. Ultrasound (US) examinations were performed pre-, intra-, and postoperative with analyses of time-velocity curves. Patient demographics, surgical details, and data regarding renal function were recorded perioperatively. For evaluation of renal Doppler US to predict AKI, patients were divided in two groups with (AKI +) and without (AKI −) kidney injury. Results Throughout HIPEC perfusion, neither significant nor consistent changes in renal perfusion could be observed. Postoperative AKI occurred in 6 of 10 participating patients. Intraoperative renal resistive index (RRI) values > 0.8 were observed in one patient developing stage 3 AKI according KDIGO criteria. At 30 min in perfusion, RRI values were significantly higher in AKI + patients. Conclusion AKI is a common and frequent complication after HIPEC, but underlying pathophysiology remains elusive. High intraoperative RRI values may indicate an increased risk of postoperative AKI. Present data challenges the relevance of hyperthermia-derived hypothesis of renal hypoperfusion with prerenal injury during HIPEC. More attention should be drawn towards chemotoxic-induced hypothesis of HIPEC-induced AKI and caution applying regimens containing nephrotoxic agents in patients. Further confirmatory and complementary studies on renal perfusion as well as pharmacokinetic HIPEC studies are required.
Background In onco-nephrology, data on acute kidney injury (AKI) among children with haematological malignancies are scarce. Methods A retrospective cohort study of all patients in Hong Kong diagnosed with haematological malignancies from 2019 to 2021 before 18 years of age, was conducted to investigate the epidemiology, risk factors and clinical outcomes of AKI during the first year of treatment. AKI was defined according to the Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria. Results We included 130 children with haematological malignancy at median age of 9.4 years (IQR, 3.9–14.1). Of these patients, 55.4% were acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), 26.9% were lymphoma and 17.7% were acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Thirty-five patients (26.9%) developed 41 AKI episodes during the first year of diagnosis, corresponding to 32 episodes per 100-patient-year. A total of 56.1% and 29.2% of the AKI episodes occurred during induction and consolidation chemotherapy respectively. Septic shock ( n  = 12, 29.2%) was the leading cause of AKI; 21 episodes (51.2%) were stage 3 AKI; 12 episodes (29.3%) were stage 2 AKI; and 6 patients required continuous kidney replacement therapies. Tumor lysis syndrome and impaired baseline kidney function were significantly associated with AKI on multivariate analysis ( P  = 0.01). History of AKI was associated with chemotherapy postponement (37.1% vs. 16.8%, P  = 0.01), worse 12-month patient survival (77.1% vs. 94.7%, log rank P  = 0.002) and lower disease remission rate at 12-month (68.6% vs. 88.4%, P  = 0.007), compared to patients without AKI. Conclusion AKI is a common complication during treatment of haematological malignancies which is associated with worse treatment outcomes. A regular and dedicated surveillance program for at-risk patients should be studied in children with haematological malignancies for prevention and early detection of AKI. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Aim To investigate the relationship between frailty and sarcopenia using the recently modified criteria in older kidney transplant recipients. Findings In older kidney transplant recipients, frailty and sarcopenia were highly prevalent and frequently co-exist. Furthermore, the Kihon Checklist was verified a useful tool for frailty screening in older kidney transplant recipients. Message This study suggests increased awareness of frailty and sarcopenia in older kidney transplant recipients. Purpose The aging of the kidney transplant population is accelerating, and measures against geriatric syndromes including frailty and sarcopenia, which elevate the risk of needing long-term care and even death, are being considered important. Recently, both the frailty and sarcopenia criteria for Asians were revised based on various research reports and clinical experiences. The purpose of this study is twofold: firstly, to investigate the prevalence of frailty based on the revised Japanese version of the Cardiovascular Health Study (J-CHS) criteria and the Kihon Checklist (KCL) and that of sarcopenia based on the Asian Working Group for Sarcopenia (AWGS) 2019 as well as the relationship between frailty and sarcopenia, and secondly, to determine the concurrent validity of the KCL with the revised J-CHScriteria in older kidney transplant recipients. Methods This study was a single-center cross-sectional investigation carried out on older kidney transplant recipients who visited our hospital from August 2017 to February 2019. The diagnosis of frailty was assessed using the revised J-CHS criteria and the KCL. The diagnosis of sarcopenia was made by low skeletal muscle mass and either low physical performance or low muscle strength based on the AWGS 2019. To examine the relationship between frailty and sarcopenia, categorical variables were compared using chi-squared test and continuous variables Mann–Whitney U test. Spearman’s correlation analysis was used to investigate the correlation between the KCL score and the revised J-CHS score. The concurrent validity of the KCL for estimating frailty based on the revised J-CHS criteria was evaluated using the receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve analysis. Results A total of 100 older kidney transplant recipients were enrolled in this study. The median age was 67, 63 (63%) were males, and the median time after transplant was 95 months. The prevalence of frailty based on the revised J-CHS criteria and the KCL, and sarcopenia based on the AWGS 2019 was 15%, and 19%, and 16% respectively. Sarcopenia was significantly associated with frailty based on the KCL (p = 0.016), while not with frailty based on the revised J-CHS criteria (p = 0.11). The KCL score significantly correlated with the revised J-CHS score (p < 0.001). The area under the ROC curve was 0.91. Conclusion Frailty and sarcopenia are interrelated complex geriatric syndromes that are risk factors for adverse health outcomes. In older kidney transplant recipients, frailty and sarcopenia were highly prevalent and frequently co-existed. Furthermore, the KCL was verified as a useful tool for frailty screening in these patient. Easy identification of patients with frailty, which is reversible, can help clinicians institute appropriate corrective measures for kidney transplant recipients to improve transplant outcomes.
Background Renal oligohydramnios (ROH) describes an abnormally low volume of amniotic fluid (AF) during pregnancy. ROH is mostly caused by congenital fetal kidney anomalies. The ROH diagnosis frequently implies an increased risk of peri- and postnatal fetal mortality and morbidity. The present study aimed to evaluate the impact of ROH on pre-and postnatal development in children with congenital kidney anomalies. Methods This retrospective study included 168 fetuses with anomalies in the kidney and urinary tract. Based on the amount of AF measured by ultrasound, patients were divided into three groups: normal amniotic fluid (NAF), amniotic fluid in the lower normal range (LAF), and ROH. These groups were compared with respect to prenatal sonographic parameters, perinatal outcomes, and postnatal outcomes. Results Among the 168 patients with congenital kidney anomalies, 26 (15%) had ROH, 132 (79%) had NAF, and 10 (6%) had LAF. Of the 26 families affected by ROH, 14 (54%) decided to terminate pregnancy. Of 10 live-born children in the ROH group, 6 (60%) survived the observation time; of these, 5/6 presented with chronic kidney disease, stages I–III, at their last examination. The main differences in postnatal development between the ROH group and the NAF and LAF groups were: restricted height and weight gain, respiratory issues, complicated feeding, and the presence of extrarenal malformations. Conclusions ROH is not a mandatory indicator of severe postnatal kidney function impairment. However, children with ROH have complicated peri-and postnatal periods, due to the presence of concomitant malformations, which must be considered in prenatal care. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background To investigate the effect of body mass index (BMI) on clinical outcomes after robotic cardiac surgery, and to explore the postoperative obesity paradox. Methods The data of 146 patients who underwent robotic cardiac surgery under cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) from July 2016 to June 2022 in Daping Hospital of Army Medical University were retrospectively analyzed, and their demographic data and related clinical data were statistically analyzed. The mean age was (42.88 ± 13.01) years, 55 (37.67%) were male and 91 (62.33%) were female. Patients were divided into 3 groups according to preoperative BMI: lean group (BMI < 18.5 kg/m^2; n  = 17; 11.64%), normal group (BMI 18.5 kg/m^2 to 23.9 kg/m^2; n  = 81; 55.48%), and overweight and obese group (BMI ≥ 24 kg/m^2; n  = 48; 32.88%). Multivariate analysis was performed to compare clinical outcomes across BMI groups. Results Preoperative data in different BMI groups showed that there were statistically significant differences in age, height, weight, body surface area (BSA), diabetes, left atrial anteroposterior diameter (LAD), triglyceride (TG), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) (all P  < 0.05). Postoperative clinical outcomes showed that there was no statistical difference between the lean group and the normal group; the intensive care unit stay and postoperative hospital stay in the overweight and obese group were significantly higher than those in the normal group ( P  < 0.05), and the risk of postoperative cardiac surgery-related acute kidney injury (CSA-AKI) was significantly increased ( P  = 0.021); further Multiple Binary Logistic Regression Analysis suggested that preoperative TG ( OR  = 1.772, 95% CI 1.068–2.942, P  = 0.027) and operation time ≥ 300 min ( OR  = 3.823, 95% CI 1.098–13.308, P  = 0.035) were independent risk factors for postoperative CSA-AKI. Conclusions Overweight and obese patients had significantly prolonged intensive care unit stay and postoperative hospital stay after robotic cardiac surgery, and significantly increased incidence of postoperative CSA-AKI, which did not support the obesity paradox; preoperative TG and operation time ≥ 300 min were independent risk factors for postoperative CSA-AKI.
Background Nephropathic cystinosis is a rare lysosomal storage disorder in which accumulation of cystine and formation of crystals particularly impair kidney function and gradually lead to multi-organ dysfunction. Lifelong therapy with the aminothiol cysteamine can delay the development of kidney failure and the need for transplant. The purpose of our long-term study was to explore the effects of transitioning from immediate release (IR) to extended release (ER) formulation in Norwegian patients in routine clinical care. Methods We retrospectively analysed data on efficacy and safety in 10 paediatric and adult patients. Data were obtained from up to 6 years before and 6 years after transitioning from IR- to ER-cysteamine. Results Mean white blood cell (WBC) cystine levels remained comparable between the different treatment periods (1.19 versus 1.38 nmol hemicystine/mg protein) although most patients under ER-cysteamine underwent dose reductions. For the non-transplanted patients, the mean estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) change/year was more pronounced during ER-treatment (− 3.39 versus − 6.80 ml/min/1.73 m^2/year) possibly influenced by individual events, such as tubulointerstitial nephritis and colitis. Growth measured by Z-height score tended to develop positively. Four of seven patients reported improvement of halitosis, one reported unchanged and two reported worsened symptoms. Most adverse drug reactions (ADRs) were of mild severity. One patient developed two serious ADRs and switched back to IR-formulation. Conclusions The results from this long-term retrospective study indicate that switching from IR- to ER-cysteamine was feasible and well tolerated under routine clinical practice. ER-cysteamine allowed satisfactory disease control over the long period considered. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Acute high-dose alcohol consumption can lead to oxidative stress, which can cause harm to organs. In this study we aim to determine whether administering boric acid (BA) can protect certain organs (liver, kidney, and brain) from the damaging effects of alcohol by reducing oxidative stress. We used 50 and 100 mg/kg of BA. Thirty-two Sprague Dawley (12–14-week-old) male rats in our study were separated into four groups ( n =8); control, ethanol, ethanol+50 mg/kg BA, and ethanol+100 mg/kg BA groups. Acute ethanol was given to rats by gavage at 8 g/kg. BA doses were given by gavage 30 min before ethanol administration. Alanine transaminase (ALT) and aspartate transaminase (AST) measurements were made in blood samples. The total antioxidant status (TAS), total oxidant status (TOS), OSI (oxidative stress index) (TOS/TAS), malondialdehyde (MDA) levels and superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activities were measured to determine the oxidative stress induced by high-dose acute ethanol in the liver, kidney, and brain tissue, and the antioxidant effects of BA doses. According to our biochemical results, acute high-dose ethanol increases oxidative stress in liver, kidney, and brain tissues, while BA reduces the damage in tissues with its antioxidant effect. For the histopathological examinations, hematoxylin-eosin staining was performed. As a result, we found that the effect of alcohol-induced oxidative stress on liver, kidney, and brain tissues was different, and that giving boric acid reduces the increased oxidative stress in tissues due to its antioxidant effect. It was found that 100mg/kg BA administration had a higher antioxidant effect than in the 50mg/kg group.
Background Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is one of the most prevalent monogenic human diseases. It is mostly caused by pathogenic variants in PKD1 or PKD2 genes that encode interacting transmembrane proteins polycystin-1 (PC1) and polycystin-2 (PC2). Among many pathogenic processes described in ADPKD, those associated with cAMP signaling, inflammation, and metabolic reprogramming appear to regulate the disease manifestations. Tolvaptan, a vasopressin receptor-2 antagonist that regulates cAMP pathway, is the only FDA-approved ADPKD therapeutic. Tolvaptan reduces renal cyst growth and kidney function loss, but it is not tolerated by many patients and is associated with idiosyncratic liver toxicity. Therefore, additional therapeutic options for ADPKD treatment are needed. Methods As drug repurposing of FDA-approved drug candidates can significantly decrease the time and cost associated with traditional drug discovery, we used the computational approach signature reversion to detect inversely related drug response gene expression signatures from the Library of Integrated Network-Based Cellular Signatures (LINCS) database and identified compounds predicted to reverse disease-associated transcriptomic signatures in three publicly available Pkd2 kidney transcriptomic data sets of mouse ADPKD models. We focused on a pre-cystic model for signature reversion, as it was less impacted by confounding secondary disease mechanisms in ADPKD, and then compared the resulting candidates’ target differential expression in the two cystic mouse models. We further prioritized these drug candidates based on their known mechanism of action, FDA status, targets, and by functional enrichment analysis. Results With this in-silico approach, we prioritized 29 unique drug targets differentially expressed in Pkd2 ADPKD cystic models and 16 prioritized drug repurposing candidates that target them, including bromocriptine and mirtazapine, which can be further tested in-vitro and in-vivo. Conclusion Collectively, these results indicate drug targets and repurposing candidates that may effectively treat pre-cystic as well as cystic ADPKD. Graphical Abstract 
We aimed to evaluate the renoprotective effects of remote ischemic preconditioning (RIPC) in patients undergoing robot-assisted laparoscopic partial nephrectomy (RAPN). Data from 59 patients with solitary renal tumors who underwent RAPN with RIPC comprising three cycles of 5-min inflation to 200 mmHg of a blood pressure cuff applied to one lower limb followed by 5-min reperfusion by cuff deflation, from 2018 to 2020 were analyzed. Patients who underwent RAPN for solitary renal tumors without RIPC between 2018 and 2020 were selected as controls. The postoperative estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) at the nadir during hospitalization and the percentage change from baseline were compared using propensity score matching analysis. We performed a sensitivity analysis with imputations for missing postoperative renal function data weighted by the inverse probability of the data being observed. Of the 59 patients with RIPC and 482 patients without RIPC, 53 each were matched based on propensity scores. No significant differences in the postoperative eGFR in mL/min/1.73 m^2 at nadir (mean difference 3.8; 95% confidence interval [CI] – 2.8 to 10.4) and its percentage change from baseline (mean difference 4.7; 95% CI – 1.6 to 11.1) were observed between the two groups. Sensitivity analysis also indicated no significant differences. No complications were associated with the RIPC. In conclusion, we found no significant evidence of the protective effect of RIPC against renal dysfunction after RAPN. Further research is required to determine whether specific patient subgroups benefit from RIPC. Trial registration number : UMIN000030305 (December 8, 2017).
Background Patients with COVID-19 have a high incidence of acute kidney injury (AKI), which is associated with mortality. The objective of the study was to determine the factors associated with AKI in patients with COVID-19. Methodology A retrospective cohort was established in two university hospitals in Bogotá, Colombia. Adults hospitalized for more than 48 h from March 6, 2020, to March 31, 2021, with confirmed COVID-19 were included. The main outcome was to determine the factors associated with AKI in patients with COVID-19 and the secondary outcome was estimate the incidence of AKI during the 28 days following hospital admission. Results A total of 1584 patients were included: 60.4% were men, 738 (46.5%) developed AKI, 23.6% were classified as KDIGO 3, and 11.1% had renal replacement therapy. The risk factors for developing AKI during hospitalization were male sex (OR 2.28, 95% CI 1.73–2.99), age (OR 1.02, 95% CI 1.01–1.03), history of chronic kidney disease (CKD) (OR 3.61, 95% CI 2.03–6.42), High Blood Pressure (HBP) (OR 6.51, 95% CI 2.10–20.2), higher qSOFA score to the admission (OR 1.4, 95% CI 1.14–1.71), the use of vancomycin (OR 1.57, 95% CI 1.05–2.37), piperacillin/tazobactam (OR 1.67, 95% CI 1.2–2.31), and vasopressor support (CI 2.39, 95% CI 1.53–3.74). The gross hospital mortality for AKI was 45.5% versus 11.7% without AKI. Conclusions This cohort showed that male sex, age, history of HBP and CKD, presentation with elevated qSOFA, in-hospital use of nephrotoxic drugs and the requirement for vasopressor support were the main risk factors for developing AKI in patients hospitalized for COVID-19.
Kidney and cardiovascular diseases are some of the leading causes of death worldwide, and they affect men and women differently. Young men are generally at higher risk of developing these diseases than young women. Women also have unique risk factors for kidney and cardiovascular disease. These may include complications associated with pregnancy, such as preeclampsia, and menopause. For example, the risk of disease for women increases significantly after menopause. In addition, treatment strategies for kidney and cardiovascular diseases are often less effective in women compared to men, but the causes for this are unknown. More research is needed to understand sex differences in kidney and cardiovascular diseases, so that we can develop new drugs that are effective in women as well as men. In this study, we have examined kidney and heart damage associated with elevated blood pressure in adult male rats and adult female rats (long before the onset of menopause). We have shown that males develop significantly more scarring of their hearts and kidneys compared to females. We also identified the cells in the kidneys of male rats, but not female rats, showed signs of DNA damage and early ageing. This suggests cellular damage in young males may contribute to their more rapid progression of kidney disease compared to females. Future research examining females after menopause, when disease risk is greater, will enhance our understanding of cell damage in kidney and cardiovascular disease. Male stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats presented with albuminuria and histological indices of kidney and cardiac injury at 6.5 months of age, and these sequelae were exacerbated over a 6-week timeframe. Females exhibited a degree of protection against kidney and cardiac damage with respect to age-matched males. The cellular senescence burden was greater in kidneys compared to hearts of male animals, despite both organs displaying widespread fibrosis. The interaction between sex and cellular senescence in the development of cardiovascular and kidney diseases warrants further investigation. Background Sex differences play a critical role in the incidence and severity of cardiovascular diseases, whereby men are at a higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease compared to age-matched premenopausal women. Marked sex differences at the cellular and tissue level may contribute to susceptibility to cardiovascular disease and end-organ damage. In this study, we have performed an in-depth histological analysis of sex differences in hypertensive cardiac and renal injury in middle-aged stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSPs) to determine the interaction between age, sex and cell senescence. Methods Kidneys, hearts and urine samples were collected from 6.5- and 8-month-old (Mo) male and female SHRSPs. Urine samples were assayed for albumin and creatinine content. Kidneys and hearts were screened for a suite of cellular senescence markers (senescence-associated β-galactosidase, p16^INK4a, p21, γH2AX). Renal and cardiac fibrosis was quantified using Masson’s trichrome staining, and glomerular hypertrophy and sclerosis were quantified using Periodic acid–Schiff staining. Results Marked renal and cardiac fibrosis, concomitant with albuminuria, were evident in all SHRSPs. These sequelae were differentially affected by age, sex and organ. That is, the level of fibrosis was greater in the kidney than the heart, males had greater levels of fibrosis than females in both the heart and kidney, and even a 6-week increase in age resulted in greater levels of kidney fibrosis in males. The differences in kidney fibrosis were reflected by elevated levels of cellular senescence in the kidney in males but not females. Senescent cell burden was significantly less in cardiac tissue compared to renal tissue and was not affected by age or sex. Conclusions Our study demonstrates a clear sex pattern in age-related progression of renal and cardiac fibrosis and cellular senescence in SHRSP rats. A 6-week time frame was associated with increased indices of cardiac and renal fibrosis and cellular senescence in male SHRSPs. Female SHRSP rats were protected from renal and cardiac damage compared to age-matched males. Thus, the SHRSP is an ideal model to investigate the effects of sex and aging on organ injury over a short timeframe.
Objective The aim of the study is to investigate whether the multistage draining cannula strategy inserted via the femoral vein and with blood return to the jugular vein can improve the therapeutic efficiency in patients with vena cava drainage disorder compared to traditional hemodialysis therapy. Design This study was approved by the Review Board of the Ethics Committee of Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University (No. B2022-380), and the need for obtaining signed informed consent was waived for this retrospective analysis. Patients Two adult patients with acute vena cava reflux disorder were analyzed retrospectively in the study. Interventions To minimize recirculation, a multistage draining cannula strategy in a suitable position inserted via the femoral vein and with blood return to the jugular vein was used in patients with vena cava obstruction. Measurements and Main Results Study endpoints included vasopressors equivalent dose, ICU outcome and other clinical outcomes. The results showed that blood purification based on dual-cannula in jugular-femoral venous was able to improve the hemodynamic state, reduce the vasopressors dosage and improve the outcome for critically ill patients with acute vena cava reflux disorder. Conclusions Blood purification therapy with dual-cannula in jugular-femoral venous may be an effective and feasible strategy for patients with acute superior or inferior vena cava “obstruction”.
Hypoxia-inducible factor (HIFs) is a new class of drug developed for the management of anemia in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. HIFs increase the production of erythropoietin in the kidney and liver, enhance the absorption and utilization of iron, and stimulate the maturation and proliferation of erythroid progenitor cells. Besides, HIFs regulate many physiologic processes by orchestrating the transcription of hundreds of genes. Essential hypertension (HT) is an epidemic worldwide. HIFs play a role in many biological processes involved in the regulation of blood pressure (BP). In the current review, we summarize pre-clinical and clinical studies investigating the relationship between HIFs and BP regulation in patients with CKD, conflicting issues, and discuss future potential strategies. Graphical abstract 
Since 2015, Japanese researchers have made great progress in developing a method to differentiate human pluripotent stem cells (hPSCs) into kidney organoids. Protocols have been established to produce increasingly complex three-dimensional (3D) structures, which are used as a human kidney disease model and adapted for high-throughput screening. During this period, single-cell RNA sequencing (scRNA-seq) technology was developed to perform a comprehensive analysis at the single-cell level. We have performed a comprehensive analysis using scRNA-seq to define how kidney organoids can be applied to understand kidney development and pathology. The structure of kidney organoids is complex and contains many cell types of varying maturity. Since only a few proteins and mRNAs can be identified by immunostaining and other techniques, we performed scRNA-seq, which is an unbiased technology that can comprehensively categorize all cell types present in organoids. The aim of this study is to review the problems of kidney organoids based on scRNA-seq and the efforts to address the problems and predict future applications with this powerful technique.
Purposeof review This review examines the role of prophylactic peritoneal dialysis in pediatric patients after cardiac surgery. We identify benefits and risks of the intervention while highlighting gaps in current knowledge. Recent findings The usage of peritoneal dialysis to manage and acute kidney injury (AKI) and fluid overload (FO) after pediatric cardiac surgery may demonstrate advantages over conventional diuresis and more invasive forms of renal replacement therapies (RRT) in some patients. Outcomes vary by population in limited single and multicenter studies but suggest decreased mechanical ventilation time, earlier time to net negative fluid balance, and shorter ICU stays when compared to conventional therapies. Summary Prophylactic peritoneal dialysis use in the pediatric cardiac population varies widely across pediatric cardiac centers but is increasingly being demonstrated as a safe, effective treatment of AKI and FO, both of which are common and associated with deleterious outcomes in this population. Clinical decision support tools have been developed to assist in identifying patients most likely to benefit from RRT outside of the cardiac population, but further work is needed to determine if they can be applied to postoperative cardiac patients. Complications are relatively infrequent but may indicate benefits for center-specific peritoneal dialysis management protocols.
Background Kidney transplantation is the treatment of choice in chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 5. It is often delayed in younger children until a target weight is achieved due to technical feasibility and historic concerns about poorer outcomes. Methods Data on all first paediatric (aged < 18 years) kidney only transplants performed in the United Kingdom between 1 January 2006 and 31 December 2016 were extracted from the UK Transplant Registry (n = 1,340). Children were categorised by weight at the time of transplant into those < 15 kg and those ≥ 15 kg. Donor, recipient and transplant characteristics were compared between groups using chi-squared or Fisher’s exact test for categorical variables and Kruskal–Wallis test for continuous variables. Thirty day, one-year, five-year and ten-year patient and kidney allograft survival were compared using the Kaplan–Meier method. Results There was no difference in patient survival following kidney transplantation when comparing children < 15 kg with those ≥ 15 kg. Ten-year kidney allograft survival was significantly better for children < 15 kg than children ≥ 15 kg (85.4% vs. 73.5% respectively, p = 0.002). For children < 15 kg, a greater proportion of kidney transplants were from living donors compared with children ≥ 15 kg (68.3% vs. 49.6% respectively, p < 0.001). There was no difference in immediate graft function between the groups (p = 0.54) and delayed graft function was seen in 4.8% and 6.8% of children < 15 kg and ≥ 15 kg respectively. Conclusions Our study reports significantly better ten-year kidney allograft survival in children < 15 kg and supports consideration of earlier transplantation for children with CKD stage 5. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is one of the most alarming concerns in the management of type 1 diabetes (T1D) in pediatric age. Prevalence of DKA at the onset of diabetes ranges from 30 to 40%. In selected cases of severe DKA, admission to pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) should be considered. Methods This study aims to assess the prevalence of severe DKA treated in PICU in our 5-year monocentric experience. Secondary outcome of the study was to describe the main demographical and clinical features of individuals who required admission to PICU. All clinical data were collected by retrospectively reviewing the electronic medical records of children and adolescents with diabetes hospitalized in our University Hospital from January 2017 to December 2022. Results During the study period, 103 children and adolescents were newly diagnosed with T1D. Among these, 51.5% presented clinical criteria for DKA and almost 10% needed to be treated in PICU. A higher rate of new T1D diagnoses was observed in 2021, as well as episodes of severe DKA being more frequent than in previous years. Due to severe clinical manifestations of DKA, 10 subjects (9.7%) with T1D onset needed to be treated in PICU. Of these, four children were younger than 5. The great majority came from a low household income and some of them had also immigrant background. The most common complication of DKA was acute kidney injury presented by four children. Other complications were cerebral edema, papilledema and acute esophageal necrosis. A 15-year-old girl had deep vein thrombosis (DVT) that evolved into multiple organ failure leading to death. Conclusions Our findings demonstrated that severe DKA is still quite common in children and adolescents at T1D onset, especially in some areas such as Southern Italy. Public awareness campaigns should be increasingly promoted to facilitate the recognition of early symptoms of diabetes and to reduce morbidity and mortality related to DKA.
Introduction To decrease complication rate, we developed a novel MG needle for kidney puncture consisting of a pointed cannula, an atraumatic mandrin-bulb and a spring mechanism pushing the mandrin-bulb forward. Aim of the study To assess efficacy and safety of kidney puncture during percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) using a novel less-traumatic MG needle within a clinical trial. Materials and methods We conducted a prospective randomized single-center study. In the experimental group, kidney puncture was performed with a novel MG needle while in the control group, standard Trocar or Chiba puncture needles were used. Primary endpoint: hemoglobin drop. Results A total of 67 patients were enrolled. Patients who underwent standard puncture ( n  = 33) had higher hemoglobin drop in the early postoperative period ( p  = 0.024). Although there was no statistical difference in overall complication rate between the two groups ( p  = 0.351), two severe Clavien-Dindo IIIa complications with urinoma occurred in patients from the control group. Conclusion Less-traumatic needle for kidney puncture may reduce hemoglobin drop and prevent the development of severe complications. At the same time, in terms of stone-free rate (SFR), the efficacy of PCNL remains the same regardless of the needle used for renal access.
Background To compare the efficacy and safety of standard percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) with mini- PCNL for kidney stones 2–4 cm. Methods Eighty patients were enrolled in a comparative study, they were randomly divided into mini-PCNL group (n = 40) and standard-PCNL (n = 40). Demographic characteristics, perioperative events, complications, stone free rate (SFR) were reported. Results Both groups showed no significant difference in clinical data about age, stone location, back pressure changes, and body mass index. The mean operative time was (95 ± 17.9 min) in mini-PCNL, and (72.1 ± 14.9 min). Stone free rate were 80% and 85% in mini-PCNL and standard-PCNL respectively. Intra-operative complications, post-operative need for analgesia, hospital stay were significantly higher in standard-PCNL compared to mini-PCNL (85% vs. 80%). The study followed CONSORT 2010 guidelines for reporting parallel group randomization. Conclusion Mini-PCNL is an effective and safe treatment of kidney stones 2–4 cm, it has the advantage over standard-PCNL being has less intra-operative events, less post-operative analgesia, shorter hospital stay, while operative time and stone free rate are comparable when considering multiplicity, hardness, and site of stones.
Background The mortality of dialysis patients greatly exceeds that of the general population and identifying predictive factors for mortality may provide opportunities for earlier intervention. This study assessed the influence of sarcopenia on mortality in patients on haemodialysis. Methods This prospective, observational study enrolled 77 haemodialysis patients aged 60 years and over, of whom 33 (43%) were female, from two community dialysis centres. Baseline demographic and laboratory data were collected, and sarcopenia was diagnosed using grip strength, muscle mass by bioimpedance analysis (BIA) and muscle function by timed up-and-go according to European Working Group on Sarcopenia in Older People criteria. Nutritional status was assessed using a subjective nutritional assessment score, comprising functional changes in weight, appetite, gastrointestinal symptoms and energy.. A comorbidity score (maximum 7 points) was derived from the presence or absence of hypertension, ischaemic heart disease, vascular disease (cerebrovascular disease, peripheral vascular disease, and abdominal aortic aneurysm), diabetes mellitus, respiratory disease, a history of malignancy and psychiatric disease. Outcomes over six years were linked to the Australian and New Zealand Dialysis and Transplant Registry. Results The median participant age was 71 years (range 60–87). Probable and confirmed sarcopenia was present in 55.9% and severe sarcopenia with reduced functional testing in 11.7%. Over 6 years, overall mortality was 50 of the 77 patients (65%), principally from cardiovascular events, dialysis withdrawal and infection. There were no significant survival differences between patients with no, probable, confirmed, or severe sarcopenia, or between tertiles of the nutritional assessment score. After adjustment for age, dialysis vintage, mean arterial pressure (MAP) and the total comorbidity score, no sarcopenia category predicted mortality. However, the total comorbidity score [Hazard Ratio (HR) 1.27, Confidence Intervals (CI) 1.02, 1.58, p = 0.03] and MAP (HR 0.96, CI 0.94, 0.99, P = < 0.01) predicted mortality. Conclusion Sarcopenia is highly prevalent in elderly haemodialysis patients but is not an independent predictor of mortality. Haemodialysis patients have multiple competing risks for mortality which, in this study, was predicted by a lower MAP and a higher total comorbidity score. Trial registration Recruitment commenced December 2011. The study was registered 10.01.2012 with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12612000048886).
Background Urolithiasis with high prevalence and recurrence rate, has impacts on kidney injury in patients, becomes a socioeconomic and healthcare problem in worldwide. However, the biology of kidney with crystal formation and proximal tubular injury remains essentially unclear. The present study aims to evaluate the cell biology and immune-communications in urolithiasis mediated kidney injury, to provide new insights in the kidney stone treatment and prevention. Results We identified 3 distinct injured-proximal tubular cell types based on the differentially expression injury markers (Havcr1 and lcn2) and functional solute carriers (slc34a3, slc22a8, slc38a3 and slc7a13), and characterized 4 main immune cell types in kidney and one undefined cell population, where F13a1^+/high/CD163^+/high monocyte & macrophage and Sirpa/Fcgr1a/Fcgr2a^+/high granulocyte were the most enriched. We performed intercellular crosstalk analysis based on the snRNA-seq data and explored the potential immunomodulation of calculi stone formation, and founded that the interaction between ligand Gas6 and its receptors (Gas6-Axl, Gas6-Mertk) was specifically observed in the injured-PT1 cells, but not injured-PT2 and -PT3 cells. The interaction of Ptn-Plxnb2 was only observed between the injured-PT3 cells and its receptor enriched cells. Conclusions Present study comprehensively characterized the gene expression profile in the calculi rat kidney at single nucleus level, identified novel marker genes for all cell types of rat kidney, and determined 3 distinct sub-population of injured-PT clusters, as well as intercellular communication between injured-PTs and immune cells. Our collection of data provides a reliable resource and reference for studies on renal cell biology and kidney disease.
Karyomegalic interstitial nephritis (KIN) is a rare cause of chronic interstitial nephritis characterized by enlarged renal tubular epithelial nuclei. The first case of KIN reported in a kidney graft was in 2019. Here, we report the first case of KIN in 2 brothers receiving kidneys from 2 different unrelated living donors. A male kidney transplant recipient with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis as the original kidney disease presented with graft impairment and proteinuria, and graft biopsy revealed KIN. This patient had a brother who was also a kidney transplant recipient and had one episode of graft impairment and was diagnosed with KIN as well.
Background Mounting evidence indicates that the gut microbiome (GMB) plays an essential role in kidney stone (KS) formation. In this study, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare the composition of gut microbiota in kidney stone patients and healthy individuals, and further understand the role of gut microbiota in nephrolithiasis. Results Six databases were searched to find taxonomy-based comparison studies on the GMB until September 2022. Meta-analyses were performed using RevMan 5.3 to estimate the overall relative abundance of gut microbiota in KS patients and healthy subjects. Eight studies were included with 356 nephrolithiasis patients and 347 healthy subjects. The meta-analysis suggested that KS patients had a higher abundance of Bacteroides (35.11% vs 21.25%, Z = 3.56, P  = 0.0004) and Escherichia_Shigella (4.39% vs 1.78%, Z = 3.23, P  = 0.001), and a lower abundance of Prevotella_9 (8.41% vs 10.65%, Z = 4.49, P  < 0.00001). Qualitative analysis revealed that beta-diversity was different between the two groups ( P  < 0.05); Ten taxa ( Bacteroides , Phascolarctobacterium , Faecalibacterium , Flavobacterium , Akkermansia, Lactobacillus, Escherichia coli, Rhodobacter and Gordonia ) helped the detection of kidney stones ( P  < 0.05); Genes or protein families of the GMB involved in oxalate degradation, glycan synthesis, and energy metabolism were altered in patients ( P  < 0.05). Conclusions There is a characteristic gut microbiota dysbiosis in kidney stone patients. Individualized therapies like microbial supplementation, probiotic or synbiotic preparations and adjusted diet patterns based on individual gut microbial characteristics of patients may be more effective in preventing stone formation and recurrence.
Purpose Surgical skill assessment is essential for safe operations. In endoscopic kidney stone surgery, surgeons must perform a highly skill-dependent mental mapping from the pre-operative scan to the intraoperative endoscope image. Poor mental mapping can lead to incomplete exploration of the kidney and high reoperation rates. Yet there are few objective ways to evaluate competency. We propose to use unobtrusive eye-gaze measurements in the task space to evaluate skill and provide feedback. Methods We capture the surgeons’ eye gaze on the surgical monitor with the Microsoft Hololens 2. To enable stable and accurate gaze detection, we develop a calibration algorithm to refine the eye tracking of the Hololens. In addition, we use a QR code to locate the eye gaze on the surgical monitor. We then run a user study with three expert and three novice surgeons. Each surgeon is tasked to locate three needles representing kidney stones in three different kidney phantoms. Results We find that experts have more focused gaze patterns. They complete the task faster, have smaller total gaze area, and the gaze fewer times outside the area of interest. While fixation to non-fixation ratio did not show significant difference in our findings, tracking the ratio over time shows different patterns between novices and experts. Conclusion We show that a non-negligible difference holds between novice and expert surgeons’ gaze metrics in kidney stone identification in phantoms. Expert surgeons demonstrate more targeted gaze throughout a trial, indicating their higher level of proficiency. To improve the skill acquisition process for novice surgeons, we suggest providing sub-task specific feedback. This approach presents an objective and non-invasive method to assess surgical competence.
Background Tacrolimus is the backbone drug in kidney transplantation. Single nucleotide polymorphism of Multidrug resistant 1 gene can affect tacrolimus metabolism consequently it can affect tacrolimus trough level and incidence of acute rejection. The aim of this study is to investigate the impact of Multidrug resistant 1 gene, C3435T and G2677T Single nucleotide polymorphisms on tacrolimus pharmacokinetics and on the risk of acute rejection in pediatric kidney transplant recipients. Methods Typing of Multidrug resistant 1 gene, C3435T and G2677T gene polymorphism was done using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) for 83 pediatric kidney transplant recipients and 80 matched healthy controls. Results In Multidrug resistant 1 gene (C3435T), CC, CT genotypes and C allele were significantly associated with risk of acute rejection when compared to none acute rejection group (P = 0.008, 0.001 and 0.01 respectively). The required tacrolimus doses to achieve trough level were significantly higher among CC than CT than TT genotypes through the 1st 6 months after kidney transplantation. While, in Multidrug resistant 1 gene (G2677T), GT, TT genotypes and T allele were associated with acute rejection when compared to none acute rejection (P = 0.023, 0.033 and 0.028 respectively). The required tacrolimus doses to achieve trough level were significantly higher among TT than GT than GG genotypes through the 1st 6 months after kidney transplantation. Conclusion The C allele, CC and CT genotypes of Multidrug resistant 1 gene (C3435T) and the T allele, GT and TT genotypes of Multidrug resistant 1 gene (G2677T) gene polymorphism may be risk factors for acute rejection and this can be attributed to their effect on tacrolimus pharmacokinetics. Tacrolimus therapy may be tailored according to the recipient genotype for better outcome.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) frequently co-exist. We assess the impact of having NAFLD on adverse clinical outcomes and all-cause mortality for people with CKD. Methods A total of 18,073 UK Biobank participants identified to have CKD (eGFR < 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2 or albuminuria > 3 mg/mmol) were prospectively followed up by electronic linkage to hospital and death records. Cox-regression estimated the hazard ratios (HR) associated with having NAFLD (elevated hepatic steatosis index or ICD-code) and NAFLD fibrosis (elevated fibrosis-4 (FIB-4) score or NAFLD fibrosis score (NFS)) on cardiovascular events (CVE), progression to end-stage renal disease (ESRD) and all-cause mortality. Results 56.2% of individuals with CKD had NAFLD at baseline, and 3.0% and 7.7% had NAFLD fibrosis according to a FIB-4 > 2.67 and NFS ≥ 0.676, respectively. The median follow-up was 13 years. In univariate analysis, NAFLD was associated with an increased risk of CVE (HR 1.49 [1.38–1.60]), all-cause mortality (HR 1.22 [1.14–1.31]) and ESRD (HR 1.26 [1.02–1.54]). Following multivariable adjustment, NAFLD remained an independent risk factor for CVE overall (HR 1.20 [1.11–1.30], p  < 0.0001), but not ACM or ESRD. In univariate analysis, elevated NFS and FIB-4 scores were associated with increased risk of CVE (HR 2.42 [2.09–2.80] and 1.64 [1.30–2.08]) and all-cause mortality (HR 2.82 [2.48–3.21] and 1.82 [1.47–2.24]); the NFS score was also associated with ESRD (HR 5.15 [3.52–7.52]). Following full adjustment, the NFS remained associated with an increased incidence of CVE (HR 1.19 [1.01–1.40]) and all-cause mortality (HR 1.31 [1.13–1.52]). Conclusions In people with CKD, NAFLD is associated with an increased risk of CVE, and the NAFLD fibrosis score is associated with an elevated risk of CVE and worse survival.
Background Sacubitril/valsartan, a new pharmacological class of angiotensin receptor neprilysin inhibitor, is beneficial to heart failure through blocking the degradation of natriuretic peptides and inhibiting renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system (RAAS) activation which also relate to the pathophysiologic mechanisms of chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, its effects on CKD remain unclear. To assess the efficacy and safety of sacubitril/valsartan for patients with CKD, we performed this meta-analysis. Methods The Embase, PubMed and the Cochrane Library were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared sacubitril/valsartan with ACEI/ARBs in patients with CKD whose estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was below 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2. We adopted the Cochrane Collaboration tool for assessing the risk of bias. The effect size was estimated using the odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI). Results Six trials with a total of 6217 patients with CKD were included. In terms of cardiovascular events, sacubitril/valsartan attenuated the risk of cardiovascular death or heart failure hospitalization (OR: 0.68, 95% CI 0.61–0.76, P  < 0.00001, I ^2 = 43%). With respect to renal function, sacubitril/valsartan prevented the incidence of serum creatinine (Scr) elevation among patients with CKD (OR: 0.79, 95% CI 0.67–0.95, P  = 0.01, I ^2 = 0%). Subgroup analysis about eGFR demonstrated that with long follow-up, sacubitril/valsartan significantly decreased the number of patients with more than 50% reduction in eGFR compared with ACEI/ARBs (OR: 0.52, 95% CI 0.32–0.84, P  = 0.008, I ^2 = 9%). In patients with CKD, the incidence of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) was reduced with sacubitril/valsartan treatment, despite no statistically significant difference between the two groups (OR: 0.59, 95% CI 0.29–1.20, P  = 0.14, I ^2 = 0%). As for the safety, we found that sacubitril/valsartan was associated with the occurrence of hypotension (OR: 1.71, 95% CI 1.15–2.56, P  = 0.008, I ^2 = 51%). However, there was no trend towards increasing the risk of hyperkalemia in patients who received sacubitril/valsartan (OR: 1.09, 95% CI 0.75–1.60, P  = 0.64, I ^2 = 64%). Conclusion This meta-analysis indicated that sacubitril/valsartan improved renal function and conferred effective cardiovascular benefits in patients with CKD, without serious safety issues being observed. Thus, sacubitril/valsartan may be a promising option for patients with CKD. Certainly, further large-scale randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm these conclusions. Systematic review registration [ https://inplasy.com/inplasy-2022-4-0045/ ], identifier [INPLASY202240045].
Background Lifestyle interventions in patients with type-2 diabetes contribute to reducing the incidence of chronic kidney disease. The cost-effectiveness of lifestyle interventions to prevent kidney disease in patients with type-2 diabetes remains undetermined. We aimed to develop a Markov model from a Japanese healthcare payer’s perspective focusing on the development of kidney disease in patients with type-2 diabetes and examine the cost-effectiveness of lifestyle interventions. Methods To develop the model, the parameters, including lifestyle intervention effect, were derived from results of the Look AHEAD trial and previously published literature. Incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICER) were calculated from the difference in cost and quality-adjusted life years (QALY) between lifestyle intervention and diabetes support education groups. We estimated lifetime costs and effectiveness assuming patient’s life span to be 100 years. Costs and effectiveness were discounted by 2% annually. Results ICER for lifestyle intervention compared to diabetes support education was JPY 1,510,838 (USD 13,031) per QALY. Cost-effectiveness acceptability curve showed that the probability that lifestyle intervention is cost-effective at the threshold of JPY 5,000,000 (USD 43,084) per QALY gained, compared to diabetes support education, is 93.6%. Conclusions Using a newly-developed Markov model, we illustrated that lifestyle interventions for preventing kidney disease in patients with diabetes would be more cost-effective from a Japanese healthcare payer’s perspective compared to diabetes support education. The model parameters in the Markov model must be updated to adapt to the Japanese setting.
Background Adolescents with certain health conditions requiring lifestyle management, such as diabetes mellitus, have higher disordered eating behavior (DEB) risk than the general adolescent population, but DEB is underdiagnosed and can lead to adverse health consequences. In youth with other conditions requiring lifestyle counseling such as hypertension (HTN), DEB prevalence and associated risk factors are unknown. We hypothesized that youth with HTN disorders would have higher DEB prevalence than the general adolescent population, and that obesity, chronic kidney disease (CKD), and less specialized lifestyle counseling would be associated with higher DEB risk. Methods Prospective cross-sectional study of youth aged 11–18 years with HTN disorders. We excluded patients with diabetes mellitus, kidney failure or transplantation, or gastrostomy tube dependence. We collected data via surveys and electronic health record abstraction. We administered the validated SCOFF DEB screening questionnaire. We compared DEB prevalence using a one-sample z -test of proportions (p_0 = 0.1) and estimated DEB risk by obesity, CKD, and lifestyle counseling source using multivariable generalized linear models. Results Of 74 participants, 59% identified as male, 22% as Black or African American, and 36% as Hispanic or Latino; 58% had obesity and 26% had CKD. DEB prevalence was 28% (95% CI 18–39%, p  < 0.001). CKD was associated with higher DEB prevalence (adjusted RR 2.17, 95% CL 1.09 to 4.32), but obesity and lifestyle counseling source were not. Conclusions DEB prevalence is higher in youth with HTN disorders and comparable to other conditions requiring lifestyle counseling. Youth with HTN disorders may benefit from DEB screening. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background There is a close relationship between blood pressure levels and the risk of cardiovascular events, strokes, and kidney disease. For many years, the gold standard instrument for blood pressure measurement was a mercury sphygmomanometer and a stethoscope, but this century-old technique of Riva-Rocci/Korotkov is being progressively removed from clinical practice. Central blood pressure is considered better than peripheral blood pressure in predicting cardiovascular events, as it assesses wave reflections and viscoelastic properties of the arterial wall which make systolic and pulse pressures vary from central to peripheral arteries, but mean blood pressure is constant in the conduit arteries. Methods The study included 201 patients with primary hypertension (108 patients with chronic kidney disease and 93 patients without kidney disease). All patients underwent blood pressure measurement by OMRON M2 and Mobil-O-Graph devices, kidney function assessment and abdominal ultrasonography. Results Patients with chronic kidney disease were significantly older (60.02 ± 9.1 vs. 55.33 ± 8.5; P < 0.001), with longer duration of hypertension (7.56 ± 5.9 vs. 6.05 ± 5.8; P = 0.020) in comparison to those without chronic kidney disease. Automated peripheral measurement of systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure and pulse pressure were significantly higher in comparison to central blood pressure. Patients with chronic kidney disease had significantly higher augmentation index (24.06 ± 12.6 vs. 19.02 ± 10.8; P < 0.001) and pulsed wave velocity (8.66 ± 1.5 vs. 8.69 ± 6.8; P = 0.004) in comparison to those without chronic kidney disease. Augmentation index had positive correlation with pulse wave velocity (r = 0.183, P = 0.005). There was negative correlation between both pulse wave velocity and augmentation index and estimated glomerular filtration rate (r = -0.318, P < 0.001), and (r = -0.236, P < 0.001), respectively. Hence, arterial stiffness parameters are good positive test for prediction of chronic kidney disease. Conclusion There is a strong agreement between non-invasive centrally and automated peripherally measured blood pressure in diagnosis of hypertension. But non-invasive central measurements are preferred over automated measurements for early prediction and detection of renal impairment.
Introduction The relationship between sleep duration and chronic kidney disease (CKD) has received relatively little attention in the Kurdish community. Considering the ethnic diversity of Iran and the importance of the Kurdish community, the present study investigated the association between sleep parameters and CKD among a large sample of Iranian-Kurds. Methods This cross-sectional study was conducted among 9,766 participants ( M _age: 47.33, SD  = 8.27, 51% female) from the Ravansar Non Communicable Disease (RaNCD) cohort study database. Logistic regression analyses were applied to examine the association between sleep parameters and CKD. Results Results showed that prevalence of CKD was detected in 1,058 (10.83%) individuals. Time to fall asleep ( p  = 0.012) and dozing off during the day ( p  = 0.041) were significantly higher in the non-CKD group compared to the CKD group. Daytime napping and dozing off during the day in females with CKD were significantly more than males with CKD. A long sleep duration (> 8 h/day) was associated with 28% (95% CI: 1.05, 1.57) higher odds of CKD compared to normal sleep duration (7 h/d), after adjusting for confounding factors. Participants who experienced leg restlessness had a 32% higher probability of developing CKD than those who did not experience leg restlessness (95% CI: 1.03, 1.69). Conclusion Results suggest that sleep duration and leg restlessness may be associated with an increased likelihood of CKD. Consequently, regulating sleep parameters may play a role in improving sleep and preventing CKD.
Background Acute kidney injury is a devastating postoperative complication. Renal replacement therapy is a treatment modality for acute kidney injury. Continuous renal replacement therapy is the treatment of choice for patients with hemodynamic instability. The main question in the management of acute kidney injury is when to initiate the renal replacement therapy. Several studies have demonstrated improvement in patients with septic acute kidney injury, following early continuous renal replacement therapy. To date, no guidelines have been established on the perfect timing to initiate continuous renal replacement therapy. In this case report, we did an early continuous renal replacement therapy as an extracorporeal therapy for blood purification and renal support. Case presentation Our patient was a 46-year-old male of Malay ethnicity, undergoing total pancreatectomy due to a duodenal tumor. The preoperative assessment showed that the patient was high risk. Intraoperatively, massive surgical bleeding was sustained due to extensive tumor resection; thus, massive blood product transfusion was necessary. After the surgery, the patient suffered from postoperative acute kidney injury. We performed early continuous renal replacement therapy, within 24 hours after the diagnosis of acute kidney injury. Upon completion of continuous renal replacement therapy, the patient’s condition improved, and he was discharged from the intensive care unit on the sixth postoperative day. Conclusion The timing for the initiation of renal replacement therapy remains controversial. It is clear that the “conventional criteria” for initiating renal replacement therapy need correction. We found that early continuous renal replacement therapy initiated in less than 24 hour after the postoperative acute kidney injury diagnosis gave our patient survival benefit.
Introduction/objectives Acute kidney injury (AKI) with the requirement of kidney replacement therapy (KRT) portends a poor prognosis for kidney function in lupus nephritis (LN). This study evaluated the kidney function recovery rates, the rates of reinitiation of KRT, and factors associated with these outcomes in LN. Method All consecutive patients hospitalized for LN with KRT requirement between 2000 and 2020 were included. Their clinical and histopathologic characteristics were retrospectively registered. The outcomes and associated factors were evaluated by multivariable Cox regression analysis. Results Among 140 patients, 75 (54%) recovered kidney function, with recovery rates of 50.9% and 54.2% by 6 and 12 months of therapy. The factors associated with a lower probability of recovery included a previous history of LN flares, worse eGFR and higher proteinuria at presentation, immunosuppression with azathioprine, and hospitalizations within 6 months of therapy initiation. There was no difference in the kidney function recovery rates between mycophenolate and cyclophosphamide treatment schemes. Out of 75 patients who recovered kidney function, 37 (49%) reinitiated KRT, with KRT reinitiation rates of 27.2% and 46.5% by 3 and 5 years. Seventy-three (52%) patients had at least one hospitalization within 6 months of initial therapy, 52 (72%) of them secondary to infectious events. Conclusions Approximately 50% of patients with LN and KRT requirement recover kidney function within 6 months. The risk-to-benefit ratio decisions may be aided by clinical and histological factors. These patients require close follow-up as ≈50% of those who recover kidney function will reinitiate dialysis in the long term. Key Points • Approximately 50% of patients with severe acute lupus nephritis with the need for kidney replacement therapy requirement recover their kidney function. • The factors associated with a lower probability of recovery of kidney function include a previous history of LN flares, worse eGFR and higher proteinuria at presentation, immunosuppression with azathioprine, and hospitalizations within 6 months of therapy initiation. • Patients who recover kidney function will require close follow-up as around 50% of them will eventually reinitiate kidney replacement therapy.
Background Simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation (SPK) is still characterized by high rates of postoperative complications. This study aims to offer an in-depth characterization of early, medium-term, and late complications following SPK to derive insights for postoperative management and follow-up. Methods Consecutive SPK transplantations were analysed. Pancreatic graft (P-graft)- and kidney graft (K-graft)-related complications were analysed separately. The global postoperative course was assessed in three timeframes (early, medium-term, and late) using the comprehensive complication index (CCI). Predictors of complications and early graft loss were explored. Results Complications occurred in 61.2% of patients, and the 90-day mortality was 3.9%. The overall burden of complications was significantly high during admission (CCI 22.4 ± 21.1) and decreased gradually afterwards. P-graft-related complications burdened the most in the early postoperative course (CCI 11.6 ± 13.8); postoperative ileus and perigraft fluid collection were the most frequent complications, and pseudoaneurysms, haemorrhages, and bowel leaks were the major concerns. K-related complications were milder but represented the largest proportion of the CCI in the late postoperative timeframe (CCI 7.6 ± 13.6). No predictors of P-graft- or K-graft-related complications were found. Conclusion Pancreas graft-related complications represent the largest part of the clinical burden in the early postoperative timeframe but are negligible after 3 months. Kidney grafts have a relevant impact in the long term. The multidisciplinary approach to SPK recipients should be driven based on all graft-specific complications and tailored on a time-dependent basis.
While acute kidney injury (AKI) has been reported after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HCT) in children, the incidence of this condition in the pediatric population has not been fully addressed. To assess the incidence of pediatric AKI after HCT treatment,we conducted a systematic literature review. Databases PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and WOS were searched as of June 2022 to identify studies on the incidence and the risk of death in AKI children undergoing HCT. Random effects and generic inverse variance methods were used, and effect estimates were subsequently derived from individual studies. Twelve cohort studies with 2 159 HCT cases were included in this analysis. The combined estimated incidence of AKI and severe AKI (stage AKI III) was 51% (95% confidence interval (CI) 39–64%) and 12% (95%CI 4–24%), respectively. The estimated incidence of AKI based on RIFLE (pRIFLE), AKIN, and KDIGO criteria was 61% (95%CI 40–82% score I 95.1%), 64% (95%CI 49–79% score I 90.4%), and 51% (95%CI 2–100% score 99.0%), respectively. However, we found no significant correlation between the years of publication of the included studies and the incidence of AKI.   Conclusions : AKI affects approximately half of the children after HCT. With the advancements in medical techniques, it is expected that AKI in this population will decrease gradually. What is Known: • Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is recognized as a treatment for malignant and non-malignant diseases in children. • Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation causes acute kidney injury in children. What is New: • This metanalysis showed that the overall frequency of post-HCT AKI in children is 51%. • The frequency of severe AKI after HCT was found to be 12%.
Background Perioperative acute kidney injury (AKI) has been one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality for surgical patients. Pheochromocytoma is a rare, catecholamine-secreting neuroendocrine neoplasm characterized by typical long-term hypertension that needs surgical resection. Our objective was to determine whether intraoperative mean arterial pressures (MAPs) less than 65 mmHg are associated with postoperative AKI after elective adrenalectomy in patients with pheochromocytoma. Methods We performed a retrospective review of patients undergoing adrenalectomy for pheochromocytoma between 1991 and 2019 at Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Beijing, China. Two intraoperative phases, before and after tumor resection, were recognized based on distinctly different hemodynamic characteristics. The authors evaluated the association between AKI and each blood pressure exposure in these two phases. The association between the time spent under different absolute and relative MAP thresholds and AKI was then evaluated adjusting for potential confounding variables. Results We enrolled 560 cases with 48 patients who developed AKI postoperatively. The baseline and intraoperative characteristics were similar in both groups. Though time-weighted average MAP was not associated with postoperative AKI during the whole operation (OR 1.38; 95% CI, 0.95–2.00; P  = 0.087) and before tumor resection phase (OR 0.83; 95% CI, 0.65–1.05; P  = 0.12), both time-weighted MAP and time-weighted percentage changes from baseline were strongly associated with postoperative AKI after tumor resection, with OR 3.50, 95% CI (2.25, 5.46) and 2.03, 95% CI (1.56, 2.66) in the univariable logistic analysis respectively, and with OR 2.36, 95% CI (1.46, 3.80) and 1.63, 95% CI (1.23, 2.17) after adjusting sex, surgical type (open vs. laparoscopic) and estimated blood loss in the multiple logistic analysis. At any thresholds of MAP less than 85, 80, 75, 70, and 65 mmHg, prolonged exposure was associated with increased odds of AKI. Conclusions We found a significant association between hypotension and postoperative AKI in patients with pheochromocytoma undergoing adrenalectomy in the period after tumor resection. Optimizing hemodynamics, especially blood pressure after the adrenal vessel ligation and tumor is resected, is crucial for the prevention of postoperative AKI in patient with pheochromocytoma, which could be different from general populations.
The current understanding of the interplay between blood selenium, cadmium and lead levels, and chronic kidney disease (CKD) is limited. Our objective was to investigate whether elevated blood selenium levels can mitigate the nephrotoxic effects of lead and cadmium. The exposure variables examined in this study include blood selenium, cadmium, and lead levels measured by ICP-MS. The outcome of interest was CKD, defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) below 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2. In total, 10630 participants (mean (SD) age:48.9 ± 18.4; 48.3% male) were included in this analysis. The median (IQR) of blood selenium, cadmium, and lead levels was 191 (177–207) μg/L, 0.300 (0.180–0.540) μg/L, and 0.940 (0.570–1.510) μg/dL, respectively. We observed a significant positive association between cadmium and lead levels and CKD (OR; 1.86; 95%CI: 1.31- 2.64; OR:2.23; 95%CI:1.54–3.24). However, selenium had a negative association with CKD (OR:0.096; 95%CI:0.020–0.457). Based on a reference group with a selenium concentration of ≤ 191 μg/L and cadmium level of > 0.300 μg/L, a significant protective factor in the CKD was seen in subjects with high plasma selenium and lower cadmium concentrations (OR:0.685; 95%CI:0.515–0.912). Then selenium concentration of ≤ 191 μg/L and lead level of > 0.940 μg/dL were set as a reference group, and the OR for CKD decreased among the other group (OR:0.564; 95%CI;0.417- 0.762). The subgroup analysis indicated that there were no effect modifiers. Blood selenium has the potential to mitigate the nephrotoxic effects of lead and cadmium in the general population of the United States.
Aims Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is the one of the leading causes of end-stage kidney disease. Unraveling novel biomarker signatures capable to identify patients with DKD is favorable for tackle the burden. Here, we investigated the possible association between urinary metabolites and the presence of DKD in type 2 diabetes (T2D), and further, whether the associated metabolites improve discrimination of DKD and mediate the effect of inflammation on kidney involvement was evaluated. Methods Two independent cohorts comprising 192 individuals (92 DKD) were analyzed. Urinary metabolites were analyzed by targeted metabolome profiling  and inflammatory cytokine IL-18 were measured by ELISA. Differentially expressed metabolites were selected and mediation analysis was carried out. Results Seven potential metabolite biomarkers (i.e., S-Adenosyl-L-homocysteine, propionic acid, oxoadipic acid, leucine, isovaleric acid, isobutyric acid, and indole-3-carboxylic acid) were identified using the discovery and validation design. In the pooled analysis, propionic acid, oxoadipic acid, leucine, isovaleric acid, isobutyric acid, and indole-3-carboxylic acid were markedly and independently associated with DKD. The composite index of 7 potential metabolite biomarkers (CMI) mediated 32.99% of the significant association between the inflammatory IL-18 and DKD. Adding the metabolite biomarkers improved the discrimination of DKD. Conclusions In T2D, several associated urinary metabolites were identified to improve the prediction of DKD. Whether interventions aimed at reducing CMI also reduce the risk of DKD especially in patients with high IL-18 needs further investigations.
Background Patients with severe acute kidney injury (AKI) who require continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration (CVVHDF) in intensive care unit (ICU) are at high mortality risk. Little is known about clinical biomarkers for risk prediction, optimal initiation, and optimal discontinuation of CVVHDF. Methods This prospective observational study was conducted in seven university-affiliated ICUs. For urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) and plasma IL-6 measurements, samples were collected at initiation, 24 h, 48 h after, and CVVHDF discontinuation in adult patients with severe AKI. The outcomes were deaths during CVVHDF and CVVHDF dependence. Results A total number of 133 patients were included. Twenty-eight patients died without CVVHDF discontinuation (CVVHDF nonsurvivors). Urinary NGAL and plasma IL-6 at the CVVHDF initiation were significantly higher in CVVHDF nonsurvivors than in survivors. Among 105 CVVHDF survivors, 70 patients were free from renal replacement therapy (RRT) or death in the next 7 days after discontinuation (success group), whereas 35 patients died or needed RRT again (failure group). Urinary NGAL at CVVHDF discontinuation was significantly lower in the success group (93.8 ng/ml vs. 999 ng/ml, p  < 0.01), whereas no significant difference was observed in plasma IL-6 between the groups. Temporal elevations of urinary NGAL levels during the first 48 h since CVVHDF initiation were observed in CVVHDF nonsurvivors and those who failed in CVVHDF discontinuation. Conclusions Urinary NGAL at CVVHDF initiation and discontinuation was associated with mortality and RRT dependence, respectively. The serial changes of urinary NGAL might also help predict the prognosis of patients with AKI on CVVHDF. Graphical Abstract 
Fluid overload secondary to loss of functional nephron mass can elevate blood pressure, which is characteristic of hypertension shown in chronic kidney disease (CKD). Therefore, it is logical to use diuretics at appropriate dose to lower blood pressure in patients with CKD and hypertension. Despite the theoretical background on the use of diuretics in CKD, there have been no definitive data on the effectiveness or safety of diuretics as first-line therapy for the management of hypertension in patients with CKD. Results from some clinical trials have demonstrated that diuretics would not lower blood pressure. They could even worsen electrolyte imbalance and kidney function when they are administered in patients with CKD. Major clinical practice guidelines on management of blood pressure or CKD have stated that evidence for benefits of thiazide diuretics is not conclusive yet in patients with advanced CKD, although loop diuretics are often effective for volume control at lower glomerular filtration rate. Recently, evidence for diuretics as effective blood pressure lowering agents in patients with advanced CKD is increasing. Renoprotective effect of thiazide or loop diuretics might represent a consequence of their influence on blood pressure or their ability to potentiate the effect of renin-angiotensin system blockade by making intraglomerular pressure more renin-angiotensin system-dependent, although their direct benefit on renal function remains controversial. This review summarizes recent data on the possible role of diuretics in lowering blood pressure, slowing the progression of kidney disease, and reducing cardiovascular risk in CKD patients.
Aims To investigate the associations of anthropometric indices, including body mass index (BMI), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), waist-to-height ratio (WHtR), waist circumference (WC) and hip circumference (HC), with diabetic retinopathy (DR) and diabetic kidney disease (DKD) in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Materials and methods This cross-sectional study evaluated 5226 Chinese participants with T2DM at three hospitals between 2005 and 2016. Logistic regression models and restricted cubic spline analysis were used to assess the associations of anthropometric indices with DR and DKD. Results A BMI of around 25 kg/m^2 was related to a low risk of DR (OR based on the third fifth: 0.752, 95%CI: 0.615–0.920). Besides, HC had an inverse association with DR in men independently of BMI (OR based on the highest fifth: 0.495, 95%CI: 0.350–0.697). In the restricted cubic spline models, BMI, WHtR, WC, and HC showed J-shaped associations with DKD, while WHR showed an S-shaped association with DKD. Compared to the lowest fifth, the odds ratios (OR) based on the highest fifth of BMI, WHR, WHtR, WC and HC for DKD were 1.927 (1.572–2.366), 1.566 (1.277–1.923), 1.910 (1.554–2.351), 1.624 (1.312–2.012) and 1.585 (1.300–1.937) respectively in multivariable models. Conclusions A median BMI and a large hip might be related to a low risk of DR, while lower levels of all the anthropometric indices were associated with a lower risk of DKD. Our findings suggested maintain a median BMI, a low WHR, a low WHtR and a large hip for prevention of DR and DKD.
Objective This study aimed to explore the association between the triglyceride glucose index (TyG) and the risk of in-hospital and one-year mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and cardiovascular disease (CAD) admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). Methods The data for the study were taken from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care-IV database which contained over 50,000 ICU admissions from 2008 to 2019. The Boruta algorithm was used for feature selection. The study used univariable and multivariable logistic regression analysis, Cox regression analysis, and 3-knotted multivariate restricted cubic spline regression to evaluate the association between the TyG index and mortality risk. Results After applying inclusion and exclusion criteria, 639 CKD patients with CAD were included in the study with a median TyG index of 9.1 [8.6,9.5]. The TyG index was nonlinearly associated with in-hospital and one-year mortality risk in populations within the specified range. Conclusion This study shows that TyG is a predictor of one-year mortality and in-hospital mortality in ICU patients with CAD and CKD and inform the development of new interventions to improve outcomes. In the high-risk group, TyG might be a valuable tool for risk categorization and management. Further research is required to confirm these results and identify the mechanisms behind the link between TyG and mortality in CAD and CKD patients.
Aims Acute kidney injury (AKI) is highly prevalent during hospitalization of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). We aimed to assess the impact of AKI and its severity and duration on the risk of hypoglycaemia in hospitalized patients with T2D. Methods Retrospective cohort analysis of patients with T2D, admitted at a University Hospital in 2018–2019. AKI was defined as an increase in serum creatinine by ≥ 0.3 mg/dl (48 h) or ≥ 1.5 times baseline (7 days), and hypoglycaemia as blood glucose concentration < 70 mg/dl. Patients with chronic kidney disease stage ≥ 4 were excluded. We registered 239 hospitalizations with AKI and randomly selected 239 without AKI (control). Multiple logistic regression was used to adjust for confounding factors and ROC curve analysis to determine a cutoff for AKI duration. Results The risk of hypoglycaemia was higher in the AKI group (crude OR 3.6, 95%CI 1.8–9.6), even after adjusting for covariates (OR 4.2, 95%CI 1.8–9.6). Each day of AKI duration was associated with a 14% increase in the risk of hypoglycaemia (95%CI 1.1–1.2), and a cutoff of 5.5 days of AKI duration was obtained for increased risk of hypoglycaemia and mortality. AKI severity was also associated with mortality, but showed no significant association with hypoglycaemia. Patients with hypoglycaemia had 4.4 times greater risk of mortality (95%CI 2.4–8.2). Conclusions AKI increased the risk of hypoglycaemia during hospitalization of patients with T2D, and its duration was the main risk factor. These results highlight the need for specific protocols to avoid hypoglycaemia and its burden in patients with AKI.
Children and adolescents in rural areas with chronic kidney disease (CKD) face unique challenges related to accessing pediatric nephrology care. Challenges to obtaining care begin with living increased distances from pediatric health care centers. Recent trends of increasing centralization of pediatric care mean fewer locations have pediatric nephrology, inpatient, and intensive care services. In addition, access to care for rural populations expands beyond distance and encompasses domains of approachability, acceptability, availability and accommodation, affordability, and appropriateness. Furthermore, the current literature identifies additional barriers to care for rural patients that include limited resources, including finances, education, and community/neighborhood social resources. Rural pediatric kidney failure patients have barriers to kidney replacement therapy options that may be even more limited for rural pediatric kidney failure patients when compared to rural adults with kidney failure. This educational review identifies possible strategies to improve health systems for rural CKD patients and their families: (1) increasing rural patient and hospital/clinic representation and focus in research, (2) understanding and mediating gaps in the geographic distribution of the pediatric nephrology workforce, (3) introducing regionalization models for delivering pediatric nephrology care to geographic areas, and (4) employing telehealth to expand the geographic reach of services and reduce family time and travel burden.
Wilms tumor (WT) represents over 90% of all pediatric kidney tumors. Children with WT often present acutely with hypertension which resolves in the short term after nephrectomy. However, WT survivors have increased long-term risk of hypertension, primarily due to decreased nephron mass after nephrectomy, with additional insults from possible exposure to abdominal radiation and nephrotoxic therapies. The diagnosis of hypertension may be improved by ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM), as several recent single-center studies have shown a substantial proportion of WT survivors with masked hypertension. Current gaps in knowledge include determining which WT patients may benefit from routine screening with ABPM, correlation of casual and ABPM parameters with cardiac abnormalities, and longitudinal assessment of cardiovascular and kidney parameters in relation to appropriate treatment of hypertension. This review aims to summarize the most recent literature on hypertension presentation and management at the time of WT diagnosis as well as the long-term hypertension risk and impact on kidney and cardiovascular outcomes in WT survivors.
Background This study’s objective was to investigate the incidence of acute kidney injury (AKI) in children with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) and multisystem inflammatory syndrome (MIS-C) and to report our clinical experience. Methods Acute COVID-19 and MIS-C-diagnosed patients observed in two pediatric intensive care units (PICUs) between 2019 and 2021 were examined for AKI and retrospectively compared to children with AKI. Results The study comprised 163 children, of whom 98 (60.1%) were diagnosed with acute COVID-19 and 65 (39.9%) with MIS-C. AKI was observed in 40 (40.8%) of the acute COVID-19 patients and 18 (27.7%) of the MIS-C patients. Low calcium level and hypotension were linked with AKI at initial presentation (OR: 0.56, 95% CI: 0.369–0.560, p = 0.006 and OR: 3.64, 95% CI: 1.885–7.152, p = 0.001, respectively). A history of nephrotoxic medication usage played an essential role in the development of AKI in patients who acquired AKI after hospitalization ( p = 0.001, odds ratio: 9.32, confidence interval: 3.106–27.973). In clinical practice, individuals with respiratory distress and cough had a high chance of having AKI (OR: 4.47, 95% confidence interval: 2.25–8,892 and OR: 3.48, 95% confidence interval: 1.76–6.88). AKI patients had a greater demand for respiratory assistance and a longer period of stay in the PICU. Conclusions AKI in the COVID-19 and MIS-C patient groups is related with increased mortality and extended hospitalization, according to the findings. These statistics imply that identifying and preventing risk factors is necessary. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Data on the impact of donor-to-recipient laterality on kidney transplantation are lacking. This study evaluated the impact of donor-to-iliac fossa laterality and the site of venous anastomosis on operating time and surgical outcome. This retrospective single-center study analyzed 1262 deceased donor adult kidney transplants into pristine iliac fossa. Multivariable linear and logistic regression analyses were used to identify variables with an impact on operating time and surgical complications. Operating time was shorter by 11 min in median for transplantations into the right iliac fossa compared to the left iliac fossa ( p  < 0.001). Operating time in left-to-right donor-to-recipient combination was shorter by 17 min in median if venous anastomoses were performed on the caval vein or common iliac vein as compared to anastomoses to the external iliac vein ( p  < 0.001). Overall, the shortest operating times (median 112.5 min) were achieved in left-to-right donor-to-recipient combinations with venous anastomosis to the caval or common iliac vein, without an increase in surgical complications. Kidney transplantation into the right iliac fossa with anastomosis to the caval vein or the common iliac vein saves operating time and reduces thrombotic complications. Acceptance of a left donor kidney is likely to further reduce operating time.
Studies on heavy metal induced toxicity have been conducted in many water bodies across the globe and such effects have been evaluated in various fish species. The present study was designed to determine the load of some heavy metals in select sites in Southern Assam, India, along with estimating their concentration in tissues of Channa punctatus Bloch. inhabiting those niches. The effect of heavy metals in oxystress generation, genotoxicity and subsequent immune response in fish was also evaluated. In all of these sites, the concentration of Hg, Cd, Pb and Cr were above the permissible ranges while their concentrations were several folds higher in the piscine tissues due to bioaccumulation and possible biomagnification. Kidney showed the highest metal pollution index followed by liver and gills. Generation of ROS was significantly elevated and that in turn triggered oxystress, as is evident from enhanced lipid peroxidation, protein carbonylation and respiratory burst activity. These were in association with the compromised antioxidant enzyme levels with concomitant damage to DNA as evident from Comet parameters. The innate immune potential was significantly impaired as evident from the compromised cell adhesion, phagocytosis, intracellular killing activity in head kidney macrophages (HKM) along with decreased release of nitric oxide (NO) and myeloperoxidase (MPO). Immunosuppression was further validated at protein levels where compromised release of cytokines viz. TNF-α, IL-1β, IL-6, IL-10 and IL-12 and cell signaling molecules iNOS and NF-κβ were noted. Thus the present study indicates genotoxicity along with a compromise in immune status of Channa punctatus Bloch. living in a habitat laden with heavy metals. Heavy metal concentrations in select water bodies above the WHO, EPA, IS limits. Accumulation of heavy metals in fish tissues are above the FAO set range. MPI is maximum in the kidney followed by liver and gill of Channa punctatus. Metal induced oxidative stress, genotoxicity and compromised innate immune potential. Heavy metal induced decreased cytokine release and immunocompromised state.
Chronic kidney disease–associated pruritus (CKD-aP) or uremic pruritus (UP) is a frequent symptom in patients with kidney failure receiving kidney replacement therapy. Severe chronic kidney disease–associated pruritus correlates with poor outcome in patients on dialysis. It is multifactorial in etiology and has a significant impact on quality of life. There is, however, limited data for children. This review summarizes current epidemiology, clinical characteristics, pruritus scoring systems, and available therapeutic options for pruritus in patients with chronic kidney disease and those receiving dialysis. Optimal care requires proper awareness of the severity of symptoms, the impact on quality of life, and the possible long-term outcomes. Optimizing dialysis prescription and correcting electrolyte abnormalities are important treatment targets. A wide range of therapeutic options is also available although none are well-studied in children. An earlier recognition of this debilitating symptom in children and treatment is imperative. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Uremic pruritus has an impact on the quality of life and sleep of hemodialysis patients, but the majority of cases go unreported and untreated unless severe, due to a lack of awareness. The purpose of this study is to determine the prevalence, associated factors, and impact on health-related quality of life (HR-QOL) and sleep in hemodialysis patients. Methodology A single-center observational study of 3 months wherein 120 adults on maintenance hemodialysis were included. Baseline characteristics, dialysis-related factors, and lab parameters influencing uremic pruritus were recorded. Those with uremic pruritus completed “12-item pruritus severity scale (12-PSS)”, “SKINDEX10”, and “Itch-MOS” questionnaires to evaluate severity, impact on HR-QOL, and sleep respectively. Results Sixty seven over one hundred twenty (55.83%) patients had pruritus and majority were mild (40.83%) as per 12-PSS. Those with pruritus (n=67) had a mean age of 56.5±11.3 years, most were males (82%), chronic glomerulonephritis (29.1%) was the commonest cause of end-stage kidney disease, 3 active smokers, and 4 seropositive. 65(97%) patients were on twice-weekly dialysis, 36/67 had <5 years’ dialysis vintage and acceptable adequacy. There was no significant association between uremic pruritus and dialysis-related/laboratory parameters. Patients with uremic pruritus demonstrated significantly worse “HR-QOL” (p<0.001) on the “SKINDEX-10”, and patients' “Itch-MOS” scores demonstrated a significant decline in sleep quality with increasing pruritus severity (p<0.001). Conclusion The majority of patients on maintenance hemodialysis experience uremic pruritus. None of the clinical characteristics, dialysis-related factors, and laboratory parameters affected uremic pruritus. Uremic pruritus patients had the worst HR-QOL & their sleep quality significantly declined as pruritus severity escalated. Trial registration number and date of registration Study approval was obtained from Institutional Research Committee and Institutional Ethical Committee (IEC 642/2021). Clinical Trial Registry of India (CTRI) registration (CTRI/2022/01/039143) was also obtained.
Percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) has been widely applied in the treatment of isolated renal stones in recent years. However, its safety and effectiveness for patients with isolated renal stones remains controversial. In this work, “nephrolithiasis”, “stones”, "renal", “nephrolithotomy”, “percutaneous”, “PCNL”, “solitary”, “single”, and “kidney” were taken as key words to search the relevant studies of PCNL in patients with solitary kidney stones in PubMed, Web of Science, and Embase. The type of literature included was case series study, and the search period was from January 1, 1990 to October 31, 2021. Basic data, stone size, stone removal rate (SFR), complications, mean operation time, and mean length of stays were extracted. The quality of the included literature was assessed using the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) case series system, data were analysed using metan and metareg commands in Stata14.1, and sensitivity of the included literature was analysed using metaninf. Finally, 14 studies with a total of 1256 patients were included. The mean adjuvant rate of percutaneous nephrolithotomy for solitary kidney stones was 20.3% (95% CI: 11.8%, 28.9%), initial SFR was 71.8% (95% CI: 64.9%, 78.8%), and final SFR was 89.7% (95% CI: 86.0%, 93.4%). The overall complication rate was 25.5% (95% CI: 18.8%, 32.3%), the incidence of major complications was 6.3% (95% CI: 3.8%, 9.3%), the blood transfusion rate was 7.4% (95% CI: 5.3%, 9.9%), and the incidence of fever was 9.1% (95% CI: 5.3%, 13.7%). It is suggested that percutaneous nephrolithotomy has a low complication rate in the treatment of solitary kidney stones.
Studies over recent years have redeveloped our understanding of uremic cardiomyopathy, defined as left ventricular hypertrophy, congestive heart failure, and associated cardiac hypertrophy plus other abnormalities that result from chronic kidney disease and are often the cause of death in affected patients. Definitions of uremic cardiomyopathy have conflicted and overlapped over the decades, complicating the body of published evidence, and making comparison difficult. New and continuing research into potential risk factors, including uremic toxins, anemia, hypervolemia, oxidative stress, inflammation, and insulin resistance, indicates the increasing interest in illuminating the pathways that lead to UC and thereby identifying potential targets for intervention. Indeed, our developing understanding of the mechanisms of UC has opened new frontiers in research, promising novel approaches to diagnosis, prognosis, treatment, and management. This educational review highlights advances in the field of uremic cardiomyopathy and how they may become applicable in practice by clinicians. Pathways to optimal treatment with current modalities (with hemodialysis and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors) will be described, along with proposed steps to be taken in research to allow evidence-based integration of developing investigational therapies.
A major complication of chronic kidney disease is the derangement of mineral metabolism, leading to increased risk of fractures and cardiovascular mortality. Current therapeutic regimens are focused on reducing parathyroid hormone levels caused by secondary hyperparathyroidism, and the active vitamin D metabolite l,25(OH)_2D, with limited success. It may be a more effective approach, however, if we could target the delayed response of parathyroid hormone in the early retention of phosphate following loss of renal function. We propose intermittent administration (even in stage 2 chronic kidney disease) of parathyroid hormone, known for its bone anabolic effects compared to the catabolic effects of the continuously elevated parathyroid hormone associated with the hyperparathyroid state, to mitigate the retention of phosphate. This approach may prevent the compensatory responses of the other two major calcium- and phosphate-regulating hormones (FGF-23 and l,25(OH)_2D) that lead to further worsening of the derangement of mineral metabolism. In addition to its strong theoretical basis, there are data supporting the need for further research focused on the use of intermittent parathyroid hormone in the management of chronic kidney disease-mineral bone disorder.
Background Evaluating risk of poor outcome for Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) in early stage is necessary to make treatment strategies and decide the need for intensive care. This study is designed to verify the prognostic value of serum cystatin C in TBI patients. Methods 415 TBI patients admitted to West China hospital were included. Logistic regression was performed to explore risk factors of mortality and testify the correlation between cystatin C and mortality. Mediation analysis was conducted to test whether Acute Kidney Injury (AKI) and brain injury severity mediate the relationship between cystatin C level and mortality. Area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) was used to evaluate the prognostic value of cystatin C and the constructed model incorporating cystatin C. Results The mortality rate of 415 TBI patients was 48.9%. Non-survivors had lower GCS (5 vs 8, p  < 0.001) and higher cystatin C (0.92 vs 0.71, p  < 0.001) than survivors. After adjusting confounding effects, multivariate logistic regression indicated GCS ( p  < 0.001), glucose ( p  < 0.001), albumin ( p  = 0.009), cystatin C ( p  < 0.001) and subdural hematoma ( p  = 0.042) were independent risk factors of mortality. Mediation analysis showed both AKI and brain injury severity exerted mediating effects on relationship between cystatin C and mortality of included TBI patients. The AUC of combining GCS with cystatin C was 0.862, which was higher than that of GCS alone ( Z  = 1.7354, p  < 0.05). Conclusion Both AKI and brain injury severity are mediating variables influencing the relationship between cystatin C and mortality of TBI patients. Serum cystatin C is an effective prognostic marker for TBI patients.
Background One of the main limitations of ^99mtechnetium-dimercaptosuccinic acid (DMSA) scan is the long acquisition time. Objective To evaluate the feasibility of short DMSA scan acquisition times using a cadmium-zinc-telluride-based single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) system in children. Materials and methods The data of 27 children (median age: 4 years; 16 girls) who underwent DMSA SPECT were retrospectively analyzed. Both planar and SPECT DMSA were performed. SPECT images were analyzed using coronal-simulated planar two-dimensional images. A reduction in SPECT acquisition time was simulated to provide 4 series (SPECT-15 min, SPECT-10 min, SPECT-5 min and SPECT-2.5 min). A direct comparison of the planar and SPECT series was performed, including semi-quantification reproducibility, image quality (mean quality score on a scale of 0 to 2) and inter- and intra-observer reproducibility of the scintigraphic patterns. Results The overall image quality score (± standard deviation) was 1.3 (± 0.6) for the planar data set, 1.6 (± 0.5) for the SPECT-15 min data set, 1.4 (± 0.5) for the SPECT-10 min data set, 1.0 (± 0.5) for the SPECT-5 min data set and 0.6 (± 0.6) for the SPECT-2.5 min data set. Median Kappa coefficients for inter-observer agreement between planar and SPECT images were greater than 0.83 for all series and all readers except one reader for the SPECT-2.5 min series (median Kappa coefficient = 0.77). Conclusion Shortening SPECT acquisitions to 5 min is feasible with minimal impact on images in terms of quality and reproducibility. Graphical Abstract 
Background Homogeneous low-attenuation renal masses that are too small to characterize (tstc) are considered clinically insignificant; however, based primarily on expert opinion. Objective To determine the prevalence of malignant or possibly malignant masses among homogeneous low-attenuation renal masses that are tstc. Materials and Methods This retrospective cross-sectional study evaluated 75 patients with 104 tstc who underwent renal CT and MRI between Jan 2016 and Jul 2022. Low-attenuation renal masses measuring < 1 cm in size were identified and, independently evaluated by two blinded radiologists measuring attenuation (Hounsfield Units, HU) at non-contrast enhanced CT (NECT) and nephrographic phase contrast-enhanced (CE)-CT when possible. Reference standard for benign cyst was MRI and for other renal masses was pathology or MRI showing enhancement. Results Average tstc size was 6 ± 2 (range 2–10) mm. Considering only incidental tstc (CT performed for another reason), 100% (98/98, 95%CI 96–100%) tstc were benign. Overall, considering both incidental and tstc referred for further characterization, there were 94% (98/104; 95% Confidence Intervals [CIs] 88–98%) benign cysts and 6% (6/104; 95%CI 2–12%) other masses (1 Bosniak 2F cystic mass, 2 probable renal cell carcinoma (RCC), three metastases). Pseudoenhancement, attenuation change > 10 HU or > 20 HU, was present in 29% (15/59) and 12% (7/59) benign cysts. All six other masses enhanced by > 20 HU. CECT threshold of ≤ 30 HU correctly classified 62% of benign cysts (61/98). All six other masses measured > 30 HU at CECT. Conclusion The prevalence of malignant or possibly malignant renal masses among homogeneous low-attenuation too small to characterize masses among incidental tstc masses is near zero. Attenuation measurements misclassify a substantial proportion of these cysts, likely due to their small size.
Background In asymptomatic patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) wait-listed for kidney transplantation (KT), it is unclear whether a change in ischemic burden on serial surveillance SPECT myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) impacts outcome. Methods and results In a retrospective cohort of 700 asymptomatic KT candidates with ≥ 2 sequential SPECT-MPI studies, we defined a significant change in ischemic burden between MPIs as ΔSDS of ≥ 2 points. Patients were followed for mean 19 ± 12 months after MPI_2 for cardiac death or myocardial infarction. Between MPIs, 29 (4%) subjects received coronary revascularization which was associated with a greater incidence of reduction in ischemic burden on MPI_2 (31% vs. 17%, P  = 0.049). Among 514 patients with no ischemia on MPI_1 (SDS ≤ 1), 15% had new ischemia on MPI_2 which was associated with increased MACE (adjusted HR 1.75; CI 1.02-3.01; P  = 0.041). Among 186 patients with ischemia on MPI_1 (SDS ≥ 2), 66% had improvement of ischemic burden on MPI_2 which was associated with significantly lower MACE (adjusted HR 0.46; CI 0.25-0.82; P  = 0.009). There was no significant interaction between coronary revascularization and improvement in ischemic burden impacting outcome (interaction P  = 0.845). Conclusion Among KT candidates who underwent serial MPI for CAD surveillance, new ischemia was associated with increased MACE risk. Improvement in ischemic burden was associated with lower MACE risk irrespective of coronary revascularization status.
Background Epitope compatibility in deceased donor kidney allocation is an emerging area of precision medicine (PM), seeking to improve compatibility between donor kidneys to transplant candidates in the hope of avoiding kidney rejection. Though the potential benefits of using epitope compatibility are promising, the implied modification of deceased organ allocation criteria requires consideration of significant clinical and ethical trade-offs. As a matter of public policy, these trade-offs should consider public values and preferences. We invited members of the Canadian public to participate in a deliberation about epitope compatibility in deceased donor kidney transplantation; to identify what is important to them and to provide recommendations to policymakers. Methods An online public deliberation was conducted with members of the Canadian public, in which participants were asked to construct recommendations for policymakers regarding the introduction of epitope compatibility to kidney allocation criteria. In the present paper, a qualitative analysis was conducted to identify the values reflected in participants’ recommendations. All virtual sessions were recorded, transcribed, and analyzed using NVivo 12 software. Results Thirty-two participants constructed nine recommendations regarding the adoption of epitope compatibility into deceased donor kidney allocation. Five values were identified that drove participants’ recommendations: Health Maximization, Protection/Mitigation of Negative Impacts, Fairness, Science/Evidence-based Healthcare, and Responsibility to Maintain Trust. Conflicts between these values were discussed in terms of operational principles that were required for epitope compatibility to be implemented in an acceptable manner: the needs for Flexibility, Accountability, Transparent Communication and a Transition Plan. All nine recommendations were informed by these four principles. Participant deliberations were often dominated by the conflict between Health Maximization and Fairness or Protection/Mitigation of Negative Impacts, which was discussed as the need for Flexibility. Two additional values (Efficient Use of Resources and Logic/Rationality) were also discussed and were reasons for some participants voting against some recommendations. Conclusions Public recommendations indicate support for using epitope compatibility in deceased donor kidney allocation. A flexible approach to organ allocation decision-making may allow for the balancing of Health Maximization against maintaining Fairness and Mitigating Negative Impacts. Flexibility is particularly important in the context of epitope compatibility and other PM initiatives where evidence is still emerging.
Background Kidney tumors have become increasingly prevalent among adults and are now considered one of the most common types of tumors. Accurate segmentation of kidney tumors can help physicians assess tumor complexity and aggressiveness before surgery. However, segmenting kidney tumors manually can be difficult because of their heterogeneity. Methods This paper proposes a 2.5D MFFAU-Net (multi-level Feature Fusion Attention U-Net) to segment kidneys, tumors and cysts. First, we propose a 2.5D model for learning to combine and represent a given slice in 2D slices, thereby introducing 3D information to balance memory consumption and model complexity. Then, we propose a ResConv architecture in MFFAU-Net and use the high-level and low-level feature in the model. Finally, we use multi-level information to analyze the spatial features between slices to segment kidneys and tumors. Results The 2.5D MFFAU-Net was evaluated on KiTS19 and KiTS21 kidney datasets and demonstrated an average dice score of 0.924 and 0.875, respectively, and an average Surface dice (SD) score of 0.794 in KiTS21. Conclusion The 2.5D MFFAU-Net model can effectively segment kidney tumors, and the results are comparable to those obtained with high-performance 3D CNN models, and have the potential to serve as a point of reference in clinical practice.
Purpose Diabetes is the leading cause of kidney disease. Up to 40% of the population with diabetes experience diabetic kidney disease (DKD). The correlation of DKD with insulin resistance (IR) indices has been shown in previous studies. In this study, the objective was to evaluate surrogate IR indices, including the Triglyceride-Glucose (TyG) index, Visceral Adiposity Index (VAI), Lipid Accumulation Product (LAP), and Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) to find the most valuable index for the correlation between albuminuria and IR in the type 2 diabetes (T2D) population. Albuminuria is defined as urine albumin excretion of > 30 mg/day. Methods In this cross-sectional study, 2934 participants were enrolled and evaluated for urinary albumin excretion, and albuminuria was detected in 526 of the entries. The logistic regression models and Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve analysis were performed to assess the relationship of TyG index, VAI, LAP, and HOMA-IR's with albuminuria in patients with T2D. Results The TyG index had the highest association (OR 1.67) with the presence of albuminuria in patients with T2D, followed by HOMA-IR (OR 1.127), VAI (OR 1.028), and LAP (OR 1.004). These four indices remained independent after adjustment for multiple confounders. Based on the ROC curve, TyG revealed the best area under the curve (AUC) for revealing albuminuria with sufficient accuracy (AUC: 0.62) in comparison with other measured indices. The calculated TyG index cut-off point for the presence of albuminuria was 9.39. Conclusion Among the indices, TyG index had the most significant correlation with albuminuria in patients with T2D.
Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) often involves polycystic liver disease (PLD). In severe cases, PLD can develop various complications. However, fatal acute portal vein thrombosis (APVT) associated with PLD has not been reported. A 64-year-old male reported mild consciousness disorder. He had been under maintenance hemodialysis for end-stage renal disease due to ADPKD with PLD. Because of recurring hepatic cyst infections, he had sustained high levels of C-reactive protein. Regarding the mild consciousness disorder, a diagnosis of hepatic encephalopathy was made based on an elevation of serum ammonia without any other abnormal liver function tests. Several days after his admission, hepatobiliary enzymes elevated, and acute liver failure progressed. Enhanced abdominal computed tomography suggested the possibility of complete occlusion of the portal vein by a thrombus. Based on an absence of obvious portosystemic collaterals, a diagnosis of APVT was made. The patient died 19 days after admission. Patients with PLD with repeated cystic infections have been seen to develop liver failure, and APVT formation may be one cause of the rapid progression of fatal liver failure. In conclusion, this is the first paper to report on the involvement of APVT in patients with PLD.
Background Acute Kidney Injury (AKI) is frequently seen in hospitalized and critically ill patients. Studies have shown that AKI is a risk factor for the development of acute kidney disease (AKD), chronic kidney disease (CKD), and mortality. Methods A systematic review is performed on validated risk prediction models for developing poor renal outcomes after AKI scenarios. Medline, EMBASE, Cochrane, and Web of Science were searched for articles that developed or validated a prediction model. Moreover, studies that report prediction models for recovery after AKI also have been included. This review was registered with PROSPERO (CRD42022303197). Result We screened 25,812 potentially relevant abstracts. Among the 149 remaining articles in the first selection, eight met the inclusion criteria. All of the included models developed more than one prediction model with different variables. The models included between 3 and 28 independent variables and c-statistics ranged from 0.55 to 1. Conclusion Few validated risk prediction models targeting the development of renal insufficiency after experiencing AKI have been developed, most of which are based on simple statistical or machine learning models. While some of these models have been externally validated, none of these models are available in a way that can be used or evaluated in a clinical setting.
Objectives Cancer metastasis to the kidney is a rare event. We retrospectively analyzed clinicopathologic characteristics in 6 cases of diagnosed renal metastases from primary lung cancer. We also provide clinical follow-up data and brief review of the literature. Methods Immunohistochemistry was used to evaluate the expression of TTF-1, NapsinA, CK7, CK(AE1/AE3), P63, P40, CgA, PAX-8, GATA3 and Ki-67 in primary tumor and metastases. Additionally, the clinical characteristics, imaging features, diagnosis, and treatment were analyzed. Results With the help of immunohistochemistry and combined clinical history, we found four cases were lung adenocarcinomas, one case was lung squamous cell carcinoma, and the other case was lung small cell carcinoma metastases to the kidney.The patients were all male by gender and had a mean age of 62 years, and metastasis to the left kidney were more universal. Most of the tumors histological grade originating from the lung were poorly-moderately differentiated, and the time to metastasis to the kidney was relatively short for squamous lung cancer and small cell lung cancer, while the time to metastasis for lung adenocarcinoma was related to its degree of differentiation. Overall, we found the prognosis of lung cancer patients with renal metastases were poor especially with multi-site metastases. Conclusions Distinguishing primary and secondary tumors of the kidney is essential to guide treatment and prevent unnecessary surgery, so clinical information, radiology, histological correlation of the primary tumor, and immunohistochemical findings help the pathologist determine correct diagnosis.
Background This study compared the risks of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality between patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) with and without microvascular diseases, and between matched patients with microvascular diseases. Methods We identified newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes patients from National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan from January 1, 2008, to December 31, 2019. Propensity score matching was applied to construct matched pairs of patients with diabetic kidney disease, retinopathy, or neuropathy. Multivariable Cox proportional-hazard models were adopted to compare the risks of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Results Patients with microvascular disease had a significantly higher risk of cardiovascular morbidities and mortality than those without microvascular disease. Among the matched cohorts, patients with diabetic retinopathy had a significantly higher risk of stroke development than those with diabetic kidney disease (aHR 1.11, 95%CI 1.03–1.2). Diabetic neuropathy showed a significantly higher risk of stroke development than diabetic kidney disease (aHR 1.17, 95%CI 1.1–1.25) and diabetic retinopathy (aHR 1.12, 95%CI 1.03–1.21). Diabetic retinopathy had a significantly higher risk of incident heart failure than diabetic kidney disease (aHR 1.43, 95%CI 1.3–1.57), and diabetic neuropathy had a significantly lower risk of incident heart failure than diabetic retinopathy (aHR 0.79, 95%CI 0.71–0.87). Conclusions T2D patients with microvascular disease have a significantly higher risk of cardiovascular morbidities and mortality than those without microvascular disease. In the matched cohorts, diabetic neuropathy was significantly associated with stroke development, and diabetic retinopathy had a significant association with heart failure compared to other microvascular diseases.
Purpose Despite CKD is common among older patients, and although factors associated with CKD progression have been explored over decades, little is known about the decline of renal function specifically in older individuals. Methods We included adult patients with CKD on conservative management in a propensity-score matched study 1:1 older (> 65 year) and young (≤ 65 yr). Factors associated with the slope of the decline of eGFR such as proteinuria, initial eGFR, diabetes, sex, and use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor/angiotensin receptor block (ACEI/ARB) were analyzed. Inclusion criteria were at least two consultations in the service and an initial eGFR lower than 45 ml/min/m^2, in the period between January 2012 and December 2017. Results Crude analysis of eGFR decline shows a slower progression of older patients when compared to younger patients in both absolute change [− 2.0 (− 4.5, − 1.0) vs. -3.0 (− 7.0, − 1.0) ml/min/1.73m^2, p  < 0.001] and slope of eGFR reduction [− 2.2 (− 4.4, − 1.0) vs. 3.1 (− 6.7, − 1.2)) ml/min/1.73m^2, p  < 0.001]. Patients considered fast progressors (> 5 ml/min/1.73 m^2/year decline in eGFR) were less likely to be older (35.2% young vs. 22.0% older, p  < 0.001). Adjusted logistic multivariate regression confirmed that older patients had less odds ratio of eGFR decline, independently of the presence of proteinuria, diabetes, ACEI/ARB use, sex, baseline eGFR, baseline phosphate and baseline 25(OH) vitamin D. Conclusion Older patients present slower CKD progression even after multiple adjustments. This information should be taken into consideration while treating these patients on conservative management and should be kept in mind while planning dialysis start.
Background Stress hyperglycaemia (SH) and acute kidney injury (AKI) occur frequently in critically ill patients, and particularly non-diabetics are associated with adverse outcome. Data is scarce on the effect of SH on AKI. We assessed whether SH (i) preceded AKI, (ii) was a risk factor of subsequent AKI, and (iii) how SH and tubular injury interacted in AKI development in critically ill, non-diabetics. Methods Case–control study of 82 patients each with and without SH matched by propensity score for multiple demographic characteristics. AKI was defined by KDIGO criteria, SH either as blood glucose (BG) > 140 mg/dl (BG^140), > 200 mg/dl (BG^200), or stress hyperglycemia rate (SHR) ≥ 1.47 (SHR^1.47) as measured 2 days before AKI. Urinary cystatin C and neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) indicated tubular injury. Results In AKI, SH rates were frequent using all 3 definitions applied, but highest when BG^140 was applied. SH by all 3 definitions was consistently associated with AKI. This was independent of established risk factors of AKI such as sepsis and shock. Increments of BG, urinary NGAL or cystatin C, and its products, were independently associated with the likelihood of subsequent AKI, demonstrating their reciprocal potentiating effects on AKI development. Conclusions SH is frequent in critically ill, non-diabetics with AKI. SH was identified as an independent risk factor of AKI. Higher BG combined with tubular injury may potentiate their adverse effects on AKI.
Background Drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DIHS), including Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS), is a severe rash that often develops 2–6 weeks after the intake of the causative drug; however, its diagnosis is sometimes difficult. This article describes a case in which a patient with DIHS-induced multiple organ failure was successfully treated with blood purification therapy. Case presentation A male patient in his 60s was admitted to our hospital with autoimmune encephalitis. The patient was treated with steroid pulse therapy, acyclovir, levetiracetam, and phenytoin. From the 25th day, he presented with fever (≥ 38 °C) as well as miliary-sized erythema on the extremities and trunk, followed by erosions. DIHS and SJS were suspected; accordingly, levetiracetam, phenytoin, and acyclovir were discontinued. On the 30th day, his condition further deteriorated, and he was admitted to the intensive care unit for ventilatory management. The next day, he developed multi-organ failure and was started on hemodiafiltration (HDF) for acute kidney injury. Although he presented with hepatic dysfunction and the appearance of atypical lymphocytes, he did not meet the diagnostic criteria for DIHS or SJS/toxic epidermal necrolysis. Therefore, he was diagnosed with multi-organ failure caused by severe drug eruption and underwent a 3-day treatment with plasma exchange (PE) in addition to HDF. Accordingly, the patient was diagnosed with atypical DIHS. After being started on blood purification therapy, the skin rash began to disappear; moreover, the organ damage improved, with a gradual increase in urine output. Eventually, the patient was weaned off the ventilator and transferred to the hospital on the 101st day. Conclusions HDF + PE could effectively treat multi-organ failure caused by atypical DIHS, which is difficult to diagnose.
Background The most common cause of revision arthroplasty is prosthetic joint infection (PJI). Chronic PJI is commonly treated with two-stage exchange arthroplasty involving the placement of antibiotic-laden cement spacers (ACS) in the first stage, often containing nephrotoxic antibiotics. These patients often have significant comorbidity burdens and have higher rates of acute kidney injury (AKI). This systematic review aims to assess the current literature to identify (1) AKI incidence, (2) associated risk factors, and (3) antibiotic concentration thresholds in ACS that increase AKI risk following first-stage revision arthroplasty. Methods An electronic search was performed of the PubMed database of all studies involving patients undergoing ACS placement for chronic PJI. Studies assessing AKI rates and risk factors were screened by two authors independently. Data synthesis was performed when possible. Significant heterogeneity prevented meta-analysis. Results Eight observational studies consisting of 540 knee PJIs and 943 hip PJIs met inclusion criteria. There were 309 (21%) cases involving AKI. The most commonly reported risk factors included perfusion-related factors (lower preoperative hemoglobin, transfusion requirement, or hypovolemia), older age, increased comorbidity burden, and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug consumption. Only two studies found increased risk with greater ACS antibiotic concentration (> 4 g vancomycin and > 4.8 g tobramycin per spacer in one study, > 3.6 g of vancomycin per batch or > 3.6 g of aminoglycosides per batch in the other); however, these were reported from univariate analyses not accounting for other potential risk factors. Discussion Patients undergoing ACS placement for chronic PJI are at an increased risk for AKI. Understanding the risk factors may lead to better multidisciplinary care and safer outcomes for chronic PJI patients. Level of evidence III.
Background The FIDELIO-DKD and FIGARO-DKD randomized clinical trials (RCTs) showed finerenone, a novel non-steroidal mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist (MRA), reduced the risk of renal and cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). Using RCT inclusion and exclusion criteria, we analyzed the RCT coverage for patients with T2DM and CKD in routine clinical practice in Germany. Methods German patients from the DPV/DIVE registries who were ≥ 18 years, had T2DM and CKD (an estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2 OR eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73m^2 and albuminuria [≥ 30 mg/g]) were included. RCT inclusion and exclusion criteria were then applied, and the characteristics of the two populations compared. Results Overall, 65,168 patients with T2DM and CKD were identified from DPV/DIVE. Key findings were (1) Registry patients with CKD were older, less often male, and had a lower eGFR, but more were normoalbuminuric vs the RCTs. Cardiovascular disease burden was higher in the RCTs; diabetic neuropathy, lipid metabolism disorders, and peripheral arterial disease were more frequent in the registry. CKD-specific drugs (e.g., angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors [ACEi] and angiotensin receptor blocker [ARBs]) were used less often in clinical practice; (2) Due to the RCT’s albuminuric G1/2 to G4 CKD focus, they did not cover 28,147 (43.2%) normoalbuminuric registry patients, 4,519 (6.9%) albuminuric patients with eGFR < 25, and 6,565 (10.1%) patients with microalbuminuria but normal GFR (≥ 90 ml/min); 3) As RCTs required baseline ACEi or ARB treatment, the number of comparable registry patients was reduced to 28,359. Of these, only 12,322 (43.5%) registry patients fulfilled all trial inclusion and exclusion criteria. Registry patients that would have been eligible for the RCTs were more often male, had higher eGFR values, higher rates of albuminuria, more received metformin, and more SGLT-2 inhibitors than patients that would not be eligible. Conclusions Certain patient subgroups, especially non-albuminuric CKD-patients, were not included in the RCTs. Although recommended by guidelines, there was an undertreatment of CKD-patients with renin-angiotensin system (RAS) blockers. Further research into patients with normoalbuminuric CKD and a wider prescription of RAS blocking agents for CKD patients in clinical practice appears warranted.
Oxidative stress is critical in the occurrence and development of diabetes and its related complications. l -serine has recently been shown to reduce oxidative stress, the incidence of autoimmune diabetes and improve glucose homeostasis. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of daily l -serine administration on blood glucose, renal function and oxidative stress markers in the kidney of streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice. Eighteen C57BL/6 male mice were randomly divided into three groups ( n  = 6 per group). Streptozotocin was used to induce diabetes and a group of diabetic mice was treated with 280 mg/day of l -serine dissolved in drinking water for 4 weeks. The level of blood glucose, biochemical markers of renal function (total protein, urea, creatinine and albumin) and oxidative stress markers (protein carbonyls, malondialdehyde, glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase and catalase) were measured using spectrophotometry. The results indicated that l -serine significantly decreased the glucose level in diabetic mice (188.6 ± 22.69 mg/dL, P  = 0.02). Moreover, treatment of diabetic mice with l -serine reduced protein carbonyls (3.249 ± 0.9165 nmol/mg protein, P  < 0.05) and malondialdehyde levels (1.891 ± 0.7696 μM/mg protein, P  = 0.051). However, l -serine showed no significant effects on renal function, and a slight reduction in histopathological changes was observed in mice receiving l -serine. This study revealed that l -serine effectively ameliorates oxidative stress in kidney tissue and reduces the blood glucose concentration in diabetic mice.
Background Ultrasound elastography is a research method increasingly used to measure tissue elasticity. The aim of the study was to assess its usability in pediatric patients with either chronic kidney disease (CKD) or hypertension. Methods A total of 46 patients with CKD (group 1), 50 patients with hypertension (group 2), and 33 healthy participants as the control group were included. In all, we performed studies assessing their cardiovascular risk along with liver and kidney elastography. Results Liver elastography parameters were increased compared to those in the control group (1.49 m/s, p  = 0.007, in group 1 and 1.52 m/s, p  < 0.001, in group 2, vs. 1.41 m/s among controls). Kidney elastography parameters were significantly higher in group 2 (1.9 m/s, p  = 0.001, and 1.9 m/s, p  = 0.003, in each kidney) when compared to group 1 (1.79 m/s and 1.81 m/s). Additionally, all participants were divided according to overweight/obesity and normal weight status, where both liver (1.53 m/s vs. 1.45 m/s, p  < 0.001) and kidney parameters (1.96 m/s and 1.92 m/s vs. 1.81 m/s and 1.84 m/s, p  = 0.002) were significantly higher in the group of overweight/obese subjects. Conclusions Ultrasound elastography of the liver and kidney is feasible in pediatric patients with either CKD or hypertension, showing increased liver stiffness parameters in both groups, further aggravated by obesity. In obese patients with CKD, kidney stiffness also increased indicating a negative effect of clustering cardiovascular risk factors leading to decreased kidney elasticity. Further research is warranted. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Induction agent used at the time of kidney transplant is often based upon center practice and recipient characteristics. We evaluated outcomes across induction therapies among children enrolled in the North American Pediatric Renal Trials and Collaborative Studies (NAPRTCS) transplant registry with data in the Pediatric Health Information System (PHIS). Methods This is a retrospective study of merged data from NAPRTCS and PHIS. Participants were grouped by induction agent: interleukin-2 receptor blocker (IL-2 RB), anti-thymocyte/anti-lymphocyte globulin (ATG/ALG), and alemtuzumab. Outcomes assessed included 1-, 3-, and 5-year allograft function and survival, rejection, viral infections, malignancy, and death. Results A total of 830 children transplanted between 2010 and 2019. At 1 year post-transplant, the alemtuzumab group had higher median eGFR (86 ml/min/1.73 m^2) compared to IL-2 RB and ATG/ALG (79 and 75 ml/min/1.73 m^2, respectively; P  < 0.001); at 3 and 5 years, there was no difference. Adjusted eGFR over time was similar across all induction agents. Rejection rates were lower among the alemtuzumab group vs. IL-2RB and ATG (13.9% vs. 27.3% and 24.6%, respectively; P  = 0.006). Adjusted ATG/ALG and alemtuzumab had higher hazard ratio for time to graft failure compared to IL-2 RB (HR 2.48 and HR 2.11, respectively; P  < 0.05). Incidence of malignancy, mortality, and time to first viral infection was similar. Conclusion Although rejection and allograft loss rates were distinct, the incidences of viral infection and malignancy were comparable across induction agents. By 3 years post-transplant, there was no difference in eGFR. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Moyamoya disease, a cause of pediatric stroke, has been shown to affect furthermore extra-cranial districts, mostly the kidney arterial site, resulting in steno-occlusive changes. Unilateral renal artery stenosis accounts for 8%-10% out of cases of renovascular hypertension in childhood, however it rarely underlies a hyponatremic-hypertensive syndrome (HHS). Case presentation We describe an 18-month-old boy with a recent history of polyuria and polydipsia, who presented an acute febrile gastroenteritis with neurological impairment, severe dehydration, hyponatremia, hypokalemia, kidney tubular dysfunction, and elevated aldosterone and renin even with a normal blood pressure. Fluid and electrolytes correction was performed, with complete recovery. An abdominal ultrasound displayed a smaller right kidney. A brain magnetic resonance and an electroencephalogram did not show any relevant abnormalities. Five months later, the child experienced a left-side hemiparesis after a traumatic concussion, and a severe hypertension. A brain tomography documented a cerebral ischemia. Brain and kidney angiographic studies displayed puff of smoke findings of internal right carotid artery branches and a steno-occlusive pattern of right renal artery, respectively. Hence, moyamoya disease with HHS secondary to unilateral renal artery stenosis was diagnosed. After an unsuccessful antiplatelet and antihypertensive pharmacological treatment, the boy underwent a renal angioplasty and a cerebral STA-MCA bypass (direct superficial temporal artery-to-middle cerebral artery bypass), resulting in a significant improvement of both neurological and kidney disease. Conclusions Although the association between unilateral renal artery stenosis and HHS has been previously shown, this is the first report of atypical HHS, with hypertension preceded by tubular dysfunction, recognized in the framework of moyamoya disease.
Introduction Mental health and quality of life are under-appreciated clinical targets which affect patient and modality survival. Lack of dialysis availability in the resource-constrained public health sector in South Africa results in assignment to treatment modalities without regard to effects on these parameters. We assessed the effect of dialysis modality, demographic and laboratory parameters on mental health and quality of life measurements. Methods Size-matched cohorts were recruited from patients on haemodialysis (HD), peritoneal dialysis (PD), and patients on conservative management (CM) between September 2020 and March 2021. Responses to the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and Kidney Disease Quality of Life Short Form 36 (KDQOL-SF36) questionnaires and demographic and baseline laboratory parameters were compared between modalities. Multivariate linear regression was used to evaluate independent effect of baseline characteristics on HADS and KDQOL-SF36 scores between treatment groups where significant difference was observed. Results Anxiety, depression, and reduced KDQOL measures were widespread amongst respondents. Dialyzed patients reported higher anxiety and depression scores than those on CM (p = 0.040 and p = 0.028). Physical composite (PCS), role–physical (RP), vitality (VS), and emotional well-being (EWB) KDQOL-SF36 scores were poorer in dialyzed patients (p < 0.001 for all). PCS (p = 0.005), pain (p = 0.030), vitality (p = 0.005), and social functioning KDQOL scores were poorer in PD compared to HD; HADS anxiety (p < 0.001) and KDQOL-SF36 EWB scores (p < 0.001) were better in PD. PD patients were more likely to be employed (p = 0.008). Increasing haemoglobin concentration reduced anxiety (p < 0.001) and depression scores (p = 0.004), and improved PCS (p < 0.001), and pain scores (p < 0.001). Higher serum albumin improved PCS (p < 0.001) and vitality (p < 0.001) scores. Conclusion Advanced chronic kidney disease increases anxiety and depression and limits quality of life. PD improves mental health and emotional wellbeing and preserves the ability to undertake economic activity but limits social functioning and causes greater physical discomfort. Targeting haemoglobin may ameliorate modality effects on mental health and quality of life.
Background Associations between anthropometric measures and patient outcomes in children are inconsistent and mainly based on data at kidney replacement therapy (KRT) initiation. We studied associations of height and body mass index (BMI) with access to kidney transplantation, graft failure, and death during childhood KRT. Methods We included patients < 20 years starting KRT in 33 European countries from 1995–2019 with height and weight data recorded to the ESPN/ERA Registry. We defined short stature as height standard deviation scores (SDS) < –1.88 and tall stature as height SDS > 1.88. Underweight, overweight and obesity were calculated using age and sex-specific BMI for height-age criteria. Associations with outcomes were assessed using multivariable Cox models with time-dependent covariates. Results We included 11,873 patients. Likelihood of transplantation was lower for short (aHR: 0.82, 95% CI: 0.78–0.86), tall (aHR: 0.65, 95% CI: 0.56–0.75), and underweight patients (aHR: 0.79, 95%CI: 0.71–0.87). Compared with normal height, patients with short and tall statures showed higher graft failure risk. All-cause mortality risk was higher in short (aHR: 2.30, 95% CI: 1.92–2.74), but not in tall stature. Underweight (aHR: 1.76, 95% CI: 1.38–2.23) and obese (aHR: 1.49, 95% CI: 1.11–1.99) patients showed higher all-cause mortality risk than normal weight subjects. Conclusions Short and tall stature and being underweight were associated with a lower likelihood of receiving a kidney allograft. Mortality risk was higher among pediatric KRT patients with a short stature or those being underweight or obese. Our results highlight the need for careful nutritional management and multidisciplinary approach for these patients. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Objectives To identify optimized MRI markers for evaluating chronic kidney disease (CKD) and renal interstitial fibrosis (IF). Materials and methods This prospective study included 43 patients with CKD and 20 controls. The CKD group was divided into mild and moderate-to-severe subgroups based on pathological results. Scanned sequences included T1 mapping, R2* mapping, intravoxel incoherent motion imaging, and diffusion-weighted imaging. One-way analyses of variance were used to compare MRI parameters among groups. Correlations of MRI parameters with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and renal IF were analyzed using age as covariates. The support vector machine (SVM) model was used to evaluate the diagnostic efficacy of multiparametric MRI. Results Compared to control values, renal cortical apparent diffusion coefficient (cADC), medullary ADC (mADC), cortical pure diffusion coefficient (cDt), medullary Dt (mDt), cortical shifted apparent diffusion coefficient (csADC), and medullary sADC (msADC) values gradually decreased in the mild and moderate-to-severe groups, while cortical T1 (cT1) and medullary T1 (mT1) values gradually increased. Values of cADC, mADC, cDt, mDt, cT1, mT1, csADC, and msADC were significantly associated with eGFR and IF ( p  < 0.001). The SVM model indicated that multiparametric MRI combining cT1 and csADC can distinguish patients with CKD from controls with high accuracy (0.84), sensitivity (0.70), and specificity (0.92) (AUC: 0.96). Multiparametric MRI combining cT1 and cADC exhibited high accuracy (0.91), sensitivity (0.95), and specificity (0.81) for evaluating IF severity (AUC: 0.96). Conclusion Multiparametric MRI combining T1 mapping and diffusion imaging may be of clinical utility in non-invasive assessment of CKD and IF. Clinical relevance statement This study shows that multiparametric MRI combining T1 mapping and diffusion imaging may be clinically useful in the non-invasive assessment of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and interstitial fibrosis; this could provide information for risk stratification, diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis. Key Points •  Optimized MRI markers for evaluating chronic kidney disease and renal interstitial fibrosis were investigated . •  Renal cortex/medullary T1 values increased as interstitial fibrosis increased; cortical shifted apparent diffusion coefficient (csADC) correlated significantly with eGFR and interstitial fibrosis . •  Support vector machine (SVM) combining cortical T1 (cT1) and csADC/cADC effectively identifies chronic kidney disease and accurately predicts renal interstitial fibrosis .
The progressive damage of kidney function and structure exhibits a high risk of cardiovascular disease and is the leading cause of life-threatening chronic kidney disease (CKD). Early diagnosing is the only way to prevent CKD from worsening. Different data mining and machine learning approaches are implemented for predicting chronic kidney disease; however, the extraction of hidden details from the clinical data is a difficult challenge. To overcome this situation, a new model for accurate prediction of chronic kidney disease is proposed in this article. This work evaluated the proposed predictive model using a CKD dataset. The raw chronic kidney disease dataset is initially preprocessed using data cleaning, data reduction as well as data transformation steps. These steps make the classification system easier to predict diseased and normal classes by enhancing the data quality. The features are then selected using a hybrid flash butterfly optimization algorithm. Here, the weight functions of the kernel soft plus extreme learning machine (KSELM) method are optimally tuned using the hybrid flash butterfly optimization (HFBO) algorithm to increase prediction accuracy. The efficiency of the proposed HFBO-KSELM algorithm is examined using different evaluation measures namely precision, accuracy, and specificity, recall, F 1-score, and computation time. The results of the experimental analysis display superior performance of the proposed HFBO-KSELM algorithm over other existing methods, particularly with an accuracy of 97.8%, precision of 97.4%, recall of 96.9%, specificity of 97.5%, F 1-score of 97.1%, computational time of 2.3 s, training accuracy of 0.978, testing accuracy of 0.94 and ROC/AUC of 0.97. Finally, the KSELM algorithm accurately predicts and classifies them into benign and malignant classes. The experimental result showed that the proposed HFBO-KSELM algorithm provides the effectiveness and robustness to detect chronic kidney disease.
Aim : Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is becoming a great concern, especially in developing countries and SNHL among patients with CKD is considerably higher than general population. So, current study aims evaluation and assessment of degree of hearing loss in chronic kidney disease patients using pure tone audiogram and correlation of hearing loss with its contributing factors. Materials and methods :70 patients with CKD were included in this prospective observational cross sectional study performed in tertiary care hospital. A detailed history; general physical, otological examination, blood investigation was done.CKD staging was done using KDIGO guidelines and hearing assessment using pure tone audiometry. Hearing loss association with CKD and contributing factors were studied. Result : Out of 70 participants, SNHL was seen in twenty one participants. Hearing loss was present in 3 out of 22 participants of CKD-3; 6 out of 12 participants of CKD-4 and 12 out of 15 participants of stage CKD-5. A statistically significant association of hearing loss was found with CKD stage, albuminuria, hemodialysis, hypertension and other factors. Discussion : Since hearing impairment may well have a negative impact on the social function of an affected individual, the use of pure tone audiogram to monitor CKD patients should be considered as a routine procedure. Patients with CKD would benefit from early detection of hearing loss which will allow for early rehabilitative measures to be taken.
Objective The purpose of this study was to look into the clinical significance of the renal resistance index (RRI) and renal oxygen saturation (RrSO2) in predicting the development of acute kidney injury (AKI) in critically ill children. A new non-invasive method for the early detection and prediction of AKI needs to develop. Methods Patients admitted to the pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) affiliated with the capital institute of pediatrics from December 2020 to March 2021 were enrolled consecutively. Data of clinical information, renal Doppler ultrasound, RrSO2, and hemodynamic index within 24 h of admission were prospectively collected. Patients were divided into two groups: the study group was AKI occurred within 72 h, while the control group did not. SPSS (version 25.0) was used to analyze the data, and P  < 0.05 was considered a statistical difference. Results 1) A total of 66 patients were included in this study, and the incidence of AKI was 19.70% (13/66). The presence of risk factors (shock, tumor, severe infection) increased the incidence of AKI by three times. 2) Univariate analysis showed significant differences in length of hospitalization, white blood cells (WBC), C-reactive protein (CRP), renal resistance index (RRI), and ejection fraction (EF) between the study and control groups ( P  < 0.05). There were no significant differences in renal perfusion semi-quantitative score ( P  = 0.053), pulsatility index ( P  = 0.051), pediatric critical illness score (PCIS), and peripheral vascular resistance index ( P  > 0.05). 3) Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve showed that if RRI > 0.635, the sensitivity, specificity, and AUC for predicting AKI were 0.889, 0.552, and 0.751, respectively; if RrSO2 < 43.95%, the values were 0.615, 0.719 and 0.609, respectively; if RRI and RrSO2 were united, they were 0.889, 0.552, and 0.766, respectively. Conclusions The incidence of AKI is high in PICU patients. And infection, RRI, and EF are risk factors for AKI in PICU patients. RRI and RrSO2 have certain clinical significance in the early prediction of AKI and may provide a new non-invasive method for early diagnosis and prediction of AKI.
Background Studies in adults have shown that persistent kidney dysfunction ≥7–90 days following acute kidney injury (AKI), termed acute kidney disease (AKD), increases chronic kidney disease (CKD) and mortality risk. Little is known about the factors associated with the transition of AKI to AKD and the impact of AKD on outcomes in children. The aim of this study is to evaluate risk factors for progression of AKI to AKD in hospitalized children and to determine if AKD is a risk factor for CKD. Methods Retrospective cohort study of children age ≤18 years admitted with AKI to all pediatric units at a single tertiary-care children’s hospital between 2015 and 2019. Exclusion criteria included insufficient serum creatinine values to evaluate for AKD, chronic dialysis, or previous kidney transplant. Results A total of 528 children with AKI were included in the study. There were 297 (56.3%) hospitalized AKI survivors who developed AKD. Among children with AKD, 45.5% developed CKD compared to 18.7% in the group without AKD (OR 4.0, 95% CI 2.1–7.4, p -value <0.001 using multivariable logistic regression analysis including other covariates). Multivariable logistic regression model identified age at AKI diagnosis, PCICU and NICU admission, prematurity, malignancy, bone marrow transplant, previous AKI, mechanical ventilation, AKI stage, duration of kidney injury, and need for kidney replacement therapy during day 1–7 as risk factors for AKD after AKI. Conclusions AKD is common among hospitalized children with AKI and multiple risk factors are associated with AKD. Children that progress from AKI to AKD are at higher risk of developing CKD. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background We present this challenging case report of Atypical Haemolytic Uremic Syndrome (aHUS) presenting with multi-organ involvement in a patient and heterozygous CFHR1/CFHR3 gene variant, which was refractory to initial eculizumab therapy. Case presentation A forty-three year old female presented with aHUS and had heterozygous disease-associated deletions in the complement genes CFHR1/CFHR3 . She had progressive kidney failure and severe extra-renal manifestations including cardiomyopathy and haemorrhagic cystitis; as well as pulmonary, gastrointestinal and neurological involvement. The initial kidney biopsy revealed thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) changes involving all glomeruli. Clinical improvement was initially seen during eculizumab initiation with suppressed CH50 level, but a new rhinovirus/enterovirus upper respiratory tract infection triggered further severe multi-organ disease activity. The extra-renal manifestations stabilised, then ultimately improved after a period of eculizumab dose intensification. However, the impact on dose intensification on this improvement is unclear. Despite the extra-renal clinical improvement, she ultimately progressed to end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), commencing peritoneal dialysis for three years before undergoing a successful uncomplicated cadaveric kidney transplant without prophylactic eculizumab. Two years after transplant, she has excellent transplant graft function without any further disease recurrence. Conclusions This case highlights the concept of extra-renal manifestations in aHUS initially resistant to eculizumab, which potentially responded to dose intensification. Whilst organ injuries are potentially reversible with timely targeted treatment, it appears that the kidneys are most vulnerable to injury.
Background Terlipressin and noradrenaline are effective in the management of hepatorenal syndrome (HRS). There are no reports on the combination of these vasoconstrictors in type-1 HRS. Aim To evaluate terlipressin with or without noradrenaline in type-1 HRS not responding to terlipressin at 48 hours. Methods Sixty patients were randomized to receive either terlipressin (group A; n  = 30) or a combination of terlipressin and noradrenaline infusion (group B; n  = 30). In group A, terlipressin infusion was started at 2 mg/day and increased by 1 mg/day (maximum 12 mg/day). In group B, terlipressin was given at a constant dose of 2 mg/day. Noradrenaline infusion was started at 0.5 mg/h at baseline and increased to 3 mg/h in a stepwise manner. The primary outcome was treatment response at 15 days. Secondary outcomes were 30-day survival, cost–benefit analysis and adverse events. Results There was no significant difference in the response rate between the groups (50% vs. 76.7%, p  = 0.06) and 30-day survival was similar (36.7% vs. 53.3%, p  = 0.13). Treatment was more expensive in group A (USD 750 vs. 350, p  < 0.001). Adverse events were more frequent in group A (36.7% vs. 13.3%, p  < 0.05). Conclusions The combination of noradrenaline and terlipressin infusion results in a non-significantly higher rate of HRS resolution with significantly fewer adverse effects in HRS patients who do not respond to terlipressin within 48 hours. Trial registration. Clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03822091).
Background Post infectious glomerulonephritis (PIGN) is the most common form of acute glomerulonephritis in children. The objective of this study was to evaluate the risk factors for kidney injury in children with PIGN referred to a tertiary care center. Methods This was a retrospective cohort study. The primary outcome was acute kidney injury (AKI) at initial presentation; secondary outcome was composite kidney injury, defined as reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), proteinuria, or hypertension at last follow-up. Binary logistic regression defined risk factors associated with the primary and secondary outcomes. Results We identified 125 PIGN cases with a mean age of 8.3±3.5 years at presentation and 252 ± 501 days of follow-up. Sixty-six percent (79/119) presented with AKI and 57% (71/125) were admitted to hospital. Shorter time to seeing a nephrologist (OR 6.7, 95%CI 1.8–24.6), nadir C3 < 0.12 g/L (OR 10.2, 95%CI 1.9–53.7), starting an antihypertensive medication (OR 7.6, 95%CI 1.8–31.3), and nephrotic range proteinuria (OR 3.8, 95%CI 1.2–12.4) were independent risk factors for AKI when adjusted for each other. At last follow-up 35% (44/125) of the cohort had the composite outcome, with older age at presentation (OR 1.2, 95%CI 1.04–1.4) and nadir C3 < 0.17 g/L (OR 2.6, 95%CI 1.04–6.7) being independent risk factors when adjusted for AKI. Conclusion PIGN is an important cause of AKI in children and adolescents. The severity of initial illness is associated with the extent of kidney injury in both the short- and longer-term. Findings will help identify cases requiring lengthier surveillance. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background This study aimed to determine the dietary acid load of children with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and to evaluate the relationship between dietary acid load, nutritional status, and health-related quality of life (HRQOL). Method A total of 67 children aged 3–18 years with a diagnosis of CKD stages II–V were included in the study. Anthropometric measurements (body weight, height, mid-upper arm circumference, waist, and neck circumference) and 3-day food consumption records were taken to evaluate the nutritional status. The net endogenous acid production (NEAP) score was calculated to determine the dietary acid load. “Pediatric Inventory of Quality of Life (PedsQL)” was used to assess the participants’ HRQOL. Results The mean NEAP was 59.2 ± 18.96 mEq/day. Stunted and malnourished children had significantly higher NEAP than those who were not ( p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in terms of HRQOL scores according to NEAP groups. The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that waist circumference (OR: 0.890, 95% CI: 0.794–0.997), serum albumin (OR: 0.252, 95% CI: 0.068–0.929), and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (OR: 0.985, 95% CI: 0.970–1.000) were negatively associated with high NEAP. Conclusion This study shows that a diet shifted in an acidic direction in children with CKD and a higher dietary acid load are associated with lower serum albumin, GFR, and waist circumference, but not HRQOL. These results suggest that dietary acid load might affect nutritional status and CKD progression in children with CKD. Future studies with larger samples are needed to confirm these results and to understand underlying mechanisms. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Solid-organ transplantation due to end-stage organ disease is increasingly performed in people living with HIV. Despite improved transplant outcomes, management of these patients remains challenging due to higher risk for allograft rejection, infection and drug–drug interactions (DDIs). Complex regimens for multi-drug resistant HIV-viruses may cause DDIs particularly if the regimen contains drugs such as ritonavir or cobicistat. Case presentation Here we report on a case of an HIV-infected renal transplant recipient on long-term immunosuppressive therapy with mycophenolate mofetil and tacrolimus dosed at 0.5 mg every 11 days due to the co-administration of a darunavir/ritonavir containing antiretroviral regimen. In the presented case the pharmacokinetic booster was switched from ritonavir to cobicistat for treatment simplification. A close monitoring of tacrolimus drug levels was performed in order to prevent possible sub- or supratherapeutic tacrolimus trough levels. A progressive decrease in tacrolimus concentrations was observed after switch requiring shortening of tacrolimus dosing interval. This observation was unexpected considering that cobicistat is devoid of inducing properties. Conclusions This case highlights the fact that the pharmacokinetic boosters ritonavir and cobicistat are not fully interchangeable. Therapeutic drug monitoring of tacrolimus is warranted to maintain levels within the therapeutic range.
Background Sepsis-related AKI is related to short-term mortality and poor long-term prognoses, such as chronic renal insufficiency, late development of end-stage renal disease, and long-term mortality. In this study, we aimed to investigate the association of hyperuricemia with acute kidney injury (AKI) in patients with sepsis. Methods The retrospective cohort study included 634 adult sepsis patients hospitalized in the intensive care unit (ICU) of the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangxi Medical University from March 2014 to June 2020 and the ICU of the Second Affiliated Hospital of Guangxi Medical University from January 2017 to June 2020. Based on the first serum uric acid level within 24 h of admission to the ICU, patients were divided into groups with or without hyperuricemia, and the incidence of AKI within seven days of ICU admission was compared between the two groups. The univariate analysis analyzed the effect of hyperuricemia on sepsis-related AKI, and the multivariable logistic regression model analysis was used. Results Among the 634 patients with sepsis, 163 (25.7%) developed hyperuricemia, and 324 (51.5%) developed AKI. The incidence of AKI in the groups with and without hyperuricemia was 76.7% and 42.3%, respectively, with statistically significant differences (2 = 57.469, P < 0.001). After adjusting for genders, comorbidities (coronary artery disease), organ failure assessment (SOFA) score on the day of admission, basal renal function, serum lactate, calcitonin, and mean arterial pressure, hyperuricemia was showed to be an independent risk factor for AKI in patients with sepsis ( OR  = 4.415, 95% CI 2.793 ~ 6.980, P  < 0.001). For every 1 mg/dL increase in serum uric acid in patients with sepsis, the risk of AKI increased by 31.7% ( OR  = 1.317, 95% CI 1.223 ~ 1.418, P  < 0.001). Conclusion AKI is a common complication in septic patients hospitalized in the ICU, and hyperuricemia is an independent risk factor for AKI in septic patients.
Background Human resources for health (HRH) shortages are a major limitation to equitable access to healthcare. African countries have the most severe shortage of HRH in the world despite rising communicable and non-communicable disease (NCD) burden. Task shifting provides an opportunity to fill the gaps in HRH shortage in Africa. The aim of this scoping review is to evaluate task shifting roles, interventions and outcomes for addressing kidney and cardiovascular (CV) health problems in African populations. Methods We conducted this scoping review to answer the question: “what are the roles, interventions and outcomes of task shifting strategies for CV and kidney health in Africa?” Eligible studies were selected after searching MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase (Ovid), CINAHL, ISI Web of Science, and Africa journal online (AJOL). We analyzed the data descriptively. Results Thirty-three studies, conducted in 10 African countries (South Africa, Nigeria, Ghana, Kenya, Cameroon, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Malawi, Rwanda, and Uganda) were eligible for inclusion. There were few randomized controlled trials ( n  = 6; 18.2%), and tasks were mostly shifted for hypertension ( n  = 27; 81.8%) than for diabetes ( n  = 16; 48.5%). More tasks were shifted to nurses ( n  = 19; 57.6%) than pharmacists ( n  = 6; 18.2%) or community health workers ( n  = 5; 15.2%). Across all studies, the most common role played by HRH in task shifting was for treatment and adherence ( n  = 28; 84.9%) followed by screening and detection ( n  = 24; 72.7%), education and counselling ( n  = 24; 72.7%), and triage ( n  = 13; 39.4%). Improved blood pressure levels were reported in 78.6%, 66.7%, and 80.0% for hypertension-related task shifting roles to nurses, pharmacists, and CHWs, respectively. Improved glycaemic indices were reported as 66.7%, 50.0%, and 66.7% for diabetes-related task shifting roles to nurses, pharmacists, and CHWs, respectively. Conclusion Despite the numerus HRH challenges that are present in Africa for CV and kidney health, this study suggests that task shifting initiatives can improve process of care measures (access and efficiency) as well as identification, awareness and treatment of CV and kidney disease in the region. The impact of task shifting on long-term outcomes of kidney and CV diseases and the sustainability of NCD programs based on task shifting remains to be determined.
Background The use of kidneys from deceased donors with acute kidney injury (AKI) to expand the donor pool is an ongoing trend. Prior research on the utilization of AKI donor kidneys, especially from pediatric AKI donors, was limited and has been subject to small sample sizes. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of early post-transplantation outcomes in pediatric deceased donors with AKI. Methods This retrospective study compared the clinical results (including delayed graft function [DGF], acute rejection, patient and death-censored graft survival rates and renal function post-transplant) of kidney transplantation from deceased donors who were categorized as pediatric donors and adult donors with or without AKI, as defined by the Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KIDGO) criteria, at our center between January 2018 and December 2020. Results Of the 740 patients, 154 received kidneys from pediatric donors (with AKI group [n = 41]; without AKI group [n = 113]), and 586 received kidneys from adult donors (with AKI group [n = 218]; without AKI group [n = 368]). The baseline characteristics were similar in both cohorts. No significant difference was observed in 1-year patient survival, death-censored graft survival, or acute rejection between the AKI and non-AKI groups in both the pediatric and adult cohorts. However, compared with those transplanted with adult AKI kidneys, those transplanted with pediatric AKI kidneys showed a superior recovery of allograft function. In pediatric cohorts, no significant difference was found in serum creatinine/estimated glomerular filtration rate (SCr/eGFR) between the AKI and non-AKI groups, even in the first week post-transplant. In contrast, the post-transplant SCr/eGFR level of the AKI group recipients in adult cohorts did not recover to a level statistically similar to that of non-AKI recipients, even at 6-months post-transplant. Nonetheless, AKI kidney recipients were at an increased risk of DGF in both pediatric (34.1% vs. 16.8%) and adult (38.5% vs. 17.4%) cohorts. Conclusions Kidney transplantation from deceased donors with AKI has short-term clinical outcomes comparable to those of non-AKI kidney transplantation. Pediatric AKI kidneys have a superior recovery of allograft function. The transplant community should utilize this donor pool to minimize waiting-list-related mortalities.
Background Astragalus root is a commonly used herb in traditional Chinese medicine. Although renoprotective effects have been reported in some clinical and experimental studies, the details remain unknown. Methods We used 5/6 nephrectomized rats as chronic kidney disease (CKD) models. At 10 weeks, they were divided into four groups, namely, CKD, low-dose astragalus (AR400), high-dose astragalus (AR800), and sham groups. At 14 weeks, they were sacrificed for the evaluation of blood, urine, mRNA expression in the kidney, and renal histopathology. Results Kidney dysfunction was significantly improved following astragalus administration (creatinine clearance: sham group; 3.8 ± 0.3 mL/min, CKD group; 1.5 ± 0.1 mL/min, AR400 group; 2.5 ± 0.3 mL/min, AR800 group; 2.7 ± 0.1 mL/min). Blood pressure, urinary albumin, and urinary NGAL levels were significantly lower in the astragalus-treated groups than those in the CKD group. Excretion of urinary 8-OHdG, an oxidative stress marker, and intrarenal oxidative stress were lower in the astragalus-treated groups than those in the CKD group. Furthermore, the mRNA expression of NADPH p22 phox, NADPH p47 phox, Nox4, renin, angiotensin II type 1 receptor, and angiotensinogen in the kidney was lower in the astragalus-treated groups compared with the CKD group. Conclusion This study suggests that astragalus root slowed CKD progression, possibly through the suppression of oxidative stress and the renin–angiotensin system.
Background In single-center studies, both preterm birth and low birth weight (LBW) are associated with worse outcomes in childhood nephrotic syndrome. Using the Nephrotic Syndrome Study Network (NEPTUNE) observational cohort, we tested the hypothesis that in patients with nephrotic syndrome, hypertension, proteinuria status, and disease progression would be more prevalent and more severe in subjects with LBW and prematurity singly or in combination (LBW/prematurity). Methods Three hundred fifty-nine adults and children with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) or minimal change disease (MCD) and available birth history were included. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) decline and remission status were primary outcomes, and secondary outcomes were kidney histopathology, kidney gene expression, and urinary biomarkers. Logistic regression was used to identify associations with LBW/prematurity and these outcomes. Results We did not find an association between LBW/prematurity and remission of proteinuria. However, LBW/prematurity was associated with greater decline in eGFR. This decline in eGFR was partially explained by the association of LBW/prematurity with APOL1 high-risk alleles, but the association remained after adjustment. There were no differences in kidney histopathology or gene expression in the LBW/prematurity group compared to normal birth weight/term birth. Conclusion LBW and premature babies who develop nephrotic syndrome have a more rapid decline in kidney function. We did not identify clinical or laboratory features that distinguished the groups. Additional studies in larger groups are needed to fully ascertain the effects of (LBW) and prematurity alone or in combination on kidney function in the setting of nephrotic syndrome.
Background Acute kidney damage (AKI) is among the most severe consequences observed in surgical intensive care units (SICUs). We aim to observe the incidence, risk factors, and outcomes of acute kidney injury in SICU octogenarians. Methods A cross-sectional retrospective study was conducted at the SICU of Jordan University Hospital (JUH), a tertiary teaching hospital in a developing country, between January 2018 and December 2019. Patients who were 80 years or older at the time of data collection were included. The definition of AKI was based on Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria. Demographic, clinical, and laboratory data were reviewed. Results A total number of 168 patients were included. The mean age was 84.0 ± 3.8 years, and 54.8% of the participants were women. Of those, 115 (68.5%) had surgery before or during ICU stay, and 28.7% of the patients’ surgeries were an emergency surgery. Also, 47.8% of surgeries were considered by anesthesia to be high-risk surgeries. A total of 55 patients (32.7%) developed AKI during their SICU stay. The factors that were significantly associated with AKI in the ICU patients included use of beta blocker [AOR: 3.7; 95% CI: 1.2–11.8; p = 0.025], and inotropes [AOR:4.0; 95% CI: 1.2–13.3; p = 0.03]. The factors that were significantly associated with mortality in the ICU included using mechanical ventilation [AOR:18.7; 95% CI: 2.4-141.9; p = 0.005] and inotropes use [AOR: 12.3; 95% CI: 1.2-120.7; p = 0.031]. Conclusions The incidence of AKI during SICU stay in this study was 32.7% and it was significantly associated with the use of beta blockers, mechanical ventilation, and inotropes. The mortality rate among octogenarians who developed AKI during SICU stay was 36.4%. Further studies are needed globally to assess the incidence of AKI in octogenarian surgical patients and identify risk factors to provide preventative measurements and strategies.
Purpose We aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of denosumab in postmenopausal women with primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT)-related osteoporosis and chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods Women over 50 years of age with PHPT or postmenopausal osteoporosis (PMO) were retrospectively recruited into this longitudinal study. These PHPT and PMO groups were further categorized into subgroups based on the presence of CKD (Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2). All patients were given denosumab over 24 months due to verified osteoporosis. The primary outcomes were changes in bone mineral density (BMD) and serum calcium levels. Results 145 postmenopausal women median age 69 [63;77] were recruited and assigned to one of the subgroups: PHPT patients with CKD ( n  = 22), PHPT patients without CKD ( n  = 38), PMO patients with CKD ( n  = 17) and PMO patients without CKD ( n  = 68). Denosumab treatment significantly increased BMD in patients with PHPT-related osteoporosis and CKD: median T -score L1–L4 from −2.0 to −1.35 ( p  < 0.001), femur neck from −2.4 to −2.1 ( p  = 0.012), radius 33% from −3.2 to −3 ( p  < 0.05)) at 24 months. Changes in BMD were similar in all four studied groups compared to baseline. A marked decline in calcium was noted in the primary study group of PHPT with CKD (median ΔCa = −0.24 mmol/L p  < 0.001), compared to PHPT without CKD (median ΔCa = −0.08 mmol/L p  < 0.001) and PMO with or without CKD. Denosumab treatment was well-tolerated with no serious adverse events. Conclusion Denosumab treatment was similarly effective at increasing BMD in patients with PHPT and PMO with and without renal insufficiency. The calcium lowering effects of denosumab were most significant in patients with PHPT and CKD. The safety of denosumab did not differ among participants with and without CKD.
Purpose Changes in dietary protein intake metabolically affect kidney functions. However, knowledge on potential adverse consequences of long-term higher protein intake (HPI) for kidney health is lacking. To summarise and evaluate the available evidence for a relation between HPI and kidney diseases, an umbrella review of systematic reviews (SR) was conducted. Methods PubMed, Embase and Cochrane Database of SRs published until 12/2022 were searched for the respective SRs with and without meta-analyses (MA) of randomised controlled trials or cohort studies. For assessments of methodological quality and of outcome-specific certainty of evidence, a modified version of AMSTAR 2 and the NutriGrade scoring tool were used, respectively. The overall certainty of evidence was assessed according to predefined criteria. Results Six SRs with MA and three SRs without MA on various kidney-related outcomes were identified. Outcomes were chronic kidney disease, kidney stones and kidney function-related parameters: albuminuria, glomerular filtration rate, serum urea, urinary pH and urinary calcium excretion. Overall certainty of evidence was graded as ‘possible’ for stone risk not to be associated with HPI and albuminuria not to be elevated through HPI (above recommendations (> 0.8 g/kg body weight/day)) and graded as ‘probable’ or ‘possible’ for most other kidney function-related parameters to be physiologically increased with HPI. Conclusion Changes of the assessed outcomes may have reflected mostly physiological (regulatory), but not pathometabolic responses to higher protein loads. For none of the outcomes, evidence was found that HPI does specifically trigger kidney stones or diseases. However, for potential recommendations long-term data, also over decades, are required.
Background Congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) are the most frequent causes of childhood chronic kidney disease (CKD). Using a large CAKUT cohort, we sought to identify the predictors of CKD and to develop a prediction model that informs a risk-stratified clinical pathway. Methods This was a retrospective cohort study including cases with multicystic dysplastic kidneys (MCDK), unilateral kidney agenesis (UKA), kidney hypoplasia (KH), and posterior urethral valves (PUV). We identified risk factors for CKD (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] <60 ml/min/1.73 m^2) and tested their performance in an adjusted multivariate binary regression model. Prediction probability scores for CKD were used to separate cases likely to develop complications from those not needing specialist follow-up. Results We identified 452 eligible cases of CAKUT with 22% developing CKD. Strongest associations with CKD included primary diagnosis (OR 3.5, 95% CI 2.6–4.6), preterm delivery (OR 2.3, 95% CI 1.2–4.4), non-kidney anomalies (OR 1.8, 95% CI 1.1–3), first eGFR<90 (OR 8.9, 95% CI 4.4–18.1), small kidney size (OR 9, 95% CI 4.9–16.6), and additional kidney anomalies (OR 1.6, 95% CI 1.2–2.8). PUV (OR 4.7, 95% CI 1.5–15.3), first eGFR <90 (OR 4.4, 95% CI 2–9.7), and kidney length to body length ratio <7.9 (OR 4.2, 95% CI 1.9–9.2) were independent predictors of CKD. The regression model had a prediction accuracy of 80% and a prediction probability c-statistic of 0.81. Conclusion Using a large combined CAKUT cohort we identified risk factors for CKD. Our prediction model provides the first steps towards a risk-stratified clinical pathway. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
The kidneys are the most vulnerable organs to severe ischemic insult that results in cellular hypoxia under pathophysiological conditions. Large amounts of oxygen are consumed by the kidneys, mainly to produce energy for tubular reabsorption. Beyond high oxygen demand and the low oxygen supply, different other factors make kidneys vulnerable to ischemia which is deemed to be a major cause of acute kidney injury (AKI). On the other hand, kidneys are capable of sensing and responding to oxygen alternations to evade harms resulting from inadequate oxygen. The hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF) is the main conserved oxygen-sensing mechanism that maintains homeostasis under hypoxia through direct/indirect regulation of several genes that contribute to metabolic adaptation, angiogenesis, energy conservation, erythropoiesis, and so on. In response to oxygen availability, prolyl-hydroxylases (PHDs) control the HIF stability. This review focuses on the oxygen-sensing mechanisms in kidneys, particularly in proximal tubular cells (PTCs) and discusses the molecules involved in ischemic response and metabolic reprogramming. Moreover, the possible roles of non-coding RNAs (microRNAs and long non-coding RNAs) in the development of ischemic AKI are put forward.
Introduction Renal scintigraphy (RS) is occasionally performed to assess the risk of persistent renal failure (PRF) in patients with acute kidney disease (AKD). However, its diagnostic performance has never been assessed. Methods We identified all patients with AKD for whom RS was performed in our institution between 2010 and 2017. PRF was defined as persistently low (< 33% of baseline) estimated glomerular filtration rates (eGFR), 1 year after RS. Nuclear medicine specialists reviewed RS data and rated, for each patient, the likelihood of PRF (“PRF score”). We evaluated the performance to predict PRF (area under the ROC curve (AUC)) of RS-derived parameters such as renal accumulation index, accumulation slope, and new parameters derived from serial kidney activity counts. We tested the ability of those parameters to improve a clinical model including hypertension, diabetes, AKI severity and baseline eGFR. Finally, we conducted sensitivity analyses using alternate PRF definitions. Results Among 97 patients included, 57 (59%) fulfilled the criteria for PRF. The PRF score was able to predict PRF with an AUC of 0.63. Similarly, the accumulation index and accumulation slope respective AUCs were 0.64 and 0.63. None of these parameters were able to improve the performance of the clinical model. Among new parameters, the 3rd/2nd minute activity ratio and 3rd/2nd minute activity slope had fair diagnostic performance (AUC 0.72 and 0.74, respectively) and improved the performance of the clinical model. Results were confirmed in sensitivity analyses. Conclusion Conventional renal scintigraphy can identify patients at high risk of PRF with a high specificity but a low sensitivity. New parameters, with comparable diagnostic abilities can be obtained within three minutes of injection. Graphical abstract 
Children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) have an increased risk of developing kidney involvement. Part of the risk establishes at the beginning of T1DM. In fact, up to 65% of children during T1DM onset may experience an acute kidney injury (AKI) which predisposes to the development of a later chronic kidney disease (CKD). The other part of the risk establishes during the following course of T1DM and could be related to a poor glycemic control and the subsequent development of diabetic kidney disease. In this review, we discuss the acute and chronic effects of T1DM on the kidneys, and the implications of these events on the long-term prognosis of kidney function.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is common in lupus nephritis (LN) and a risk factor for development of chronic kidney disease. In adults with LN, AKI severity correlates with the incidence of kidney failure and patient survival. Data on AKI outcomes in children with LN, particularly those requiring kidney replacement therapy (KRT), are limited. Methods A multicenter, retrospective cohort study was performed in children diagnosed between 2010 and 2019 with LN and AKI stage 3 treated with dialysis (AKI stage 3D). Descriptive statistics were used to characterize demographics, clinical data, and kidney biopsy findings; treatment data for LN were not included. Logistic regression was used to examine the association of these variables with kidney failure. Results Fifty-nine patients (mean age 14.3 years, 84.7% female) were identified. The most common KRT indications were fluid overload (86.4%) and elevated blood urea nitrogen/creatinine (74.6%). Mean follow-up duration was 3.9 ± 2.9 years. AKI recovery without progression to kidney failure occurred in 37.3% of patients. AKI recovery with later progression to kidney failure occurred in 25.4% of patients, and there was no kidney recovery from AKI in 35.6% of patients. Older age, severe (> 50%) tubular atrophy and interstitial fibrosis, and National Institutes of Health (NIH) chronicity index score > 4 on kidney biopsy were associated with kidney failure. Conclusions Children with LN and AKI stage 3D have a high long-term risk of kidney failure. Severe tubular atrophy and interstitial fibrosis at the time of AKI, but not AKI duration, are predictive of kidney disease progression. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Pediatric kidney transplant (KT) using larger, deceased or living donor adult kidneys can be challenging in the pediatric population due to limited space in the retroperitoneum. Liver and native kidney (L/NK) mobilization techniques can be used in smaller and younger transplant recipients to aid in retroperitoneal placement of the renal allograft. Here, we compare the clinical outcomes of pediatric retroperitoneal KT with and without L/NK mobilization. Methods We retrospectively analyzed pediatric renal transplant recipients treated between January 2015 and May 2021. Donor and recipient demographics, intraoperative data, and recipient outcomes were included. Recipients were divided into two groups according to the surgical technique utilized: with L/NK mobilization (Group 1) and without L/NK mobilization (Group 2). Baseline variables were described using frequency distributions for categorical variables and means and standard errors for continuous variables. Tests of association with the likelihood of using L/NK mobilization were performed using standard χ ^2 tests, t tests, and the log-rank test. Results Forty-six pediatric recipients were evaluated and categorized into Group 1 ( n  = 26) and Group 2 ( n  = 20). Recipients in Group 1 were younger (6.7 ± 0.8 years vs. 15. 3 ± 0.7, P  < 0.001), shorter (109.5 ± 3.7 vs. 154.2 ± 3.8 cm, P  < 0.001) and weighed less (21.4 ± 2.0 vs . 48.6 ± 3.4 kg, P  < 0.001) than those in Group 2. Other baseline characteristics did not differ between Groups 1 and 2. One urologic complication was encountered in Group 2; no vascular or surgical complications were observed in either group. Additionally, no stents or drains were used in any of the patients. There were no cases of delayed graft function or graft primary nonfunction. The median follow-up of the study was 24.6 months post-transplant. Two patients developed death-censored graft failure (both in Group 2, P  = 0.22), and there was one death with a functioning graft (in Group 2, P  = 0.21). Conclusions Retroperitoneal liver/kidney mobilization is a feasible and safe technique that facilitates implantation of adult kidney allografts into pediatric transplant recipients with no increased risk of developing post-operative complications, graft loss, or mortality.
Background The effect of low serum uric acid (sUA) levels on kidney function is unclear. This study aimed to clarify the relationship between low sUA levels and the rapid decline in kidney function. Methods We examined the relationship between sUA levels and kidney function decline in health check-up examinees. A total of 10,547 participants were enrolled using data from the Yuport Medical Checkup Center Study between 1998 and 2002 for baseline and data from 2002 to 2006 as the follow-up period in Japan. According to sUA level (mg/dL), we classified the participants into the following six groups: (1) 2.0–2.9 ( n  = 247), (2) 3.0–3.9 ( n  = 1457), (3) 4.0–4.9 ( n  = 2883), (4) 5.0–5.9 ( n  = 2899), (5) 6.0–6.9 ( n  = 2010), and (6) 7.0–7.9 ( n  = 1,051). The relationship between sUA level and rapid decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate (ΔeGFR ≥ 3 mL/min/1.73 m^2/year) was examined using a logistic regression model. Results During study period (5.4 ± 1.6 years), the incidence of rapid eGFR decline for the respective sUA groups (2.0–2.9, 3.0–3.9, 4.0–4.9, 5.0–5.9, 6.0–6.9, 7.0–7.9) were as follows: 4.5%, 4.0%, 2.4%, 3.3%, 3.1%, 3.4%. The crude and adjusted odds ratios (OR) for rapid eGFR decline were significantly higher in the 2.0–2.9 (OR:1.93 and 1.86) and 3.0–3.9 (OR:1.72 and 1.73) groups than in the 4.0–4.9 groups (reference). Stratified analysis of age differences revealed that the detrimental effect of low sUA was not evident in older adults (age ≥ 65 years). Conclusion A lower normal sUA level is related to an increased risk for a rapid decline in kidney function.
Background Kidney transplant is the gold standard for renal replacement therapy in patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD), which is the fourth leading cause of kidney failure. Despite the medical and economic benefits of preemptive kidney transplant over dialysis before transplant, only 9–21% of qualifying patients receive preemptive transplants. Given the low rates of preemptive transplant, the aim of this study was to determine perceived facilitators and barriers to preemptive transplant among ADPKD patients using a qualitative approach. Methods Data were collected between July 2021 and January 2022 from virtual individual semi-structured interviews of 16 adult participants with ADPKD. Qualitative analysis of the recorded interviews was conducted to generate themes. Results Our findings revealed two themes specific for facilitators to preemptive transplant (social support and patient agency) and three themes specific to barriers for preemptive transplant (inadequate social support, gaps in knowledge, and institutional and systemic policies). The results also include various subthemes and the application of these themes to the social ecological model. Conclusions These findings suggest that increasing social support and patient agency, such as through patient navigator programs and encouraging effective communication between health care providers and patients, can facilitate the transplant process. Increasing dissemination of transplant knowledge from institutions and systems to patients through paired kidney exchange education and live donor outreach can also increase timely access to preemptive kidney transplants for patients with ADPKD. Our findings are limited by our single site study in the US, which may not apply to individuals experiencing different social, cultural, and health access conditions.
Background Patients with crescentic glomerulonephritis have a poor prognosis despite immunosuppressive therapy. This study investigated the clinicopathologic features, outcomes, and risk factors in Chinese patients with crescentic glomerulonephritis. Methods The multicenter cohort study included consecutive individuals with crescentic glomerulonephritis and a minimum follow-up of 1 year after biopsy, observed from January 2013 to December 2020. Primary outcome was the occurrence of death or end stage kidney disease (ESKD) for surviving patients. Multivariable adjusted Cox proportional hazards model was applied. Results Of 109 patients enrolled, 73 (67%) suffered primary outcomes, including 39 deaths, and 34 ESKDs among the 70 surviving patients, with a mean follow-up of 26 months. All 26 patients with over 90% glomeruli with crescents reached a primary outcome. Patients with type III crescentic glomerulonephritis had the worst prognosis for primary outcomes (HR, 95% CI for type I vs. type III: 0.29, 0.14–0.58; type II vs. type III: 0.44, 0.22–0.91) and a significantly faster rate of eGFR decline after adjusting for baseline variables. In patients with 75%-100% glomeruli with crescents, the risk of a primary outcome increased nearly fourfold (HR 3.96; 95% CI 2.17–7.23) compared with patients with 50–75% glomeruli with crescents after adjusting for baseline variables. Type of crescentic glomerulonephritis and percentage of cellular and total glomeruli with crescents were independent risk factors for early primary outcomes (within 6 months). Conclusions This study provides new insights into crescentic glomerulonephritis, including a description of the worst outcomes occurring in patients with type III crescentic glomerulonephritis, and suggests that the quantification of the percentage of crescents may be of use for guiding therapeutic decisions, due to their role in identifying the risk of primary outcomes. Graphical abstract 
Background As chronic kidney disease (CKD) has a higher prevalence in patients with obesity, there is an increasing need to understand the safety of bariatric surgery for patients with advanced CKD. This study determined if short-term bariatric surgical outcomes and healthcare utilization differ in patients with advanced CKD. Methods A retrospective analysis of the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project National Inpatient Sample (NIS) was performed. Patients with obesity who underwent bariatric surgery from 2015 to 2019 were included. Patients without CKD, with CKD, and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) were compared for outcome differences. Univariate and multivariable regression was used to determine the association between perioperative outcomes to CKD status. Results The unadjusted analysis found significantly higher mortality and overall complication rate in CKD and ESKD patients, however, after adjustment for confounders, only the ICU admission rate remained significantly higher for patients CKD compared to non-CKD patients (odds ratio 4.21, 95% CI [3.29–5.39]). Length of stay was longer for patients with CKD (mean difference (MD) 0.14 days, 95% CI, [0.04, 0.23]) and patients with ESKD (MD 0.27 days, 95% CI, [0.10, 0.43]) compared to non-CKD patients. Patients with ESKD had higher admission costs compared to non-CKD patients (MD $1982.65). Conclusion Patients with CKD and ESKD have increased healthcare utilization and higher rates of ICU admission after bariatric surgery compared to non-CKD patients. Otherwise, there is no significant difference in other post-operative complications and mortality. Bariatric surgery may therefore be safely offered to this patient population in hospitals with on-site ICU capacity. Graphical Abstract 
Infantile primary hyperoxaluria type 1 (PH1) is the most devastating primary hyperoxaluria (PH) subtype as it leads to early end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) associated with high mortality. We report a case of a three-month-old female Chinese infant who was diagnosed with PH1 by renal biopsy and genetic studies. She carried two heterozygous mutations in the alanine-glyoxylate and serine pyruvate aminotransferase (AGXT) gene, one of which has never been previously reported. The patient had multiple organ failures caused by kidney failure, which was improved by extracorporeal membrane oxygenation and continuous renal replacement therapy. However, her primary disease responded poorly to conservative treatment. Fortunately, after waiting for four months, the patient underwent a successful combined liver-kidney transplantation and has progressed well so far. This case highlights the importance of suspecting PH in infant patients with ESKD of uncertain etiology, as early initiation of therapy prevents poor outcomes.
The prevalence and clinical significance of anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies [ANCAs] in patients with lupus nephritis [LN] is not fully elucidated. Our aim was to determine whether LN patients with ANCA positivity had different clinicopathological features and outcomes compared to ANCA-negative patients. Methods. Among our LN patients we retrospectively selected those who underwent ANCA testing the day of the kidney biopsy and before the start of induction treatment. Clinical/histopathological features at kidney biopsy and renal outcome of ANCA-positive patients were compared with those of ANCA-negative subjects. Results. We included 116 Caucasian LN patients in the study; 16 patients [13.8%] were ANCA-positive. At kidney biopsy, ANCA-positive patients presented more frequently with an acute nephritic syndrome than ANCA-negative ones; the difference however does not reach statistical significance [44 vs. 25%, p  = 0.13]. At histological evaluation, proliferative classes [100% vs 73%; p  = 0.02], class IV [68.8% vs 33%; p  < 0.01] and necrotizing tuft lesions [27 vs 7%, p  = 0.04] were more frequent, and the activity index was higher [10 vs 7; p  = 0.03] in ANCA-positive than in ANCA-negative patients. Despite worse histological features, after a 10-year observation period, there were no significant differences in the number of patients with chronic kidney function impairment (defined as eGFR < 60 mL/min per 1.73 m^2) between the ANCA-positive and negative groups [24.2 vs 26.6%, p  = 0.9]. This could be the result of the more aggressive therapy, with rituximab plus cyclophosphamide, that ANCA-positive patients received more frequently than ANCA-negative ones [25 vs. 1.3%, p  < 0.01]. Conclusions. ANCA-positive LN patients frequently have histological markers of severe activity (proliferative classes and high activity index) that require timely diagnosis and aggressive therapy to limit the development of irreversible chronic kidney damage. Graphical Abstract 
Background We evaluated the diagnostic performance of height-, age- and body surface area (BSA)-based kidney length (KL) percentiles in the identification of at least one small kidney (KL < 3^rd) and in the prediction of reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and/or elevated blood pressure (BP) in children with and without overweight (OW)/obesity(OB). Methods In this cross-sectional study, 744 apparently healthy children (mean age 8.3 years) were recruited in a primary care setting. Clinical data were collected, and serum creatinine and KL were measured. Height-, age- and BSA-based percentiles of KL were calculated and the association of at least one small kidney per subject with reduced eGFR and/or elevated BP was explored by logistic regression. Results Two hundred fifty-seven out of seven hundred forty-four (34.5%) subjects were OW/OB and 127 (17.1%) had reduced eGFR or elevated BP. In separate analyses in children with OW/OB, the KL percentiles calculated on the basis of BSA were lower compared with height- and age-based KL percentiles. Consequently, the prevalence of a small kidney was significantly higher when evaluating percentiles of KL based on BSA compared with other percentiles. In logistic regression analysis, a small kidney was significantly associated with reduced eGFR and/or elevated BP only when using height-based KL percentiles. The KL percentiles according to BSA for the ideal weight (iBSA) showed similar performance compared with height-based percentiles. No differences in the diagnostic performance of different percentiles were found in children with normal weight. Conclusions BSA-based percentiles underestimate KL in children with OW/OB. In these subjects, the use of height-based or iBSA-based percentiles should be preferred. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background The relationship between the lung and kidney investigated in animal and clinical models has demonstrated substantial crosstalk. We aimed to evaluate the association between single vs. concurrent AKI and ARDS and its impact on patient outcomes. Secondly, we aimed to assess whether the order of appearance of these pathologies affected patient outcomes in patients with both diseases. Methods This single-center retrospective cohort study included adult patients admitted to the ICU from January 1, 2007 through May 1, 2018 ( n  = 76,988). Baseline characteristics and outcomes were compared among patients without ARDS or AKI and those with one or both ARDS and AKI. We also assessed outcomes across the order of appearance of these diseases among patients with both AKI and ARDS. Results We enrolled 76,988 unique patients in the final analysis: 47,043 patients with neither AKI nor ARDS, 491 patients with ARDS alone, 27,928 patients with AKI alone, and 1,526 patients with both ARDS and AKI. Patients with both ARDS and AKI had higher ICU (21.2%) and hospital (28.4%) mortality compared to patients with ARDS alone (9.0% ICU mortality, 14.0% hospital mortality) or AKI alone (4.4% ICU mortality, 8.4% hospital mortality) ( p  < 0.001). These findings remained unchanged after adjusting for illness severity and comorbidities. Of the 1136 patients with both AKI and ARDS, 136 (12%) developed AKI first, 303 (27%) ARDS first, and 697 (61%) had simultaneous diseases. Patients who developed ARDS after AKI had significantly increased ICU (29.4%) and hospital (36.8%) mortality compared to patients who developed AKI after ARDS (13.9% ICU mortality, 21.5% hospital mortality) ( p  < 0.001). Conclusions The combination of AKI and ARDS leads to worse outcomes, including longer hospital and ICU lengths of stay, higher mortality, longer kidney replacement therapy, and longer ventilation requirements than in patients with AKI or ARDS alone. Among patients with both diagnoses, those who developed ARDS after AKI had the highest mortality. Graphical abstract 
Aims/hypothesis The aim of this work was to investigate the risk of developing chronic kidney disease (CKD) or end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or pre-existing diabetes among Aboriginal women in the Northern Territory (NT), Australia. Methods We undertook a longitudinal study of linked healthcare datasets. All Aboriginal women who gave birth between 2000 and 2016 were eligible for inclusion. Diabetes status in the index pregnancy was as recorded in the NT Perinatal Data Collection. Outcomes included any stage of CKD and ESKD as defined by ICD-10 coding in the NT Hospital Inpatient Activity dataset between 2000 and 2018. Risk was compared using Cox proportional hazards regression. Results Among 10,508 Aboriginal women, the mean age was 23.1 (SD 6.1) years; 731 (7.0%) had GDM and 239 (2.3%) had pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy. Median follow-up was 12.1 years. Compared with women with no diabetes during pregnancy, women with GDM had increased risk of CKD (9.2% vs 2.2%, adjusted HR 5.2 [95% CI 3.9, 7.1]) and ESKD (2.4% vs 0.4%, adjusted HR 10.8 [95% CI 5.6, 20.8]). Among women with pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy, 29.1% developed CKD (adjusted HR 10.9 [95% CI 7.7, 15.4]) and 9.9% developed ESKD (adjusted HR 28.0 [95% CI 13.4, 58.6]). Conclusions/interpretation Aboriginal women in the NT with GDM or pre-existing diabetes during pregnancy are at high risk of developing CKD and ESKD. Pregnancy presents an important opportunity to identify kidney disease risk. Strategies to prevent kidney disease and address the social determinants of health are needed. Graphical abstract 
Background The Flemish Collaborative Glomerulonephritis Group (FCGG) registry is a population-based kidney biopsy registry that has been including all native kidney biopsies performed in children in Flanders (Belgium), since 2017. Methods From 2017 to 2020, 148 pediatric (< 18 years) native kidney biopsies were included. Each biopsy received a histopathological and final nephrological diagnosis, and concordance between both was assessed. Disease chronicity, summarized by the Mayo Clinic Chronicity Score, was determined on 122 biopsies with > 5 glomeruli. Results Kidney biopsy rate was high (29.0 biopsies per million children per year), median age was 10.0 years (IQR 5.8–14.7), and boys predominated (56.1% males). A total of 140 biopsies (94.6%) showed a representative pathology result. Glomerular disease was most prevalent, with IgA nephropathy/IgA vasculitis (43 biopsies, 29.1%) and minimal change disease (MCD) (29 biopsies, 19.6%) being the overall most frequent diagnoses. In general, diagnostic concordance was high (80.7%). In Alport syndrome and focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS), concordance was lower, as the nephrological diagnosis was often determined by results of genetic analysis. Nephrotic syndrome was the most frequent indication for kidney biopsy (31.8%) and was mainly caused by MCD and FSGS. The degree of disease chronicity on kidney biopsies was generally low, although 27.3% of biopsies with a diagnosis of FSGS showed moderate-to-severe chronic damage. Conclusions The presented epidemiological findings validate data from previous European registry studies and may inspire kidney biopsy registries worldwide to implement novel features such as clinicopathological concordance and chronicity grading. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Little is known about health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in adults after kidney failure during childhood. In this study, we analyzed HRQoL of adults after pediatric kidney failure in Switzerland and investigated socio-demographic and clinical factors associated with HRQoL. Methods In this cohort study, we sent questionnaires to 143 eligible patients registered in the Swiss Pediatric Renal Registry with continuous kidney replacement therapy starting before the age of 18 years. We assessed HRQoL using the Short-Form 36 version 1, compared HRQoL scores between our sample and the Swiss general population, and used linear regression models to examine socio-demographic and clinical factors associated with HRQoL. Results We included 79 patients (response rate 55%) with a mean age of 38.6 years (range 19.4–63.1). Compared to the general population, HRQoL scores were lower for physical functioning (− 12.43, p  < 0.001), role physical (− 13.85, p  = 0.001), general health (− 14.42, p  < 0.001), vitality (− 4.98, p  = 0.035), and physical HRQoL (− 6.11, p  < 0.001), but we found no difference in mental HRQoL (− 0.13, p  = 0.932). The socio-demographic factors—lower education, unemployment, and not being in a relationship—were associated with lower HRQoL. The only clinical factor associated with HRQoL was the type of kidney disease. Patients with acquired kidney diseases had lower mental HRQoL than patients with congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (− 11.4, p  = 0.007) or monogenetic hereditary diseases (− 9.5, p  = 0.018). Conclusions Adults after pediatric kidney failure in Switzerland have lower physical, but similar mental HRQoL compared to the general population. Subgroups may require special attention with regard to their HRQoL. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Renal cyst bleeding is a frequent problem in patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). However, information is still limited on its frequency, causative factors, and effects on enlargement of polycystic kidneys in ADPKD. Methods We investigated the total volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage and its association with total kidney volume (TKV) in a large series of patients with ADPKD on dialysis, referred for renal transcatheter arterial embolization. All patients had undergone CT scan and MRI scan before the procedure. We evaluated factors potentially associated with acute renal intracystic hemorrhage. The association between the  volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage and the potential predisposing and associated factors was analysed by univariable and multivariable regressions.  Results We enrolled 199 patients who underwent renal transcatheter arterial embolization from 2014 to 2018 (107 men, 92 women; mean age 59.1 ± 8.6 years). The median volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage was 97.3 ml (interquartile range 36.6–261.7 ml). Multivariable analysis revealed that body weight, kidney stones, systolic blood pressure, and total volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage were significantly associated with TKV; age, body mass index, smoking, renal cyst infection, serum alkaline phosphatase, and TKV were significantly associated with the volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage ; and sex, age, dialysis vintage, TKV, and total volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage were significantly associated with the number of microcoils required to achieve renal  transcatheter arterial embolization. Total volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage was significantly associated with TKV ( r = 0.15, p = 0.0325) and was greater in younger patients ( r = − 0.32, p < 0.0001). Total volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage was also correlated with the number of microcoils required for renal transcatheter arterial embolization ( r = 0.23, p = 0.0012). Conclusion Acute renal intracystic hemorrhage is frequent among ADPKD patients on dialysis, and total volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage significantly associated with  TKV. Total volume of acute renal intracystic hemorrhage  was greater in younger patients with higher renal artery luminal size. These results suggest that renal cyst bleeding and renal artery blood flow may synergistically accelerate the enlargement of polycystic kidneys in ADPKD patients on dialysis. Graphical abstract 
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major public health problem worldwide. In the pediatric population, CKD is also an important health issue because it causes several comorbid conditions that can have long-term consequences beyond the pediatric age. Chronic inflammation is a common pathological feature of CKD, irrespective of etiology, and leads to maladaptive repair and kidney dysfunction. Tertiary lymphoid tissues (TLTs) are ectopic lymphoid structures that develop in non-lymphoid organs under chronic inflammation caused by pathological conditions, including infections, autoimmune diseases, and cancers. TLTs in the kidneys have been poorly researched due to the lack of an animal model. We have recently found that, in aged but not young mice, TLTs develop in multiple kidney injury models, and the analysis of age-dependent TLTs has brought about several novel insights into the development and pathogenic impacts of TLTs in the kidney. Age-dependent TLT formation is also observed in human kidneys. In addition to aged kidneys, TLT development is also reported in several human kidney diseases including kidney allografts, lupus nephritis, and IgA nephropathy in both adults and children. In this review, we describe the novel findings on TLTs in the kidney obtained mainly from the analysis of age-dependent TLTs and discuss the clinical relevance of TLTs in kidney diseases.
Background Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) and hyperglycaemia without ketoacidosis are common acute complications of diabetes. Their association with acute kidney injury (AKI) and diabetic kidney disease (DKD) was studied. Methods The study group consisted of 197 children with type 1 diabetes with average diabetes duration of 8.08 ± 2.32 years. The medical history of the patients was retrospectively reviewed. The number of children with severe hyperglycaemia, DKA and AKI was assessed. The association with the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD) was analysed. Results AKI was found in 14% of cases hospitalised for DKA and 8% of cases hospitalised for hyperglycaemia. Patients with AKI showed a significantly increased corrected sodium (141.23 ± 5.09 mmol/L, p  = 0.035). Patients with AKI in DKA showed a significant increase in WBC (20.73 ± 8.71 × 10^3/µL, p  = 0.0009). Follow-up analysis after a minimum of 5 years of diabetes revealed that a single episode of DKA was found in 63 patients and a single episode of AKI in 18 patients. Two or more episodes of DKA were found in 18 patients, and nine cases were complicated by AKI. These patients showed a significant increase in urinary albumin excretion (44.20 ± 64.21 mg/24 h), the highest values of eGFR and the worst glycaemic control. Conclusions Diabetic children can develop AKI in the course of DKA and hyperglycaemia without ketoacidosis, which is associated with volume depletion and reflected by corrected sodium concentration. AKI in DKA seems to be complicated by stress and inflammation activation. AKI and poor glycaemic control with repeated DKA episodes can magnify the risk of progression to DKD. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Parathyroid hormone (PTH) and fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) each play a central role in the pathogenesis of chronic kidney disease-mineral and bone disorder (CKD-MBD). Both hormones increase as kidney function declines, presumably as a response to maintain normal phosphate balance, but when patients reach kidney failure, PTH and FGF23 fail to exert their phosphaturic effects, leading to hyperphosphatemia and further elevations in PTH and FGF23. In patients with kidney failure, the major target organ for PTH is the bone, but elevated PTH is also associated with mortality presumably through skeletal and nonskeletal mechanisms. Indeed, accumulated evidence suggests improved survival with PTH-lowering therapies, and a more recent study comparing parathyroidectomy and calcimimetic treatment further suggests a notion of “the lower, the better” for PTH control. Emerging data suggest that the link between SHPT and mortality could in part be explained by the action of PTH to induce adipose tissue browning and wasting. In the absence of a functioning kidney, the classical target organ for FGF23 is the parathyroid gland, but FGF23 loses its hormonal effect to suppress PTH secretion owing to the depressed expression of parathyroid Klotho. In this setting, experimental data suggest that FGF23 exerts adverse nontarget effects, but it remains to be confirmed whether FGF23 directly contributes to multiple organ injury in patients with kidney failure and whether targeting FGF23 can improve patient outcomes. Further efforts should be made to determine whether intensive control of SHPT improves clinical outcomes and whether nephrologists should aim at controlling FGF23 levels just as with PTH levels.
Background Few studies describe acute kidney injury (AKI) burden during paediatric cisplatin therapy and post-cisplatin kidney outcomes. We determined risk factors for and rate of (1) AKI during cisplatin therapy, (2) chronic kidney disease (CKD) and hypertension 2–6 months post-cisplatin, and (3) whether AKI is associated with 2–6-month outcomes. Methods This prospective cohort study enrolled children (aged < 18 years at cancer diagnosis) treated with cisplatin from twelve Canadian hospitals. AKI during cisplatin therapy (primary exposure) was defined based on Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) serum creatinine criteria (≥ stage one). Severe electrolyte abnormalities (secondary exposure) included ≥ grade three hypophosphatemia, hypokalemia, or hypomagnesemia (National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events v4.0). CKD was albuminuria or decreased kidney function for age (KDIGO guidelines). Hypertension was defined based on the 2017 American Academy of Pediatrics guidelines. Results Of 159 children (median [interquartile range [IQR]] age: 6 [2–12] years), 73/159 (46%) participants developed AKI and 55/159 (35%) experienced severe electrolyte abnormalities during cisplatin therapy. At median [IQR] 90 [76–110] days post-cisplatin, 53/119 (45%) had CKD and 18/128 (14%) developed hypertension. In multivariable analyses, AKI was not associated with 2–6-month CKD or hypertension. Severe electrolyte abnormalities during cisplatin were associated with having 2–6-month CKD or hypertension (adjusted odds ratio (AdjOR) [95% CI]: 2.65 [1.04–6.74]). Having both AKI and severe electrolyte abnormalities was associated with 2–6-month hypertension (AdjOR [95% CI]: 3.64 [1.05–12.62]). Conclusions Severe electrolyte abnormalities were associated with kidney outcomes. Cisplatin dose optimization to reduce toxicity and clear post-cisplatin kidney follow-up guidelines are needed. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are among the most common class of drugs utilized for a variety of disorders, including headaches, pain states, fever, and other common conditions. In recent years, a link between NSAIDs and adverse effects has been identified, including renal, heart, and liver disease, bleeding, and increased mortality. NSAID-mediated renal disease is associated with interference with the cyclooxygenase enzyme. Literature evaluating NSAID renal effects has indicated that a number of factors are associated with acute and chronic kidney injury (AKI). Early diagnosis can identify changes in renal function and allow for cessation of NSAID use, limiting the risk for long-term chronic renal disease and in some cases reversal of renal injury. Alternative medications should be considered in those patients identified with morbidity linked to NSAID use. Nephrotoxicity is increased in the elderly population and in hypovolemia, high dose exposure, use of vasoconstrictors such as calcineurin inhibitors, and use of renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system (RAAS) inhibitors or diuretics. Careful risk/benefit considerations from healthcare professionals can limit the incidence and degree of morbidity and mortality, including in NSAID-mediated renal disease. Selective NSAID cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors also possess risks and therefore clinicians should always recommend short-term courses of this class of drugs versus long-term dosing because of the risk of morbidity and mortality. Given that these drugs are available over the counter as well by prescribing, clinicians must communicate the risks and benefits of NSAIDs and provide sound recommendations to their patients regarding use short and long term.
Cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence is high in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and is the most frequent cause of mortality in this population. Advanced age, hypertension, uremic toxins, endothelial dysfunction, atherosclerosis, hyperhomocysteinemia, oxidative stress, and inflammation are among the leading causes of increased CVD in advanced stages of CKD. Although defined as a decrease in muscle strength associated with aging, sarcopenia is also prevalent in CKD patients. Sarcopenia causes physical disability, low quality of life, and mortality. Regular exercise and nutritional supplementation may slow the progression of sarcopenia. Recent studies have shown that sarcopenia increases the risk of CVD and mortality in people with or without kidney disease. This review discusses the relationship between sarcopenia and CVD in light of the current literature.
A multicenter retrospective study was conducted to assess the clinical spectrum of 30 severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2)-positive children with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome. Difficult to treat nephrotic syndrome was found to be a high-risk group with a high incidence of acute kidney injury and mortality.
Background The primary hyperoxalurias (PH1-3) are rare inherited disorders of the glyoxylate metabolism characterized by endogenous overproduction of oxalate. As oxalate cannot be metabolized by humans, oxalate deposits may affect various organs, primarily the kidneys, bones, heart, and eyes. Vision loss induced by severe retinal deposits is commonly seen in infantile PH1; less frequently and milder retinal alterations are found in non-infantile PH1. Retinal disease has not systematically been investigated in patients with PH2 and PH3. Methods A comprehensive ophthalmic examination was performed in 19 genetically confirmed PH2 ( n  = 7) and PH3 ( n  = 12) patients (median age 11 years, range 3–59). Results Median best corrected visual acuity was 20/20. In 18 patients, no retinal oxalate deposits were found. A 30-year-old male with PH2 on maintenance hemodialysis with plasma oxalate (Pox) elevation (> 100 µmol/l; normal < 7.4) demonstrated bilateral drusen-like, hyperreflective deposits which were interpreted as crystallized oxalate. Two siblings of consanguineous parents with PH2 presented with retinal degeneration and vision loss; exome-wide analysis identified a second monogenic disease, NR2E3 -associated retinal dystrophy. Conclusions Retinal disease manifestation in PH2 and PH3 is rare but mild changes can occur at least in PH2-associated kidney failure. Decline in kidney function associated with elevated plasma oxalate levels could increase the risk of systemic oxalosis. Deep phenotyping combined with genomic profiling is vital to differentiate extrarenal disease in multisystem disorders such as PH from independent inherited (retinal) disease. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Objectives To investigate the association of computed tomography-assessed body composition with survival outcomes of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) received immunotherapy. Methods In this multicenter, retrospective study, we reviewed 251 mRCC patients who received anti-PD1 from five centers. We analyzed the relationship between BMI, skeletal muscle area (SM), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), visceral adipose tissue (VAT), and subcutaneous adipose percentage (SAT%) with progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). The spatial localization T cells was investigated by multiplex immunofluorescence. Results Among 224 evaluable patients, 23 (10.3%) patients were underweight, 118 (52.7%) had normal weight, 65 (29%) were overweight, and 18 patients (8%) were obese. The median age was 55 years and most patients were male (71%). No significant improvement in PFS (HR, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.27–1.42) or OS (HR, 1.09; 95% CI, 0.38–3.13) was observed for the obese patients. Besides, SM, VAT, and SAT were not associated with survival outcomes (all p > 0.05). Interestingly, SAT% independently predicted PFS (as continuous variable, HR: 0.02; 95% CI, 0.01–0.11) and OS (HR:0.05; 95% CI, 0.01–0.39), which remained significant in multivariate modeling (as continuous variable, adjusted HR for PFS, 0.01; 95% CI, 0.00–0.04; adjusted HR for OS, 0.08; 95% CI, 0.01–0.72). These associations were consistent in subgroup analysis of different gender, BMI, PD-L1 positive, and sarcopenia group. Tumor of high SAT% patients had a higher intratumoral PD1^+ CD8^+ T cell density and ratio. Conclusion High SAT% predicts better outcomes in mRCC patients treated with anti-PD1 and T cell location may account for the better response. Key Points • CT-based subcutaneous adipose percentage independently predicted progression-free survival and overall survival. • Patients with a higher subcutaneous adipose percentage had a higher intratumoral PD1 ^ + CD8 ^ + T cell density and ratio.
A 72-year-old Japanese woman was treated by 3000 mg/day of valacyclovir for the herpes zoster in her left back. She had been treated as hypertension with no renal insufficiency. In two days, she visited an emergency room of a regional stroke care center with dysarthria, dexterity disorder and gait disturbance. Neither head CT nor MRI found intracranial lesions, then, laboratory tests revealed that her serum creatinine level was 4.63 mg/dL. She was transferred and admitted to our hospital on the following day and received hemodialysis under the diagnosis of AKI due to acyclovir accompanied with encephalopathy. Afterward, her serum concentration of acyclovir revealed as 44 μg/mL, which is extremely high. Her neurological symptom disappeared in parallel with the decrease of serum concentration of acyclovir. She received 3 sessions of hemodialysis and discharged on the 8th day of admission with almost normal renal function and no neurological sequela.
Background Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is associated with significant risk of forming kidney stones, especially those made of calcium oxalate and uric acid, compared with the general population. Since crystals are able to activate the inflammasome and lead to cell injury, crystalluria might worsen ADPKD natural history, acting as a third hit. Methods The Bern ADPKD registry is a prospective observational cohort study. Height-adjusted total kidney volume (ht-TKV) was measured at baseline and every 3 years. Twenty-four hour urinary solute excretions collected at baseline and eGFR measurements over time were included in this analysis. Twenty-four hour urinary supersaturations (SS) for calcium oxalate, calcium phosphate and uric acid were calculated using EQUIL-2. Linear regression models were used to assess linear and non-linear associations between slopes of ht-TKV and eGFR with SSs and 24 h urinary solute excretions. Results Seventy-seven participants (mean age 45.0 [SD 12.9] years, eGFR 76.4 [28.3] mL/min/1.73 m^2) were included, with a median follow-up of 4 years. The median slopes of ht-TKV and eGFR were 3.9 percent/year and 2.9 mL/min/1.73 m^2/year, respectively. SS for uric acid showed a direct, linear association ( p value for linearity 0.035) with ht-TKV slope. When analyzing individual components, urinary uric acid, ammonium, magnesium and sulfate were all directly associated with ht-TKV slope. Urinary sulfate was also directly associated with eGFR slope. Conclusions Uric acid supersaturation and several other urinary components are identified as predictors of cyst growth in patients with ADPKD. Future studies with a dedicated design are needed to investigate the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying these associations.
Ethylene oxide (EO) is known to cause inflammatory damage, and suitable physical activity can reportedly affect the risk of kidney stones. In this study, we aimed to investigate the relationship between EO and kidney stones and whether physical activity can potentially influence the relationship between EO and kidney stones. Overall, 3,336 adult participants were included; of them, 330 (9.9%) had a self-reported history of kidney stones. Data were obtained from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2013–2016. Physical activity was calculated using metabolic equivalent, weekly frequency, and duration. Logistic regression and restricted cubic spline (RCS) curves were used to explore the association between physical activity, EO, and kidney stones. Dose–response curves from the RCS showed a nonlinear positive association between EO and kidney stones. Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed an adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of 1.548 (95% confidence interval 1.123–2.135, P = 0.008) for the risk of kidney stones among participants in the highest quartile (Q4) group compared with those in the lowest quartile (Q1) group. Furthermore, compared to the Q1 group, the aOR for risk of kidney stones in the Q4 group was 1.326 in participants without physical activity, a decreased risk (aOR 1.239) in participants with low physical activity, and an increased risk (aOR 1.981) in those with high physical activity. This study suggests that EO is a risk factor for kidney stones and that suitable physical activity may moderate this relationship to some extent; however, excessive physical activity can exacerbate this relationship. Graphical Abstract 
Purpose The loss of skeletal muscle mass and muscle strength is common in patients suffering from chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) undergoing dialysis. The purpose of this study was to conduct a meta-analysis to explore the relationship between physical functional performance and all-cause mortality in CKD and ESRD patients undergoing dialysis. Methods A systematic literature search was conducted on an electronic database up to January 2022, and all data were analyzed using RevMan5 (version 5.3). Results Totally, 19 studies involving 6908 patients were enrolled for analysis. Patients with poor physical functional performance in the handgrip strength (HGS) (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.99, P  < 0.00001), gait speed (HR = 2.45, P  = 0.0005), 6 m walk test (HR = 2.94, P  < 0.01), and timed up and go test (HR = 1.69, P  = 0.02) showed increased risk of all-cause mortality than those with good physical functional performance. In continuous analyses, both per 1 kg increase in HGS (95% CI 0.94–0.98; P  < 0.00001; I ^2 = 47%) and per 1 SD increase in HGS (HR = 0.47 95% CI 0.35–0.64; P  < 0.0001; I ^2 = 35%) were significantly associated with lower all-cause mortality. Conclusion The present meta-analysis demonstrated that poor physical function outcomes, including grip strength, gait speed, 6MWT, and TUG test, were significantly associated with high all-cause mortality in patients with CKD and ESRD.
Background The risk of various types of kidney disease is significantly increased in the presence of APOL1 high-risk genotype (carriage of two risk alleles), particularly HIV-associated nephropathy (HIVAN). However, there are discrepancies in the existing evidence about the level of association between APOL1 high-risk genotype and the risk of kidney diseases in people living with HIV (PLWHIV). Methods This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to assess the relationship between the APOL1 genotypes and kidney disease in the HIV population. An a priori protocol registered on PROSPERO (ID: CRD42021253877), was followed by a systematic search of five electronic databases. Database-specific search terms were used to identify observational studies that evaluated the outcomes chosen in the review, based on a set of prespecified eligibility criteria. Using a random effect model, the odds ratios (ORs) and their corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were pooled for the meta-analysis. Results After screening 4418 citations, 14 articles comprising 11,069 participants were included in this review. The risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in the HIV positive population was significantly increased in the presence of two APOL1 risk alleles (OR 4.65 [95% CI 3.51–6.15]). Also, a significant association was observed between the carriage of two risk APOL1 variants and proteinuria (OR 2.58 [95% CI 2.05–3.25]), HIVAN (OR 16.67 [95% CI 10.22–27.19]), and progression to end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) hazard ratio: 1.79 (95% CI 1.20–2.66). Conclusion This review highlights a strong association between the presence of two risk APOL1 variants and an increased risk of kidney disease in PLWHIV, and provides a more precise estimate of the effect size, with smaller 95% CIs for CKD, HIVAN, and progression to ESKD.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a known independent risk factor for morbidity/mortality but there is scarcity of robust data on it among childhood nephrotic syndrome (NS). We assessed the incidence of AKI among hospitalized children with NS as well as looked for any significant risk factors. Prospective observational study conducted across two tertiary pediatric hospitals in Eastern India from September 2020 to August 2021. Children aged 1–18 years admitted with NS and without any nephritic features or pre-existing chronic kidney disease (CKD) were included. In 200 admissions ( n  = 176; 63% female, median age 4 years [IQR: 3–7]), AKI occurred in 36 (18%; 95% CI 13 to 36%). Two children required kidney replacement therapy and one death was recorded. In 27/36 (75%), AKI resolved within 48 h, 4 had persistent AKI, 3 acute kidney disease, and two progressed to CKD. On multivariate regression analysis: fractional excretion of sodium ≤ 0.2% (OR 12.77; 95% CI 3.5–46.4), male gender (OR 6.38; 95% CI 2.76–14.74), underlying infection (OR 5.44; 95% CI 2.4–11.86), nephrotoxic drugs (OR 4.83; 95% CI 2.21–10.54), and albumin ≤ 1.4 g/dl (OR 4.35; 95% CI 1.55–12.8) were associated with AKI. A predictive equation using these five variables on admission had high AUC (0.86) in correctly identifying 17 children who subsequently developed AKI.   Conclusion : In a low resource setting, AKI is common among hospitalized children with NS. Larger multi-center prospective studies are needed to refine prediction equations and test its utility in preventing AKI development. What is Known: • Acute Kidney Injury is a known independent risk factor for increased morbidity and mortality. • There are few studies to assess the incidence of Acute kidney injury in hospitalised cases of childhood nephrotic syndrome.. What is New: • This is the largest prospective cohort of children suffering from nephrotic syndrome, in India, proposing a novel algorithm for predicting the risk of AKI among hospitalised cases of childhood nephrotic syndrome. Graphical Abstract 
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is common in critically ill patients, affecting almost one in four critically ill children and one in three neonates. Higher stages of AKI portend worse outcomes. Identifying AKI timely and instituting appropriate measures to prevent and manage severe AKI is important, since it is independently associated with mortality. Methods to predict severe AKI should be applied to all critically ill patients. Assessment of volume status to prevent the development of fluid overload is useful to prevent adverse outcomes. Patients with metabolic or clinical complications of AKI need prompt kidney replacement therapy (KRT). Various modes of KRT are available, and the choice of modality depends most on the technical competence of the center, patient size, and hemodynamic stability. Given the significant risk of chronic kidney disease, patients with AKI require long-term follow-up. It is important to focus on improving awareness about AKI, incorporate AKI prevention as a quality initiative, and improve detection, prevention, and management of AKI with the aim of reducing acute and long-term morbidity and mortality.
Purpose Secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT) of renal origin is a progressive complication in chronic kidney disease (CKD) and is associated with serious osseous and non-osseous complications, CKD progression, and economic burden for healthcare systems worldwide. We aimed at assessing characteristics, healthcare resource utilization, and costs of incident SHPT patients in CKD stage 3 (CKD3) and 4 (CKD4), using administrative claims data. Methods German claims data were used to identify CKD3 and CKD4 patients, who were stratified by the occurrence of incident SHPT. Patients with SHPT were matched 1:1 to non-SHPT patients with the same CKD stage using propensity scores. Matched groups were compared during a 2-year follow-up period. Results Overall, 1156 CKD3 and 517 CKD4 incident SHPT patients and their respective matches were identified. Mean number of all-cause hospitalizations were significantly higher among SHPT patients (2.7 vs. 2.0 in CKD3, 2.8 vs. 1.5 in CKD4) during follow-up. Similarly, the mean number of outpatient encounters was significantly higher among the SHPT cohorts (95.0 vs. 64.3 in CKD3, 101.4 vs. 49.8 in CKD4). SHPT patients progressed to CKD5 more often (6.1% vs. 1.2% from CKD3, 26.7% vs. 2.9% from CKD4, both P  < 0.01) resulting in a higher proportion of dialysis (6.1% vs. 1.3% in CKD3, 22.1% vs. 3.7% in CKD4, both P  < 0.01). Consequently, average all-cause healthcare costs significantly increased per patient (€19,477 vs. €15,115 in CKD3, €25,921 vs. €12,265 in CKD4). Conclusions Patients with CKD3&4 and incident SHPT of renal origin presented with significantly higher healthcare resource utilization and costs, as well as increased disease progression compared to non-SHPT patients.
Purpose Obesity is associated with increased incidence of kidney stones, a risk further increased by metabolic and bariatric surgery, particularly after procedures with a malabsorptive component. However, there is a paucity in reports on baseline risk factor and on larger population-based cohorts. The objective was to evaluate incidence and risk factors for kidney stones after bariatric surgery by comparing them to an age-, sex-, and geographically matched cohort from the normal population. Material and Methods Patients operated with primary Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB), sleeve gastrectomy (SG), or biliopancreatic diversion with duodenal switch (BPD-DS) from 2007 until 2017 within the Scandinavian Obesity Surgery registry were matched 1:10 to controls from the normal population. Hospital admission or outpatient visits due to kidney stones registered in the National Patient Registry were considered as endpoint. Results The study included 58,366 surgical patients (mean age 41.0±11.1, BMI 42.0±5.68, 76% women) with median follow-up time 5.0 [IQR 2.9–7.0] years and 583,660 controls. All surgical procedures were associated with a significantly increased risk for kidney stones (RYGB, HR 6.16, [95% CI 5.37–7.06]; SG, HR 6.33, [95% CI 3.57–11.25]; BPD/DS, HR 10.16, [95% CI 2.94–35.09]). Higher age, type 2 diabetes hypertension at baseline, and a preoperative history of kidney stones were risk factors for having a postoperative diagnosis of kidney stones. Conclusion Primary RYGB, SG, and BPD/DS were all associated with a more than sixfold increased risk for postoperative kidney stones. The risk increased with advancing age, two common obesity-related conditions, and among patients with preoperative history of kidney stones. Graphical Abstract 
Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have become the standard treatment for many types of cancer and have improved patient prognosis. However, ICIs upregulate the immune system against tumors, leading to immune-related adverse events (irAEs). Kidney irAEs are less common, and most of them are acute tubulointerstitial nephritis (ATIN). However, there has been a recent increase in recognition of glomerular disease related to ICI therapies. We report the case of a 65-year-old man with lung adenocarcinoma who was treated with pembrolizumab (a monoclonal antibody targeting programmed cell death protein-1 [PD-1]). Pembrolizumab was discontinued after seven cycles due to the development of destructive thyroiditis. Within three months of discontinuing the pembrolizumab treatment, the patient developed rapid progressive glomerulonephritis (RPGN), liver dysfunction, and dysgeusia. The patient underwent renal biopsy and was diagnosed with crescentic glomerulonephritis due to anti-glomerular basement membrane (GBM) antibodies complicated with membranous nephropathy (MN) and ATIN. Treatment with systemic corticosteroids resulted in a favorable clinical response. Various ICI-associated glomerular diseases have been described; however, this is the first reported case of anti-GBM glomerulonephritis associated with MN and ATIN following ICI treatment.
Purpose Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is a renal disease with genetic transmisson. Mutations in the PKD1 and PKD2 genes, which encode integral membrane proteins of the cilia of primary renal tubule epithelial cells, are seen in ADPKD. The aim of this study was to evaluate the sinonasal epithelium, which is epithelium with cilia, by measuring the nasal mucociliary clearance time, and to investigate the effect of ADPKD on nasal mucociliary clearance. Methods The study included 34 patients, selected from patients followed up in the Nephrology Clinic, and 34 age and gender-matched control group subjects. The nasal mucociliary clearance time (NMCT) was measured with the saccharin test. Results The mean age of the study subjects was 47.15 ± 14.16 years in the patient group and 47.65 ± 13.85 years in the control group. The eGFR rate was determined as mean 72.06 ± 34.26 mL/min in the patient group and 99.79 ± 17.22 mL/min in the control group ( p  < 0.001). The NMCT was determined to be statistically significantly longer in the patient group (903.6 ± 487.8 s) than in the control group (580 ± 259 s) ( p  = 0.006). Conclusions The study results showed that the NMCT was statistically significantly longer in patients with ADPKD compared to the control group, but in the linear regression analysis results, no correlation was determined between eGFR and NMCT.
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has a significant impact on sickle cell disease (SCD) morbidity and mortality. Early identification of individuals at highest risk of developing CKD may allow therapeutic intervention to prevent worse outcomes. This study aimed to evaluate the prevalence and risk factors for reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) among adults with SCD in Brazil. Participants in the REDS-III multicenter SCD cohort with more severe genotypes aged ≥ 18 years with at least two serum creatinine values were analyzed. The eGFR was calculated using the Jamaica Sickle Cell Cohort Study GFR equation. The eGFR categories were defined according to the K/DOQI. Participants with eGFR ≥ 90 were compared to those with those with eGFR < 90. Among the 870 participants, 647 (74.4%) had eGFR ≥ 90, 211 (24.3%) had eGFR 60 to 89, six (0.7%) had eGFR 30 to 59, and six (0.7%) had ESRD. Male sex (OR: 37.3; 95%CI: 22.4–65.1), higher age (OR: 1.04; 95%CI: 1.02–1.06), higher diastolic blood pressure (OR: 1.03; 95%CI: 1.009–1.06), lower Hb (OR: 0.80; 95%CI: 0.68–0.93), and lower reticulocytes (OR: 0.94; 95%CI: 0.89–0.99) levels were independently associated with eGFR < 90. There was a trend towards higher odds of death in participants with eGFR < 90 (OR: 1.8; 95%CI: 0.95–3.32; p  = 0.065). In turn, participants with eGFR < 60 had a 12.2 (95%CI: 2.1–96.9) times higher odds for death when compared to those with eGFR ≥ 60. In this study, eGFR < 90 was observed in one-quarter of adults. Older age, male sex, higher diastolic blood pressure, lower hemoglobin, and lower reticulocyte levels were associated with occurrence of eGFR < 90. Estimated GFR < 60 increased the risk of mortality.
Previous studies have shown mitochondrial dysfunction in various acute kidney injuries and chronic kidney diseases. Lipoic acid exerts potent effects on oxidant stress and modulation of mitochondrial function in damaged organ. In this study we investigated whether alpha lipoamide (ALM), a derivative of lipoic acid, exerted a renal protective effect in a type 2 diabetes mellitus mouse model. 9-week-old db/db mice were treated with ALM (50 mg·kg^−1·d^−1, i.g) for 8 weeks. We showed that ALM administration did not affect blood glucose levels in db/db mice, but restored renal function and significantly improved fibrosis of kidneys. We demonstrated that ALM administration significantly ameliorated mitochondrial dysfunction and tubulointerstitial fibrotic lesions, along with increased expression of CDX2 and CFTR and decreased expression of β-catenin and Snail in kidneys of db/db mice. Similar protective effects were observed in rat renal tubular epithelial cell line NRK-52E cultured in high-glucose medium following treatment with ALM (200 μM). The protective mechanisms of ALM in diabetic kidney disease (DKD) were further explored: Autodock Vina software predicted that ALM could activate RXRα protein by forming stable hydrogen bonds. PROMO Database predicted that RXRα could bind the promoter sequences of CDX2 gene. Knockdown of RXRα expression in NRK-52E cells under normal glucose condition suppressed CDX2 expression and promoted phenotypic changes in renal tubular epithelial cells. However, RXRα overexpression increased CDX2 expression which in turn inhibited high glucose-mediated renal tubular epithelial cell injury. Therefore, we reveal the protective effect of ALM on DKD and its possible potential targets: ALM ameliorates mitochondrial dysfunction and regulates the CDX2/CFTR/β-catenin signaling axis through upregulation and activation of RXRα. Schematic figure illustrating that ALM alleviates diabetic kidney disease by improving mitochondrial function and upregulation and activation of RXRα, which in turn upregulated CDX2 to exert an inhibitory effect on β-catenin activation and nuclear translocation. RTEC renal tubular epithelial cell. ROS Reactive oxygen species. RXRα Retinoid X receptor-α. Mfn1 Mitofusin 1. Drp1 dynamic-related protein 1. MDA malondialdehyde. 4-HNE 4-hydroxynonenal. T-SOD Total-superoxide dismutase. CDX2 Caudal-type homeobox transcription factor 2. CFTR Cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator. EMT epithelial mesenchymal transition. α-SMA Alpha-smooth muscle actin. ECM extracellular matrix. DKD diabetic kidney disease. Schematic figure was drawn by Figdraw ( www.figdraw.com ).
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a clinically common kidney disease. Age is an important factor that contributes to the susceptibility to AKI. Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) are a promising therapy for AKI, and miRNAs in exosomes (Exos) derived from MSCs are an important aspect of MSC treatment. However, the therapeutic effect of miRNA from MSC-derived Exos on AKI and the related mechanism have not been fully clarified. Whether there is a relationship between the mechanisms of senescence for AKI susceptibility and the therapeutic effect of MSCs has not been studied. We compared the degree of cisplatin-induced AKI injury in young and elderly mice and investigated changes in the expression of p53 and markers of DNA damage and apoptosis, which are important in both senescence and AKI. Ageing mice exhibited increased expression of p53 and pro-apoptosis markers. Upregulation of the senescence-associated DNA damage/p53 pathway may be an important susceptibility factor for cisplatin-induced AKI. Treatment with MSCs can reduce the degree of DNA damage and suppress p53 expression and apoptosis. Upon screening for differentially expressed miRNAs, let-7b-5p levels were found to be lower in aged mice than in young mice, and MSC treatment increased let-7b-5p levels. The presence of let-7b-5p in MSC-derived Exos alleviates tubular epithelial cell apoptosis by inhibiting p53, which reduces DNA damage and apoptosis pathway activity. Let-7b-5p downregulation may lead to increased renal AKI susceptibility, thus indicating that this miRNA is a potential driver of the MSC treatment response in AKI.
Kidneys are the functional units of our body. They assist in body balance by filtering the wastes, toxins, and excess water from the bloodstream and are carried out of the body through urine. If the kidney loses its functionality, then it leads to alarming health disorders in an individual. Often the symptoms of kidney disease are found very seldom. That being the case, most of the diseases are identified at the critical stages. Identifying the disease itself is inadequate for curing the disease but also the exact level of the disease parameters needs to be identified to predict and analyze the stage of the disease which is detected. Exact detection and analysis of the disease is impossible to do accurately by humans i.e., doctors. So, for accurate detection and analysis of chronic kidney disease (CKD), we take the aid of machine learning techniques that include various algorithms like classifiers K-Nearest Neighbor (KNN), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Regression techniques like Linear Regression, Decision Trees, etc. All the machine learning replicas are trained using the dataset of CKD and their performance is compared to the best of them which gives more veracity and is considered the best classifier for the estimation and analysis of CKD. This survey analyzes and studies the diverse contributions of CKD detection models using various machine learning algorithms. This paper depicts different machine learning algorithms which contribute for the detection of CKD accurately. Moreover it is observed that the results of algorithms vary due to the variation in datasets considered for different algorithms.
Apoptosis of kidney tubular epithelial cells contributes to diabetic kidney disease (DKD) pathophysiology, but the mechanisms are not fully understood. Zinc transporter protein member 8 (ZnT8, SLC30A8) is a susceptive gene in diabetes. Here, we aim to investigate whether ZnT8 has effects on pathophysiology of DKD. The animal groups include control, ZnT8KO mice, STZ-induced, and ZnT8-KO-STZ. STZ-induced DKD was performed in male C57BL/6 J mice and in ZnT8-KO mice. High glucose (HG)–induced apoptosis in a normal rat kidney tubular epithelial cell line (NRK-52E cells) was performed in vitro. Transfection of hZnT8-EGFP or TNFAIP3 siRNA was done in NRK-52E cells. Flow cytometry with Annexin V-FITC/PI double staining and TUNEL analysis was performed for the detection of apoptosis. Gene expression at mRNA and protein levels was examined with real-time RT-PCR and Western blot. Urine albumin to creatinine ratio, proinflammatory cytokines, and apoptosis were enhanced in kidneys of STZ and ZnT8-KO-STZ mice compared to control or ZnT8-KO mice. ZnT8 overexpression after hZnT8-EGFP transfection decreased HG-stimulated inflammatory activity and apoptosis in NRK-52E cells. Furthermore, treatment with ZnSO_4 blunted HG-induced apoptosis and NF-κB activation. ZnSO_4 increased the abundance of zinc-finger protein TNF-α-induced protein 3 (TNFAIP3). Also, ZnT8 over-expression after hZnT8-EGFP transfection significantly ameliorates HG-induced NF-κB-dependent transcriptional activity and apoptotic protein expressions in NRK-52E cells, but the inhibitory effect of ZnT8 was significantly abolished with TNFAIP3 siRNA. Our study provides evidence that ZnT8 has protective effects against apoptosis of renal tubular epithelial cells through induction of TNFAIP3 and subsequent suppression of the NF-κB pathway.
Background Renin and angiotensin system inhibitors (RAASi) and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2i) are recommended for patients with diabetic kidney disease (DKD) to reduce the progression to end-stage kidney disease; however, they are under-prescribed. Objective To evaluate the frequency of care gaps in RAASi and SGLT2i prescription by patient demographic, health system, and clinical factors in patients with DKD. Design Retrospective cohort study. Participants Adult primary care patients with DKD at an integrated health system in Bronx, NY, with 23 primary care sites in 2021. Main Measures The odds of having a care gap for (1) SGLT2i or (2) RAASi prescription. Multivariate logistic regression models were performed for each outcome measure to evaluate associations with patient demographic, health system, and clinical factors. Key Results Of 7199 patients with DKD, 80.3% had a care gap in SGLT2i prescription and 42.0% had a care gap in RAASi prescription. For SGLT2i, patients with A1C at goal (aOR 2.32, 95% CI 1.96–2.73), Black non-Hispanic race/ethnicity (aOR 1.46, 95% CI 1.15–1.87), and Hispanic race/ethnicity (aOR 1.46, 95% CI 1.11–1.92) were more likely to experience a care gap. For RAASi, patients with blood pressure at goal (aOR 1.34, 95% CI 1.21–1.49) were more likely to experience a care gap. Conclusions The care gaps for SGLT2i and RAASi for patients with DKD with well-controlled diabetes and blood pressure suggest failure to recognize DKD as an independent indication for these medications. Racial/ethnic disparities for SGLT2i, but not for RAASi, suggest systemic racism exacerbates care gaps for novel medications. These factors can be targets for interventions to improve patient care.
Background Vulnerable populations, such as hemodialysis (HD) patients and kidney transplant (RTx) recipients, have priority for anti-COVID-19 vaccination, because of their impaired immune status. Here, we investigated the immune response after vaccination with BNT162b2 (two doses plus booster) in HD and RTx patients. Methods A prospective, observational study was started in two homogeneous groups of 55 HD and 51 RTx patients previously matched from a cohort of 336 patients. Anti-RBD IgG levels, assayed after the second dose with BNT162b2 mRNA, were used to stratify subjects into quintiles. After the second dose and after booster, anti-RBD and IGRA test were evaluated in RTx and HD, belonging to the first and fifth quintiles. Results After the second dose of vaccine, the median circulating levels of anti-RBD IgG were significantly higher in HD (1456 AU/mL) compared to RTx (27.30 AU/mL). IGRA test showed significantly higher values in the HD (382 mIU/mL) compared with the RTx (73 mIU/mL). After the booster, humoral response increased significantly in both HD ( p  = 0.0002) and RTx groups ( p  = 0.009), whereas the T-cellular immunity remained essentially stable in most patients. In RTx patients with a low humoral response after the second dose, the third dose did not significantly strengthen either humoral or cellular immunity. Conclusions For HD and RTx, there is great variability in the humoral response to anti-COVID-19 vaccination, with a stronger response in the HD group. The booster dose was ineffective at reinforcing the humoral and cellular immune response in most RTx patients hyporesponsive to the second dose.
Purpose The purpose of this paper is to help patients with calcium oxalate stones to access prevention and treatment options with dietary management. Methods Typical cases in our hospital and other hospitals were selected for case review; combined with literature review through PubMed search, comprehensive analysis and suggestions were put forward. Results By retrieving the literature with sufficient evidence, selecting, and summarizing, analysis of dietary liquid, oxalate and oxalate precursors, calcium, protein, fruits and vegetables, salt, high dietary fiber, and other content with high evidence index was carried out, respectively. Conclusion Through the retrospective analysis of typical cases and literature review, the importance of diet management in the prevention and treatment of calcium oxalate stones was emphasized again, and suggestions were put forward to promote the prevention and treatment of calcium oxalate stones.
Aims/hypothesis Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1ras) and sodium–glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2is) have shown kidney-protective effects. Improved kidney oxygenation and haemodynamic changes are suggested mechanisms; however, human data are scarce. We therefore investigated whether semaglutide (GLP-1ra), empagliflozin (SGLT2i) or their combination improve kidney oxygenation and perfusion. Methods The trial was undertaken at Aarhus University Hospital, Denmark. A total of 120 people with type 2 diabetes (HbA_1c ≥48 mmol/mol [6.5%]) and at high risk of CVD (age ≥50 years) were randomised into four parallel groups ( n =30 in each group) for 32 weeks: 1.0 mg semaglutide (open label); 10 mg empagliflozin (blinded to participants, caregivers, examiners and outcome assessors); their combination (1.0 mg semaglutide open label plus 10 mg empagliflozin blinded to participants, caregivers, examiners and outcome assessors); and placebo tablet (blinded to participants, caregivers, examiners and outcome assessors). Sequentially numbered, sealed envelopes containing computer-generated randomisation codes, provided by Glostrup Pharmacy, Glostrup, Denmark, determined the intervention. The two co-primary outcomes were change in kidney oxygenation and change in arterial stiffness. This paper reports on kidney oxygenation, for which 80 individuals as prespecified, 20 in each group, underwent MRI. We primarily hypothesised that kidney oxygenation would be improved in the active treatment groups compared with placebo after 32 weeks. Secondary outcomes included changes in kidney perfusion, erythropoietin, haematocrit, urine albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) and GFR (measured using technetium-99m) compared with baseline and between treatment groups at week 32. Results Our model estimated a common baseline R2* value across all four groups in the cortex and the medulla. At baseline, the value was 24.5 (95% CI 23.9, 24.9) Hz in the medulla. After 32 weeks, the R2* values in the medulla were estimated to be 25.4 (95% CI 24.7, 26.2) Hz in the empagliflozin group and 24.5 (95% CI 23.9, 25.1) Hz in the placebo group ( p =0.016) (higher R2* corresponds to a lower oxygenation). Semaglutide decreased perfusion in both the cortex and the medulla. Empagliflozin increased erythropoietin and haematocrit. All three active treatments decreased GFR but not UACR. Ten serious adverse events were reported, among them two occurrences of semaglutide-associated obstipation. Conclusions/interpretation Our hypothesis, that semaglutide, empagliflozin or their combination improve kidney oxygenation, was rejected. On the contrary, empagliflozin induced a reduction in medullary kidney oxygenation. Semaglutide substantially reduced kidney perfusion without affecting oxygenation. Trial registration Clinicaltrialsregister.eu EudraCT 2019-000781-38 Funding Novo Nordisk Foundation, Central Denmark Region Research Fund and Danish Medical Associations Research Foundation Graphical abstract 
Objectives Polycystic liver disease (PLD) is characterized by growth of hepatic cysts, causing hepatomegaly. Disease severity is determined using total liver volume (TLV), which can be measured from computed tomography (CT). The gold standard is manual segmentation which is time-consuming and requires expert knowledge of the anatomy. This study aims to validate the commercially available semi-automatic MMWP (Multimodality Workplace) Volume tool for CT scans of PLD patients. Methods We included adult patients with one ( n = 60) or two ( n = 46) abdominal CT scans. Semi-automatic contouring was compared with manual segmentation, using comparison of observed volumes (cross-sectional) and growth (longitudinal), correlation coefficients (CC), and Bland-Altman analyses with bias and precision, defined as the mean difference and SD from this difference. Inter- and intra-reader variability were assessed using coefficients of variation (CV) and we assessed the time to perform both procedures. Results Median TLV was 5292.2 mL (IQR 3141.4–7862.2 mL) at baseline. Cross-sectional analysis showed high correlation and low bias and precision between both methods (CC 0.998, bias 1.62%, precision 2.75%). Absolute volumes were slightly higher for semi-automatic segmentation (manual 5292.2 (3141.4–7862.2) versus semi-automatic 5432.8 (3071.9–7960.2) mL, difference 2.7%, p < 0.001). Longitudinal analysis demonstrated that semi-automatic segmentation accurately measures liver growth (CC 0.908, bias 0.23%, precision 4.04%). Inter- and intra-reader variability were small (2.19% and 0.66%) and comparable to manual segmentation (1.21% and 0.63%) ( p = 0.26 and p = 0.37). Semi-automatic segmentation was faster than manual tracing (19 min versus 50 min, p = 0.009). Conclusions Semi-automatic liver segmentation is a fast and accurate method to determine TLV and liver growth in PLD patients. Key Points • Semi-automatic liver segmentation using the commercially available MMWP volume tool accurately determines total liver volume as well as liver growth over time in polycystic liver disease patients. • This method is considerably faster than manual segmentation through the use of Hounsfield unit settings. • We used a real-life CT set for the validation and showed that the semi-automatic tool measures accurately regardless of contrast used for the CT scan or not, presence of polycystic kidneys, liver volume, and previous invasive treatment for polycystic liver disease.
Despite the availability of new treatment classes, glycaemic control in patients with diabetes remains suboptimal globally. The latter is associated with high risk of premature mortality related to diabetes and its microvascular and macrovascular complications. Practice guidelines typically focus on glycated haemoglobin < 7.0% as a therapeutic goal in type 2 diabetes (T2D). Reducing glycated haemoglobin has been proven to reduce the risk of these complications while early attainment of glycaemic goal can have a legacy effect in later life. Both glucocentric and cardiorenal-centric treatment strategies have complementary effects in reducing the trajectory of cardiorenal diseases. In real-word settings, implementation of practice guidelines developed in the USA and Europe may not be applicable to regions such as Asia, where differences in epidemiology, patient phenotypes, cultures, resource availability, and treatment affordability are important considerations. In the present review, we discuss the need to use a pragmatic, albeit evidence-based approach, to combine glucocentric and cardiorenal risk reduction strategies to improve the outcomes in patients with T2D, with particular relevance to Asia Pacific.
Objectives The occurrence of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) can greatly affect the prognosis of patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). We aimed to construct a nomogram to predict the probability of PAH development in patients with stage 3–5 CKD to guide early intervention and to improve prognosis. Methods From August 2018 to December 2021, we collected the data of 1258 patients with stage 3–5 CKD hospitalized at the Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University as a training set and 389 patients hospitalized at Zhongda Hospital as a validation set. These patients were divided into PAH and N-PAH groups with pulmonary arterial systolic pressure ≥ 35 mmHg as the cutoff. The results of univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to establish the nomogram. Then, areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC-ROCs), a calibration plot, and decision curve analysis (DCA) were used to validate the nomogram. Results The nomogram included nine variables: age, diabetes mellitus, hemoglobin, platelet count, serum creatinine, left ventricular end-diastolic diameter, left atrial diameter, main pulmonary artery diameter and left ventricular ejection fraction. The AUC-ROCs of the training set and validation set were 0.801 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.771–0.830) and 0.760 (95% CI 0.699–0.818), respectively, which showed good discriminative ability of the nomogram. The calibration diagram showed good agreement between the predicted and observed results. DCA also demonstrated that the nomogram could be clinically useful. Conclusion The evaluation of the nomogram model for predicting PAH in patients with CKD based on risk factors showed its ideal efficacy. Thus, the nomogram can be used to screen for patients at high risk for PAH and has guiding value for the subsequent formulation of prevention strategies and clinical treatment.
Strategies to modify the gut microbiome in cancer patients using fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) have gained momentum as a therapeutic intervention. However, how FMT impacts innate-like, antimicrobial T lymphocytes is unclear. In this study, we assessed peripheral blood (PB) mucosa-associated invariant T (MAIT) cell frequencies and functions in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) before and seven days after they received FMT as part of a clinical trial. We found comparable MAIT cell frequencies in healthy controls and mRCC patients. In contrast, γδ T cells exhibited a numerical decline in mRCC, which was partially reversed by FMT. We also found a significant increase in the PB CD4^+ MAIT cell compartment of mRCC patients with or without FMT. Paired sample analyses revealed CD69 upregulation on MAIT cells accompanied by decreased PD-1 levels post-FMT. These changes were unique to MAIT cells as non-MAIT T lymphocytes showed either no trend or a trend in the opposite direction. Importantly, FMT did not render MAIT cells exhausted as also judged by their stable expression of TIM-3, LAG-3, BTLA, CTLA-4, TIGIT and VISTA. These findings were corroborated in functional assays in which MAIT cells were stimulated with MR1 ligands or with a combination of IL-12 and IL-18 to produce inflammatory cytokines and granzyme B. Indeed, when stimulated ex vivo with IL-12 and IL-18, MAIT cells mounted a more rigorous TNF-α response post-FMT. In conclusion, FMT improves MAIT cell functions, which should serve patients well in subsequent microbial challenges in the face of cancer-elicited immunosuppression. Trial Registration : https://clinicaltrials.gov/ Identifier: NCT04163289 (registration date: November 14, 2019).
Nephrotoxicity is one of the most important complications in cancer patients. In particular, acute kidney injury (AKI) is known to be associated with discontinuing effective oncological treatments, longer hospitalizations, increased costs, and a higher risk of death. In addition to acute kidney injury, clinical signs associated with nephrotoxicity during treatment with anticancer agents include chronic kidney disease, proteinuria, hypertension, electrolyte abnormalities, and other characteristic manifestations. Many of these signs are caused both by cancer treatment as well as by cancer itself. Therefore, it is important to carefully recognize whether the underlying causes of renal impairment in cancer patients are cancer-related, treatment-related, or both. This review describes the epidemiology and pathophysiology of anticancer agent-induced acute kidney injury, proteinuria, hypertension, and other characteristic manifestations.
Background Children with chronic kidney disease (CKD) require multidisciplinary care to meet their complex healthcare needs. Patient navigators are trained non-medical personnel who assist patients and caregivers to overcome barriers to accessing health services through care coordination. This trial aims to determine the effectiveness of a patient navigator program in children with CKD. Methods The NAVKIDS^2 trial is a multi-center, waitlisted, randomized controlled trial of patient navigators in children with CKD conducted at five sites across Australia. Children (0–16 years) with CKD from low socioeconomic status rural or remote areas were randomized to an intervention group or a waitlisted control group (to receive intervention after 6 months). The study primary and secondary endpoints include the self-rated health (SRH) (primary), and utility-based quality of life, progression of kidney dysfunction of the child, SRH, and satisfaction with healthcare of the caregiver at 6 months post-randomization. Results The trial completed recruitment in October 2021 with expected completion of follow-up by October 2022. There were 162 patients enrolled with 80 and 82 patients randomized to the immediate intervention and waitlisted groups, respectively. Fifty-eight (36%) participants were from regional/remote areas, with a median (IQR) age of 9.5 (5.0, 13.0) years, 46% were of European Australian ethnicity, and 65% were male. A total of 109 children (67%) had CKD stages 1–5, 42 (26%) were transplant recipients, and 11 (7%) were receiving dialysis. Conclusion The NAVKIDS^2 trial is designed to evaluate the effectiveness of patient navigation in children with CKD from families experiencing socioeconomic disadvantage. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists (MRAs) were shown to delay chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression in patients with hypertension and/or heart failure (HF) and proteinuria. Objective We conducted a systematic literature review on real-world evidence to identify the literature gaps related to the efficacy and safety outcomes of MRAs administered to CKD patients. Results A total of 751 records were identified of which, 23 studies (26 publications) were analyzed. Studies included heterogeneous populations, including the overall CKD, CKD and diabetes, CKD and HF, and CKD and a history of cardiovascular disease. Most of the studies were small and non-rigorous, resulting in a notable lack of evidence in these populations. In the overall CKD population, steroidal MRAs resulted in a significant or sustained eGFR reduction but no efficacy in delaying progression to end-stage kidney disease. No cardiovascular protection was found. Results for all-cause mortality and hospitalization for HF were inconsistent; however, the longest follow-up studies indicate similar or lower incidence for spironolactone non-users. Most results consistently reported a higher incidence of hyperkalemia among patients on steroidal MRAs in all CKD stages, and side effects led to high discontinuation rates in the real-world setting. Conclusions Despite the limited availability of evidence on the effectiveness and safety of steroidal MRAs in CKD patients and subgroups with diabetes, HF or history of cardiovascular disease, MRAs were shown to have a limited effect on renal and cardiovascular outcomes. Gaps in the evidence regarding the efficacy and safety of MRAs are particularly relevant in diabetic CKD patients; therefore, further research is warranted.
Propose High salt intake, correlated with high salt taste threshold, may accelerate renal injury in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. However, few studies have focused on factors that influence salt taste threshold. Therefore, we aimed to identify factors that influence the salt taste threshold of CKD patients, to provide more precise salt restriction recommendations in dietary therapy. Methods Between April 2016 and March 2019, we measured the salt taste threshold of 1019 CKD patients, aged 22–78 years, from 52 hospitals across southwestern China, and then we performed a cross-sectional study. Results The mean salt taste threshold was 0.37 ± 0.16% NaCl. There were 115 (11.3%), 670 (65.7%), and 234 (23.0%), respectively, patients who had low (≤ 0.1% NaCl), medium (0.1–0.4% NaCl), and high (> 0.4% NaCl) salt taste thresholds. One-way ANOVA and regression results revealed that sex (male), age, decreased estimated glomerular filtration rate, and absence of salt restriction were factors that influenced CKD groups with high salt taste threshold. Conclusion We found an independent correlation between contributory factors including sex, age, eGFR, and salt restriction behavior of subjects with the salt taste threshold of CKD patients. Our findings also offer insights on salt taste thresholds that could be useful for clinicians advising salt restriction to impair the salt taste sensitivity of the corresponding populations.
Objective To evaluate the effect of finerenone on cardiovascular events in Kidney Disease and/or Diabetes. Methods The ClinicalTrials.gov, Medline, EMBASE, Web of Science, Cochrane Library databases were systematically searched from the inception dates to December 20, 2021 in order to identify randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of finerenone on cardiovascular events in Kidney Disease and/or Diabetes, without language restriction. This meta-analysis collected data from 7 randomized clinical trials that evaluated the effect of finrrenone in 15,618 patients with kidney disease and/or diabetes. Risk of bias was assessed by Cochrane Risk of Bias Assessment Tool. Inconsistency among trial results was assessed by I ^2 statistic. The main endpoints included death from cardiovascular causes, death from any cause, incidence of myocardial infarction, rate of heart failure, hospitalization for any cause, rate of total advent events and study-drug-related adverse events. Results A total of 7 randomized controlled trials involving 15,618 fulfilled the inclusion criteria. The outcomes of this meta-analysis presented that finerenone significantly reduced the death from any cause (95% CI 0.82–0.99; P  = 0.031), risk of heart failure (95% CI 0.67–0.92; P  = 0.002) among patients with kidney disease and/or diabetes when compared to control group. Besides, finerenone could not reduce the incidence of death from cardiovascular, myocardial infarction and hospitalization for any cause among patients with kidney disease and/or diabetes ( p  > 0.05). In terms of safety, finerenone shared the same risk of total advent events with placebo among patients with kidney disease and/or diabetes ( p  > 0.05). However, finerenone had higher risk of study-drug-related advent events than placebo among patients with kidney disease and/or diabetes (95% CI 1.27–1.48; P  < 0.001). Conclusions In patients with kidney disease and/or diabetes, treatment with finerenone resulted in lower risk of death from any cause and heart failure than placebo. However, the study-drug-related advent events also increased significantly at the same time.
Wilms tumor 1 ( WT1 ) is the causative gene of Denys–Drash syndrome and Frasier syndrome, and in most cases, kidney failure develops after birth. We report an unusual case of Potter sequence due to fetal nephropathy and kidney failure with a WT1 mutation. The neonate was born at 37 weeks of gestation, and had no distinctive facial appearance or anomalies of the extremities. The external genitalia were ambiguous. Presence of a penile-like structure or hypertrophic clitoris was noted, and the urethra opened at the base of the penis or clitoris. On ultrasonographic examination, the kidney sizes were small. No kidney cysts were noted, but the kidney parenchymal luminosity was increased. Although the neonate received mechanical ventilation because of severe retractive breathing after birth, he died of poor oxygenation due to air leak syndrome at 60 h after birth. The congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) gene panel revealed a heterozygous missense mutation in WT1 [NM_024426.6:exon9:c.1400G > A, p.(Arg467Gln)]. In WT1 , missense mutations are associated with earlier onset of nephropathy than nonsense or splicing mutations. However, severe cases of fetal onset and early neonatal death with WT1 mutations are rare, and only one severe case with the same missense mutation in WT1 has been reported. Therefore, WT1 mutation may be suspected in Potter sequence patients with external genital abnormalities, and the WT1 missense mutation in our case [NM_024426.6:exon9:c.1400G > A, p.(Arg467Gln)] may indicate a severe case with fetal onset of nephropathy and kidney failure.
Purpose Acute kidney injury (AKI) is an established complication of adult traumatic brain injury (TBI) and known risk factor for mortality. Evidence demonstrates an association between hyperchloremia and AKI in critically ill adults but studies in children are scarce. Given frequent use of hypertonic saline in the management of pediatric TBI, we believe the incidence of hyperchloremia will be high and hypothesize that it will be associated with development of AKI. Methods Single-center retrospective cohort study was completed at an urban, level 1 pediatric trauma center. Children > 40 weeks corrected gestational age and < 21 years of age with moderate or severe TBI (presenting GCS < 13) admitted between January 2016 and December 2021 were included. Primary study outcome was presence of AKI (defined by pediatric Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes criteria) within 7 days of hospitalization and compared between patients with and without hyperchloremia (serum chloride ≥ 110 mEq/L). Results Fifty-two children were included. Mean age was 5.75 (S.D. 5.4) years; 60% were male (31/52); and mean presenting GCS was 6 (S.D. 2.9). Thirty-seven patients (71%) developed hyperchloremia with a mean peak chloride of 125 (S.D. 12.0) mEq/L and mean difference between peak and presenting chloride of 16 (S.D. 12.7) mEq/L. Twenty-three patients (44%) developed AKI; of those with hyperchloremia, 62% (23/37) developed AKI, while among those without hyperchloremia, 0% (0/15) developed AKI (difference 62%, 95% CI 42–82%, p  < 0.001). Attributable risk of hyperchloremia leading to AKI was 62.2 (95% CI 46.5–77.8, p  = 0.0015). Conclusion Hyperchloremia is common in the management of pediatric TBI and is associated with development of AKI. Risk appears to be associated with both the height of serum chloride and duration of hyperchloremia.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is characterized as a progressive dysfunction of the kidney, and it might have a close relationship with insulin resistance. We utilized the triglyceride–glucose (TyG) index, a reliable marker of insulin resistance, to evaluate the association between the TyG index and CKD in adults from the general population. Methods This was a cross-sectional study obtaining data from the 2015–2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. The estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) served as kidney function indicators. We defined CKD as the existence of either low eGFR (eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2 BSA) or albuminuria (UACR > 30 mg/g). Multivariate regressions, correlated subgroup analyses, and interaction terms were performed in this study. Results For 4361 recruited participants, the mean TyG index was 8.60 ± 0.68, and the prevalence of CKD was 13.35%. Participants with a higher TyG index showed a higher UACR level ( β  = 25.10, 95% CI: 6.76, 43.44, P  = 0.0074) and higher levels of CKD (OR = 1.34, 95% CI: 1.13, 1.59, P  = 0.0006). The positive relationship between the TyG index and CKD became stronger and remained significant in the overweight (OR = 1.61, 95% CI: 1.18, 2.20, P  = 0.0027) and obese (OR = 2.48, 95% CI: 1.95, 3.15, P  < 0.0001) groups and in people with diabetes (OR = 1.94, 95% CI: 1.46, 2.56, P  < 0.0001). Conclusions Higher TyG index was strongly associated with a higher UACR level and higher values of albuminuria and CKD, which might be useful in kidney function screening especially among people in disadvantageous socioeconomic conditions with no availability for direct measurement of kidney function. However, more well-designed studies are still needed to validate this relationship.
Objectives In this systematic review we aimed at assessing how artificial intelligence (AI), including machine learning (ML) techniques have been deployed to predict, diagnose, and treat chronic kidney disease (CKD). We systematically reviewed the available evidence on these innovative techniques to improve CKD diagnosis and patient management. Methods We included English language studies retrieved from PubMed. The review is therefore to be classified as a “rapid review”, since it includes one database only, and has language restrictions; the novelty and importance of the issue make missing relevant papers unlikely. We extracted 16 variables, including: main aim, studied population, data source, sample size, problem type (regression, classification), predictors used, and performance metrics. We followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews (PRISMA) approach; all main steps were done in duplicate. Results From a total of 648 studies initially retrieved, 68 articles met the inclusion criteria. Models, as reported by authors, performed well, but the reported metrics were not homogeneous across articles and therefore direct comparison was not feasible. The most common aim was prediction of prognosis, followed by diagnosis of CKD. Algorithm generalizability, and testing on diverse populations was rarely taken into account. Furthermore, the clinical evaluation and validation of the models/algorithms was perused; only a fraction of the included studies, 6 out of 68, were performed in a clinical context. Conclusions Machine learning is a promising tool for the prediction of risk, diagnosis, and therapy management for CKD patients. Nonetheless, future work is needed to address the interpretability, generalizability, and fairness of the models to ensure the safe application of such technologies in routine clinical practice. Graphical abstract 
Purpose To explain the pathophysiology of kidney stone formation and appropriate dietary recommendations in inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) such as ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn’s disease (CD) and after bariatric surgery, focusing on the current literature. Methods A narrative review methodology was performed. A literature search was conducted using PubMed, MEDLINE, and Google Scholar. Studies on the relationship between IBD or bariatric surgery and the risk of kidney stone formation were included. Results Dietary composition has a critical role in urinary stone formation. Nutritional factors such as fluid intake, dietary protein, carbohydrates, oxalate, and calcium contribute to the risk of stone formation. Bowel-related malabsorptive conditions (IBD, after bariatric surgery, etc.) are associated with an increased risk of kidney stone formation due to metabolic and physiological changes such as hyperoxaluria, hypocitraturia, and decreased fluid intake or absorption. While the risk is lower in restrictive bariatric surgeries, the risk of kidney stone formation increases, especially after malabsorptive procedures. Dietary recommendations for these patients could profit alleviate urinary changes and reduce the risk of kidney stones. Conclusion Bowel-related malabsorptive conditions such as IBD and bariatric surgery are associated with an increased risk of kidney stones. Appropriate dietary recommendations can improve urinary metabolic changes and reduce kidney stone formation and the possibility of stone-related surgery.
Background Chronic kidney-related sequelae after STEC-HUS occur in 20–40% of patients. Hyperuricemia (HU) may cause acute and chronic toxicity involving the kidneys. We retrospectively assessed if there was an association between the presence of HU during the acute illness and that of kidney-related sequelae in children with STEC-HUS. Methods Children with STEC-HUS who had clinical and laboratory data at 2 years of follow-up were included in this case–control study. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed between patients with (cases) or without (controls) kidney-related sequelae to identify factors associated with outcomes, including different measures of serum uric acid (sUA) (baseline level, peak, and duration of HU). HU was defined as sUA > 8 mg/dL. Results Of 86 patients included, 77.9% had HU. Patients with sequelae ( n  = 41) had a higher prevalence of HU (41/41 vs. 26/45, p  < 0.01), higher baseline leukocyte count, serum creatinine (sCr), and sUA levels as well as lower sodium than controls. During hospitalization, cases also had higher sCr peak, sUA peak and duration of HU, requirement and duration of dialysis, extrarenal complications, and hypertension. By multivariate analysis, after adjusting for length of dialysis, only duration of HU ( p  = 0.0005; OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.27–2.36) remained as an independent predictor of sequelae, with a best cutoff of 5.5 days (AUC 0.95, specificity 80%, sensitivity 100%). Conclusions The presence of HU is a common finding in children with STEC-HUS and its duration during the acute stage was associated with kidney-related sequelae, regardless of the duration of dialysis. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary Information
Background There is uncertainty about the long-term risks of living kidney donation. Well-designed studies with controls well-matched on risk factors for kidney disease are needed to understand the attributable risks of kidney donation. Methods The goal of the Minnesota Attributable Risk of Kidney Donation (MARKD) study is to compare the long-term (> 50 years) outcomes of living donors (LDs) to contemporary and geographically similar controls that are well-matched on health status. University of Minnesota (n = 4022; 1st transplant: 1963) and Mayo Clinic LDs (n = 3035; 1st transplant: 1963) will be matched to Rochester Epidemiology Project (REP) controls (approximately 4 controls to 1 donor) on the basis of age, sex, and race/ethnicity. The REP controls are a well-defined population, with detailed medical record data linked between all providers in Olmsted and surrounding counties, that come from the same geographic region and era (early 1960s to present) as the donors. Controls will be carefully selected to have health status acceptable for donation on the index date (date their matched donor donated). Further refinement of the control group will include confirmed kidney health (e.g., normal serum creatinine and/or no proteinuria) and matching (on index date) of body mass index, smoking history, family history of chronic kidney disease, and blood pressure. Outcomes will be ascertained from national registries (National Death Index and United States Renal Data System) and a new survey administered to both donors and controls; the data will be supplemented by prior surveys and medical record review of donors and REP controls. The outcomes to be compared are all-cause mortality, end-stage kidney disease, cardiovascular disease and mortality, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) trajectory and chronic kidney disease, pregnancy risks, and development of diseases that frequently lead to chronic kidney disease (e.g. hypertension, diabetes, and obesity). We will additionally evaluate whether the risk of donation differs based on baseline characteristics. Discussion Our study will provide a comprehensive assessment of long-term living donor risk to inform candidate living donors, and to inform the follow-up and care of current living donors.
Background The population-based prevalence and risk factors of childhood chronic kidney disease (CKD) are not well-defined. We ascertained childhood CKD epidemiology and perinatal risk factors, based on a large computerized medical record database that covers most of southern Israel’s population. Methods Pre- and post-natal records of 79,374 eligible children (with at least one serum creatinine test) born during 2001–2015 were analyzed. “Ever-CKD” was defined as ≥ 2 estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) values < 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2 beyond age 2 years, more than 3 months apart. The last CKD status was determined on March 2019. Results Of 82 (0.1%) patients with ever-CKD, 35 (42.7%) had their first abnormal eGFR identified already at age 2 years. In multiple logistic regression analysis, congenital anomalies of kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT)-related diagnoses, glomerulopathy, maternal oligohydramnios, small for gestational age, prematurity (under 34 weeks), post-term delivery, and small for gestational age at birth were significant risk factors for ever-CKD (odds ratio (95% confidence interval): 44.34(26.43–74.39), 64.60(32.42–128.70), 5.54(3.01–10.19), 2.02(1.25–3.28), 4.45(2.13–9.28), 2.96(1.28–6.86 and 2.02(1.25–3.28), respectively). Seventy children with ever-CKD (85.4%) had a depressed eGFR (< 90 ml/min/1.73 m^2) on the last assessment (current-CKD), yielding a prevalence of 882/million. Conclusions CKD is more prevalent among children in southern Israel than previously reported, even after excluding those with aborted-CKD. Prenatal conditions increase the risk to develop CKD in childhood. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Purpose Growing evidence have suggested an association between nephrolithiasis and cardiovascular disease (CVD) with unclear mechanism. Oxidized low-density lipoproteins (oxLDL) induces atherosclerosis and was found to be the possible link between these two diseases. Our study aimed to examine the serum, urine and kidney expression of oxLDL in relation to large calcium oxalate (CaOx) renal stone disease. Methods A total of 67 large CaOx dominant renal stone patients and 31 stone-free controls were enrolled in the prospective case–control study. All participants were without known CVD history. Serum, urine, and kidney biopsy were collected before and during percutaneous nephrolithotomy, respectively. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays were used to assess serum and urine oxLDL, lectin-like oxidized low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 (LOX-1), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Results There was no significantly difference in circulating oxLDL, but serum hsCRP was significantly near two-fold higher in nephrolithiasis patients. Serum hsCRP was also correlated with stone maximal length. Urine oxLDL was significantly higher in the nephrolithiasis group and correlated with serum hsCRP and stone maximal length. Increased oxLDL uptake in kidney was found in nephrolithiasis patients, whereas no significantly renal expression of oxLDL was observed in controls. Conclusions The renal uptake of oxLDL with increased oxLDL excretion from large CaOx renal stone formers, independent of increased circulating oxLDL, is a novel pathological finding in kidney stone disease and brings attention to the possible involvement of renal steatosis in the process of urolithiasis formation.
Renal invasion of T-cell lymphoma does not usually occur. The renal infiltration of peripheral T-cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified (PTCL–NOS), is rare. Therefore, the detailed pathology, clinical features, and effective therapy of this type of extranodal disease remain uncovered. Here, we report the rare case of acute kidney injury (AKI) caused by the renal infiltration of PTCL–NOS with no evidence of lymphadenopathy and extranodal lesions, except for the kidney. We mistakenly diagnosed our patient with drug-induced acute interstitial nephritis (AIN) at first, because his clinical features were similar to those of drug-induced AIN; however, we reached the correct diagnosis by detecting atypical T-cells in his urine. After the introduction of cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone therapy his general condition improved rapidly. When suspecting drug-induced AIN as the cause of AKI, PTCL–NOS should also be recognized as one of the causes, and urine cytology may be useful to noninvasively distinguish between the two diseases.
Background A few studies have tested febuxostat for its usefulness in delaying chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression by treating hyperuricemia and results were controversial. Thus, we attempted to conduct a randomized controlled study using the Chinese population with advanced grade of CKD. Methods One hundred CKD patients in stages 3 and 4 with asymptomatic hyperuricemia from seven medical centers were included in this prospective randomized controlled study and assigned to the control and febuxostat group, the latter of which received febuxostat to titrate to achieve serum uric acid (SUA) < 6 mg/dL. The observation period was 12 months. The primary outcomes included the event of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) decline ≥ 30% or 50% from baseline at 12 months, dialysis and death from CKD; secondary outcome was the change in eGFR. Safety analysis was also performed. Results Forty-seven patients and 45 patients in the febuxostat and control groups, respectively completed the study. Seven of 47 (14.9%) participants reached 30% decline in eGFR in the febuxostat group, while 1 (2.1%) and 2 (4.3%) patients reached 50% decline in eGFR or dialysis. Thirteen (28.9%), 10 (22.2%) and 3 (6.7%) of 45 patients reached primary kidney outcomes separately in the control group. The change in eGFR after 12 months from baseline in the febuxostat group was 0.50 mL/min/1.73 m^2, which was significantly higher than that in the control group − 4.46 mL/min/1.73 m^2 ( p  = 0.006). Adverse events did not differ between two groups. Conclusions Febuxostat effectively slowed eGFR decline in patients with CKD stages 3 and 4 and asymptomatic hyperuricemia.
Background Nephronophthisis-related ciliopathies (NPHP-RC) have strong genotype and phenotype heterogeneity, and the transplantation strategy of Boichis syndrome is still controversial. Our purpose was to examine associations of genotype and phenotype in children with NPHP-RC and analyze the transplantation strategies of different phenotypes. Methods The records of children with NPHP treated at our center from 01/2018 to 03/2021 were retrospectively reviewed. Inclusion criteria were a diagnosis of NPHP, received kidney transplantation, and received whole exome sequencing (WES) or nephropathy gene panel testing. Results Twenty-nine children with NPHP were included. Nine children (31%) had NPHP1 mutations, and all presented with isolated nephropathy. Eighteen of 20 patients with non- NPHP1 mutations had compound heterozygous mutations, and 70% had extrarenal phenotype. Age at disease presentation (11.2 ± 1.94 years) and the development of kidney failure (12.4 ± 2.70 years) were later in children with NPHP1 mutations than those with non- NPHP1 mutations (5.2 ± 2.83 years and 5.7 ± 2.92 years, respectively). Four of six children with NPHP3 mutations were diagnosed with Boichis syndrome due to liver fibrosis. Isolated kidney transplantation resulted in good outcomes for patients with mild or moderate liver fibrosis without portal hypertension, while cholestasis was common postoperatively and could be resolved with ursodeoxycholic acid. Conclusions NPHP1 mutations are the most common in children with NPHP, and the phenotype of NPHP1 mutation is significantly different from that of non-NPHP1 mutation. For NPHP patients with mild to moderate liver fibrosis without portal hypertension, timely treatment of cholestasis could prevent the rapid progression of liver function damage after isolated kidney transplantation. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Objective In previous studies, we established and validated three Madin Darby Canine Kidney MDCKII cell lines, recombinantly modified with zinc finger nuclease (ZFN) technology. Here, we investigated the applicability of seeding these three canine P-gp deficient MDCK_ZFN cell lines, directly from frozen cryopreserved stocks without previous cultivation for efflux transporter and permeability studies. This technique is referred to as “assay-ready” and allows for highly standardized conduction of cell-based assays and shorter cultivation cycles. Methods To obtain a rapid fitness of the cells for that purpose, a very gentle freezing and thawing protocol was applied. Assay-ready MDCK_ZFN cells were tested in bi-directional transport studies and compared to their traditionally cultured counterparts. Long-term performance robustness, human effective intestinal permeability (P_eff) predictability and batch to batch variability were assessed. Results Efflux ratios (ER) and apparent permeability (P_app) results were highly comparable between assay-ready and standard cultured cell lines with R^2 values of 0.96 or higher. P_app to P_eff correlations obtained from passive permeability with non-transfected cells were comparable independent of the cultivation regime. Long-term evaluation revealed robust performance of assay-ready cells and reduced data variability of reference compounds in 75% of cases compared to standard cultured MDCK_ZFN cells. Conclusion Assay-ready methodology for handling MDCK_ZFN cells allows more flexibility in assay planning and reduces performance fluctuations in assays caused by cell aging. Therefore, the assay-ready principle has proven superior over conventional cultivation for MDCK_ZFN cells and is considered as a key technology to optimize processes with other cellular systems.
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) affects a huge portion of the world’s population and frequently leads to cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). It might be because of common risk factors between chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular diseases. Renal dysfunction caused by chronic kidney disease creates oxidative stress which in turn leads to cardiovascular diseases. Oxidative stress causes endothelial dysfunction and inflammation in heart which results in atherosclerosis. It ends in clogging of veins and arteries that causes cardiac stroke and myocardial infarction. To develop an innovative therapeutic approach and new drugs to treat these diseases, it is important to understand the pathophysiological mechanism behind the CKD and CVDs and their interrelationship. Natural phytoconstituents of plants such as polyphenolic compounds are well known for their medicinal value. Polyphenols are plant secondary metabolites with immense antioxidant properties, which can protect from free radical damage. Nowadays, polyphenols are generating a lot of buzz in the scientific community because of their potential health benefits especially in the case of heart and kidney diseases. This review provides a detailed account of the pathophysiological link between CKD and CVDs and the pharmacological potential of polyphenols and their nanoformulations in promoting cardiovascular and renal health.
Purpose It is unclear whether ketorolac-based patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) leads to acute kidney injury (AKI) after robot-assisted radical prostatectomy (RARP) in patients susceptible to AKI. We compared the postoperative AKI incidence with ketorolac- and fentanyl-based PCA after RARP. Methods After medical record review, eligible patients were divided in ketorolac and fentanyl groups. We conducted propensity score matching of 3239 patients and assigned 641 matched patients to each group, and compared the AKI incidence. We investigated potential risk factors for postoperative AKI, defined according to the Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes criteria. We collected preoperative data (age, height, weight, body mass index, American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status, medical history, creatinine level, estimated glomerular filtration rate, and hemoglobin level) and intraoperative data (maintenance anesthetics, surgery duration, anesthesia duration, crystalloid amount, colloid use, total amount of fluid administered, estimated blood loss, norepinephrine use, phenylephrine use, and PCA type). Results The postoperative AKI incidence was significantly higher in the ketorolac than in the fentanyl group, both before (31.1% vs. 20.4%; p < 0.001) and after (31.5% vs. 22.6%; p < 0.001) matching. In the univariate analysis, ketorolac was significantly associated with postoperative AKI, both before (odds ratio [OR], 1.762; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.475–2.105; p < 0.001) and after (OR, 1.574; 95% CI, 1.227–2.019; p < 0.001) matching. In the multivariate analysis, ketorolac-based PCA was independently associated with development of postoperative AKI in the matched groups (OR, 1.659; 95% CI, 1.283–2.147; p < 0.001). Conclusion Ketorolac-based PCA may increase postoperative AKI incidence after RARP; thus, renal function should be monitored in these patients.
Background Adolescents and young adults face various socio-emotional and behavioral challenges that can affect their medical and psychosocial outcomes. Pediatric patients with end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) often have extra-renal manifestations, including intellectual disability. However, limited data are available regarding the impact of extra-renal manifestations on medical and psychosocial outcomes among adolescents and young adults with childhood-onset ESKD. Methods Patients born between January 1982 and December 2006 that had developed ESKD in 2000 and later at age < 20 years were enrolled in this multicenter study in Japan. Data for patients’ medical and psychosocial outcomes were retrospectively collected. Associations between extra-renal manifestations and these outcomes were analyzed. Results In total, 196 patients were analyzed. The mean age at ESKD was 10.8 years, and at last follow-up was 23.5 years. The first modality of kidney replacement therapy was kidney transplantation, peritoneal dialysis, and hemodialysis in 42, 55 and 3% of patients, respectively. Extra-renal manifestations were documented in 63% of patients and 27% had intellectual disability. Baseline height at kidney transplantation and intellectual disability significantly impacted final height. Six (3.1%) patients died, of which five (83%) had extra-renal manifestations. Patients’ employment rate was lower than that in the general population, especially among those with extra-renal manifestations. Patients with intellectual disability were less likely to be transferred to adult care. Conclusions Extra-renal manifestations and intellectual disability in adolescents and young adults with ESKD had considerable impacts on linear growth, mortality, employment, and transfer to adult care.
Background Randomized controlled trials in pediatric kidney transplantation are hampered by low incidence and prevalence of kidney failure in children. Real-World Data from patient registries could facilitate the conduct of clinical trials by substituting a control cohort. However, the emulation of a control cohort by registry data in pediatric kidney transplantation has not been investigated so far. Methods In this multicenter comparative analysis, we emulated the control cohort ( n  = 54) of an RCT in pediatric kidney transplant patients (CRADLE trial; ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01544491) with data derived from the Cooperative European Paediatric Renal Transplant Initiative (CERTAIN) registry, using the same inclusion and exclusion criteria (CERTAIN cohort, n  = 554). Results Most baseline patient and transplant characteristics were well comparable between both cohorts. At year 1 posttransplant, a composite efficacy failure end point comprising biopsy-proven acute rejection, graft loss or death (5.8% ± 3.3% vs. 7.5% ± 1.1%, P  = 0.33), and kidney function (72.5 ± 24.9 vs. 77.3 ± 24.2 mL/min/1.73 m^2 P  = 0.19) did not differ significantly between CRADLE and CERTAIN. Furthermore, the incidence and severity of BPAR (5.6% vs. 7.8%), the degree of proteinuria (20.2 ± 13.9 vs. 30.6 ± 58.4 g/mol, P  = 0.15), and the key safety parameters such as occurrence of urinary tract infections (24.1% vs. 15.5%, P  = 0.10) were well comparable. Conclusions In conclusion, usage of Real-World Data from patient registries such as CERTAIN to emulate the control cohort of an RCT is feasible and could facilitate the conduct of clinical trials in pediatric kidney transplantation. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Anticancer drug therapy for cancer is developing rapidly, including molecular-targeted drugs and immune checkpoint inhibitors that are used in clinical settings in addition to conventional cytotoxic drugs. In daily clinical practice, clinicians sometimes encounter situations in which the effects of these chemotherapeutic agents are considered unacceptable in high-risk patients with liver or renal dysfunction, those undergoing dialysis and older adults. There is no clear evidence regarding anticancer drugs administration to patients with renal dysfunction. However, there are indications for dose setting based on the theory of the renal function responsible for drug excretion and past administration experience. This review outlines anticancer drugs’ administration in patients with renal dysfunction.
Post-transplant recurrence of ANCA-associated vasculitis (AAV) is infrequent, with recurrence within weeks of transplantation being even rarer. We describe an unusual case of AAV recurrence within 2 weeks post-transplant. Our patient received a deceased donor kidney transplant (KDPI 60%) after 6 years on hemodialysis for end-stage renal disease from AAV. She was induced with thymoglobulin and steroids, and maintained on belatacept, mycophenolate and prednisone. Time-zero biopsy showed acute tubular injury. Due to persistent delayed graft function by post-operative day 14, she underwent repeat biopsy, which showed focal segmental necrotizing and crescentic glomerulonephritis, with positive MPO, PR3 and negative anti-glomerular basement membrane antibodies. As her findings were in keeping with recurrent AAV, she underwent induction with rituximab, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin, with repeat rituximab 14 days later because of increasing B-lymphocyte counts. Belatacept was replaced with tacrolimus due to concerns with autoimmunity. Fortunately, renal function began to recover 4 days after treatment. In addition to highlighting potential immunologic mechanisms in AAV and the use of rituximab in post-transplant recurrence, our case suggests that for systemic autoimmune disease, patients maintained on belatacept must be monitored closely for recurrence, particularly in the setting of delayed graft function. Graphical Abstract 
Background It remains unclear whether urinary albumin changes can predict subsequent kidney disease progression in people with diabetes. Methods This retrospective cohort study included 4570 Japanese adults with type 2 diabetes (T2D). The exposure was changes in urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) over 3 years, categorized into three categories: ≤ − 30%, minor change, or ≥ 30%. During the exposure period, eGFR decline was also examined and categorized into two categories: < 30% or ≥ 30% decline. The primary outcome was the composite of eGFR halving or initiation of kidney replacement therapy (KRT). The secondary outcome was the initiation of KRT. Results In the spline model, the hazard ratio for the primary outcome increased linearly on the log_2 scale of UACR changes. When classified into six groups based on the categories of UACR changes and eGFR decline, people with a ≤ − 30% UACR change and < 30% eGFR decline had a 38% lower incidence of the outcome compared to those with a minor UACR change and < 30% eGFR decline. Meanwhile, the risk in those with a ≤ − 30% UACR change and ≥ 30% eGFR decline was 2.89 times. People with a ≥ 30% UACR change had the higher risk, regardless of whether a ≥ 30% eGFR decline occurred. Similar results were obtained in the secondary outcome. Conclusions UACR changes can be a useful surrogate for kidney disease progression in people with T2D. However, when setting a decrease in UACR as the surrogate, it may be necessary to simultaneously evaluate kidney function decline.
Background Previous studies have proved that irisin is related to the development of chronic kidney disease. In this study, we aimed to compare serum irisin level in patients treated with peritoneal dialysis (PD) and hemodialysis (HD). Methods Two hundred and fifty-two dialysis patients (146 PD patients and 106 HD patients) were included in the study. Levels of serum irisin and other parameters were compared between the two groups’ patients. Results There were higher serum irisin levels in PD patients than those in HD patients [113.10 (106.15 ~ 119.15) ng/ml vs. 45.72(21.67 ~ 79.71) ng/ml, P  < 0.001]. Moreover, body fat mass, percent body fat, serum calcium, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, carbon dioxide combining power (CO_2CP) and residual renal function were higher in patients on PD than that in those on HD, whereas levels of lean body mass, systolic blood pressure, albumin, serum uric acid, potassium, and phosphorus（It should be “were" replace are) are higher in HD patients in comparison to PD patients. Dialysis modality (PD/HD), serum CO_2CP level, lean body mass, and percent body fat independently positively correlated with natural logarithm of irisin (lnirisin) by multivariate linear regression analysis. Conclusions In this study, we prove that serum irisin level is significantly higher in patients treated with peritoneal dialysis than that with hemodialysis. As well as, increasing skeletal muscle mass and fat body percent, and correcting metabolic acidosis may increase serum irisin levels.
Introduction Normal (120-140 mm Hg) systolic peridialysis blood pressure (BP) is associated with higher mortality in hemodialysis (HD) patients. Aim We explored the relationship between hypertension and BP on outcomes using data collected at the interdialytic period. Methods This was a single-center observational cohort study with 2672 HD patients. BP was determined at inception, in mid-week, between 2 consecutive dialysis sessions. Hypertension was defined as systolic BP ≥ 140 mm Hg and/or diastolic BP ≥ 90 mm Hg. Endpoints were major CV events and all-cause mortality. Results During a median follow-up of 31 months, 761 patients (28%) experienced CV events and 1181 (44%) died. Hypertensive patients had lower survival free of CV than normotensive patients ( P = 0.031). No difference occurred in the incidence of death between groups. Compared with the reference category of SBP ≥ 171 mmHg, the incidence of cardiovascular events was reduced in patients with SBP 101-110 (HR 0.647, 95% CI 0.455 to 0.920), 111-120 (HR 0.663, 95%CI 0.492 to 0.894), 121-130 (HR 0.747, 95%CI 0.569 to 0.981), and 131-140 (HR 0.757, 95%CI 0.596 to 0.962). On multivariate analysis, systolic and diastolic BP were not independent predictors of CV events or death. Normal interdialytic BP was not associated with mortality or CV events, and hypertension predicted an increased probability of CV complications. Conclusions Interdialytic BP may be preferred to guide treatment decisions, and HD patients should be treated according to guidelines for the general population until specific BP targets for this population are identified.
Background Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is a major complication of diabetes and the leading cause of end-stage renal disease worldwide. Renal inflammation and infiltration of immune cells contribute to the development and progression of DKD. Thus, the aim of the present study was to identify and validate immune-related biomarkers and analyze potential regulators including transcription factors (TFs), microRNAs (miRNAs), and drugs for DKD. Methods Immune-related genes from the ImmPort database and glomeruli samples from GSE1009 and GSE30528 were used to identify differentially expressed immune-related genes (DEIRGs) of DKD. The expression level and clinical correlation analyses of DEIRGs were verified in the Nephroseq database. Murine podocytes were cultured to construct the high glucose-induced podocyte injury model. The reliability of the bioinformatics analysis was experimentally validated by RT-qPCR in podocytes. Networks among DEIRGs, regulators, and drugs were constructed to predict potential regulatory mechanisms for DKD. Results DKD-associated DEIRGs were identified. CCL19 and IL7R were significantly upregulated in the DKD group and negatively correlated with glomerular filtration rate (GFR). GHR , FGF1 , FYN , VEGFA , F2R , TGFBR3 , PTGDS , FGF9 , and SEMA5A were significantly decreased in the DKD group and positively correlated with GFR. RT-qPCR showed that the relative mRNA expression levels of GHR , FGF1 , FYN , TGFBR3 , PTGDS , FGF9 , and SEMA5A were significantly down-regulated in the high glucose-induced podocyte injury group. The enriched regulators for DEIRGs included 110 miRNAs and 8 TFs. The abnormal expression of DEIRGs could be regulated by 16 established drugs. Conclusions This study identified immune-related biomarkers, regulators, and drugs of DKD. The findings of the present study provide novel insights into immune-related diagnosis and treatment of DKD.
With its robust ability to integrate and learn from large sets of clinical data, artificial intelligence (AI) can now play a role in diagnosis, clinical decision making, and personalized medicine. It is probably the natural progression of traditional statistical techniques. Currently, there are many unmet needs in nephrology and, more particularly, in the kidney transplantation (KT) field. The complexity and increase in the amount of data, and the multitude of nephrology registries worldwide have enabled the explosive use of AI within the field. Nephrologists in many countries are already at the center of experiments and advances in this cutting-edge technology and our aim is to generalize the use of AI among nephrologists worldwide. In this paper, we provide an overview of AI from a medical perspective. We cover the core concepts of AI relevant to the practicing nephrologist in a consistent and simple way to help them get started, and we discuss the technical challenges. Finally, we focus on the KT field: the unmet needs and the potential role that AI can play to fill these gaps, then we summarize the published KT-related studies, including predictive factors used in each study, which will allow researchers to quickly focus on the most relevant issues.
Chronic kidney disease of unknown etiology (CKDu) has posed a serious threat to human health around the world. The link between the prevalence of CKDu and groundwater geochemistry is not well understood. To identify the potential geogenic risk factors, we collected 52 groundwater samples related to CKDu (CKDu groundwater) and 18 groundwater samples related to non-CKDu (non-CKDu groundwater) from the typical CKDu prevailing areas in Sri Lanka. Results demonstrated that CKDu groundwater had significantly higher Si (average 30.1 mg/L, p  < 0.05) and F^− (average 0.80 mg/L, p  < 0.05) concentrations than those of non-CKDu groundwater (average 21.0 and 0.45 mg/L, respectively), indicating that Si and F^− were the potential risk factors causing CKDu. The principal hydrogeochemical process controlling local groundwater chemistry was chemical weathering of silicates in Precambrian metamorphic rocks. Groundwater samples were mostly undersaturated with respect to amorphous silica and clay minerals such as talc and sepiolite, which was conducive to silicate weathering and elevated Si concentrations in groundwater. Decreased Ca^2+ being facilitated by calcite precipitation and cation exchange between Ca^2+ and Na^+ favored fluorite dissolution and thus led to high groundwater F^− concentrations. Competitive adsorption between $${\text{OH}}^{ - } /{\text{HCO}}_{3}^{ - }$$ OH - / HCO 3 - and F^− also enhanced the release of F^− from solid surfaces. This study highlights the CKDu potential risk factors regarding groundwater geochemistry and their enrichment factors, which helps in preventing the prevalence of CKDu.
Background Over 5 million patients in the United States have type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) with chronic kidney disease (CKD); antidiabetic drug selection for this population is complex and has important implications for outcomes. Objective To better understand how providers choose antidiabetic drugs in T2D with CKD Design Mixed methods. Interviews with providers underwent qualitative analysis using grounded theory to identify themes related to antidiabetic drug prescribing. A provider survey used vignettes and direct questions to quantitatively assess prescribers’ knowledge and preferences. A retrospective cohort analysis of real-world prescribing data assessed the external validity of the interview and survey findings. Participants Primary care physicians, endocrinologists, nurse-practitioners, and physicians’ assistants were eligible for interviews; primary care physicians and endocrinologists were eligible for the survey; prescribing data were derived from adult patients with serum creatinine data. Main Measures Interviews were qualitative; for the survey and retrospective cohort, proportion of patients receiving metformin was the primary outcome. Key Results Interviews with 9 providers identified a theme of uncertainty about guidelines for prescribing antidiabetic drugs in patients with T2D and CKD. The survey had 105 respondents: 74 primary care providers and 31 endocrinologists. Metformin was the most common choice for patients with T2D and CKD. Compared to primary care providers, endocrinologists were less likely to prescribe metformin at levels of kidney function at which it is contraindicated and more likely to correctly answer a question about metformin’s contraindications (71% versus 41%) ( p < .05). Real-world data were consistent with survey findings, and further showed low rates of use of sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (<10%) in patients with eGFR below 60 ml/min/1.73m^2. Conclusions Providers are unsure how to treat T2D with CKD and incompletely informed as to existing guidelines. This suggests opportunities to improve care.
Background Patient survival and physical outcomes among children with end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) have significantly improved, and recent research has focused on long-term depression symptoms and health-related quality of life (HRQOL). However, no studies have been conducted among adolescents and young adults with childhood-onset ESKD in Japan. Methods This multicenter study included 45 adolescents and young adults aged 16–39 years who developed ESKD at age < 20 years. Depression symptoms were measured using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI)-II. The Short Form-36 Health Survey (SF-36) was used to assess HRQOL. Factors associated with depression and HRQOL were analyzed. Results Depression (BDI-II score ≥ 14) was observed in 13 (29%) patients. Patient’s SF-36 physical component summary (PCS) and mental component summary (MCS) scores were comparable with those for the general population. Lower estimated glomerular filtration rate, higher BDI-II scores, and lower body mass index were associated with lower PCS scores. BDI-II scores were negatively correlated with MCS scores. We observed a trend that unemployment was associated with lower MCS scores. Conclusions Depression is frequently observed among adolescents and young adults with childhood-onset ESKD. Regular screening for psychosocial concerns, maintaining stable graft functions, and achieving optimal nutritional status may contribute to improved well-being among these patients.
Introduction Sleep disorder is a common and unpleasant symptom in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD), bringing a heavy burden on the patients and families. As a non-pharmacological therapy, exercise interventions are widely recommended for CKD patients. However, whether exercise can improve overall sleep quality in such a population remains ambiguous. The systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the effect of exercise interventions on sleep quality in CKD patients. Methods PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and ClinicalTrials.gov were searched from inception to April 22, 2022. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) added an exercise intervention to conventional treatment/usual care to assess the effect on sleep quality in CKD patients. Two authors independently selected literature, extracted data, assessed the risk of bias using the Cochrane risk of bias tool 2, and assessed the certainty of the evidence using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation. The outcome was analyzed using a random-effect model using the Hartung-Knapp-Sidik-Jonkman method as a standardized mean difference (SMD). Additional statistical analysis includes the Egger regression test, subgroup analysis, sensitivity analysis, and meta-regression. Results Nineteen articles (20 RCTs) enrolling 989 patients with CKD were included. The pooled SMD suggested favorably associated exercise interventions (SMD − 0.16; 95% CI − 0.62 to 0.31; very low evidence) with substantial heterogeneity ( I ^2 = 87%). Subgroup analyses demonstrated that SMD for sleep quality favored moderate intensity and aerobic exercise, no matter the time, but not statistically significant. Meta-regression showed that the effect size of exercise interventions on sleep quality was not associated with the total sample size, the proportion of males, duration of intervention, mean age, and exercise volume but was associated with baseline sleep scores. In addition, there may be an exercise threshold for the effect of exercise on sleep in CKD patients (i.e., 80 min/week). Conclusion This systematic review and meta-analysis suggest that exercise interventions may be associated with improved sleep quality in patients with CKD. However, high heterogeneity and a small effect size limit this result. More studies and standardized reporting of exercise intervention characteristics should be conducted in the future to strengthen the most convincing evidence in this field.
Background History of chronic kidney disease and kidney transplantation is known to influence physical performance capacity. The aim of this study was to compare the physical performance of pediatric kidney transplant recipients to healthy controls and to find possible correlations between clinical parameters and physical performance capacity. Methods Twenty-four pediatric kidney transplant recipients (62.5% boys) were tested at a median age of 10.8 years. Physical performance capacity was tested with a test set including six different components assessing muscle endurance, strength, speed, and flexibility. The control group consisted of 273 healthy age-matched schoolchildren. Clinical parameters were collected as part of routine follow-up protocol. The majority of patients (62.5%) had congenital nephrotic syndrome of Finnish type (CNS) as primary diagnosis, and therefore, the results of CNS recipients were compared to the other disease groups. Results The physical performance capacity in pediatric kidney transplant recipients was lower compared to healthy controls. Surprisingly, no statistically significant correlation was found between graft function and physical performance capacity. The CNS patients scored worse than patients with other diagnoses in all test domains except for sit-and-reach and shuttle run, but the differences did not reach statistical significance. Conclusion The physical performance of pediatric kidney transplant recipients is reduced, especially in those with congenital nephrotic syndrome. Clinical parameters, including graft function, did not predict physical performance capacity, suggesting that the reduced physical performance seems to be of multivariable cause. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Endothelial dysfunction is associated with elevated cardiovascular risk in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Kidney transplantation has demonstrated significant ability in reducing mortality and improving quality of life in recipients. Recent studies have also reported improvements in endothelial function following kidney transplantation; however, current literature is limited. Methods We performed a systematic review of PubMed/Medline, Web of Science, Scopus, Cochrane Library, and CINAHL databases for prospective cohort studies that assessed endothelial function prior to and following kidney transplantation via various clinical markers. Follow-up duration ranged from 1 month to 1 year. A meta-analysis of pooled data was conducted using random-effect models for four key markers: brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), nitroglycerin-mediated dilation (NMD), and adiponectin. Results We included nine studies in our final analysis with a total of 524 patients. Significant improvement of all four biomarkers was observed after transplantation. The mean difference was 2.81% (95% CI 1.92–3.71, p  < 0.00001) for FMD, 17.27 mg/L (95% CI 5.82–28.72, p  = 0.003) for hsCRP, 1.05%, (95% CI 0.56–1.54, p  < 0.0001) for NMD, and 9.27 µg/mL (95% CI 5.96–12.57, p  < 0.00001) for adiponectin. Conclusion There is an immediate reversal of endothelial dysfunction in ESRD patients who undergo kidney transplantation, which may explain observed improvements in cardiovascular morbidity in transplant recipients. Future longitudinal studies are needed to understand possible re-emergence of endothelial dysfunction in the long-term postoperative period.
Purpose Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common adverse event in patients undergoing hip fracture repair surgery, increasing morbidity and mortality. Our study hypothesis was that routine insertion of a urinary catheter, on admission to the hospital or immediately before surgery, will reduce AKI incidence in hip fracture patients. Methods Determined by alternating days of admission, a urinary catheter was inserted routinely on admission (catheter group) or as needed (non-catheter group) in 250 consecutive patients who presented with a hip fracture to our emergency department. The incidence of AKI according to the KDIGO criteria and morbidity and mortality were compared between the study groups. Results The overall incidence of AKI was 11.6% (29/250). The catheter group ( N  = 122) had a significantly lower rate of AKI (6.6% vs. 16% p  = 0.018). At 12-month follow-up, the overall mortality was 10.8% (27/250), in-hospital 7.4% (2/27), short-term (within 30 days) 7.4% (2/27), and long-term (30 days to 1 year) 85.8% (23/27). All in-hospital mortality occurred in the AKI group. Patients with no AKI had a better survival rate; however, the difference was not significant ( p -value = 0.21). Mortality rate was lower in the catheter group but not significant (8.2% compared with 13.8% in the non-catheter group, p  = 0.225). Post-operative respiratory and cardiac complications were more frequent in the AKI group ( p  = 0.02 and 0.043 accordingly). Conclusions Insertion of a urinary catheter upon admission or before surgery lowered AKI incidence significantly. Peri-operative AKI was associated with higher rates of post-operative complications and worse survival.
Obesity and metabolic syndrome are two important health problems that have increased in incidence in recent years in all around world. Stone occurrence and recurrence risks are increased in these diseases. Apart from general dietary recommendations for stone patients, metabolic evaluation and personalized dietary recommendations are important in these patients. Achieving a normal BMI also reduces the risks of stone occurrence and recurrence. In these patients, the Mediterranean diet and DASH diet, in which the lower animal protein intake and the higher consumption of vegetables and fruits, can be considered as suitable options in the diets to be applied to lose weight.
Excessive immunosuppression after kidney transplantation (KT) is often encountered in patients undergoing therapy for anti-rejection or autoimmune disease that requires further treatment using immunosuppressive medications (IMs), including biologic agents. We report a novel case wherein a kidney transplant recipient developed severe acute allograft injury and hemorrhagic cystitis at 4.5 years after KT due to adenovirus nephritis after treatment with infliximab for Crohn's disease. The diagnosis was made based on adenovirus immunohistochemistry staining and urine polymerase chain reaction tests. The patient was successfully treated by reducing IMs and administration of immunoglobulin even though allograft function was eventually partially recovered. When new immunosuppressive agents, particularly biologic agents, are initiated for other diseases in addition to maintenance IMs, the following points need to be regarded: (1) pay attention to opportunistic infections even in the late phase of KT, and (2) maintain communication with other specialists who prescribe biologics to ensure appropriate administration of IMs.
Background and objectives Sclerostin, dickkopf-related protein 1 (DKK1), fibroblast growth factor-23 (FGF23) and α-klotho have been shown to play an important role in bone and vascular disease of chronic kidney disease. We aimed to evaluate the evolution of these bone markers in newly kidney transplanted patients, and whether they are associated with bone metabolism and vascular stiffness. Design, setting, participants and measurements This is a longitudinal single-center observational cohort study. Circulating levels of Wnt/β-catenin pathway inhibitors (sclerostin, DKK1, FGF23 and α-klotho), arterial stiffness (carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity (PWV), carotid-radial PWV, PWV ratio, augmented index) and bone parameters were assessed before (M0), and at 3 (M3) and 6 months (M6) after transplantation. Generalized estimating equations were conducted for comparative analyses between the three time points. We used a marginal structural model for repeated measures for the impact of changes in bone markers on the evolution of arterial stiffness. Multivariate linear regression analyses were performed for the associations between Wnt/β-catenin pathway inhibitors and mineral metabolism parameters. Results We included 79 patients (70% male; median age of 53 (44–60) years old). The levels of sclerostin (2.06 ± 1.18 ng/mL at M0 to 0.88 ± 0.29 ng/mL at M6, p  ≤ 0.001), DKK1 (364.0 ± 266.7 pg/mL at M0 to 246.7 ± 149.1 pg/mL at M6, p  ≤ 0.001), FGF23 (5595 ± 9603 RU/mL at M0 to 137 ± 215 RU/mL at M6, p  ≤ 0.001) and α-klotho (457.6 ± 148.6 pg/mL at M0 to 109.8 ± 120.7 pg/mL at M6, p  < 0.05) decreased significantly after kidney transplant. Sclerostin and FGF23 were positively associated with carotid-femoral (standardized β  = 0.432, p  = 0.037 and standardized β  = 0.592, p  = 0.005) and carotid-radial PWV (standardized β  = 0.259, p  = 0.029 and standardized β  = 0.242, p  = 0.006) throughout the 6 months of follow-up. The nature of the associations between bone markers and bone metabolism parameters varies after kidney transplant. Conclusions The circulating levels of Wnt/β-catenin pathway inhibitors and α-klotho significantly decrease after kidney transplantation, while sclerostin and FGF23 levels might be associated with improvement of vascular stiffness and blood pressure. Graphical abstract 
Uncertainty of kidney exchange programs (KEP) is one of the main challenges that cause failure in most planned transplants to proceed to surgery. Unfortunately, this challenge usually decreases KEP performance in the real world. To face this challenge, we develop an efficient approach, consisting of scheduling methodology and recourse actions, to recover failing pairs and improve the number of successful transplants in KEPs. The developed policy can be implemented in two different schemes. The first scheme receives an optimal matching as an input and determines recourse actions and the sequence of disjoint cycles and chains for the given optimal matching. However, the second scheme does not need optimal matching. This scheme simultaneously receives the compatibility graph as input and specifies the optimal matching, cycles and chains’ schedule, and corresponding recourse actions. Moreover, we investigate the performance of the developed approach under various circumstances to validate its positive impact on KEP performance. The results demonstrate that this approach increases the number of successful transplants in KEPs and decreases the number of remaining highly sensitive and O blood type patients in the pool.
Background Children with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are at risk for neurocognitive deficits while simultaneously being at risk for chronic school absenteeism (≥ 18 school days per school year). Chronic school absenteeism compounds the negative impacts of CKD on academic achievement. In this study, we examined patient- and caregiver-reported factors associated with school absenteeism in children with non-dialysis- or transplant-dependent CKD in order to help identify which factors could be modifiable and ultimately improve school attendance. Methods We utilized a combination of chart review and questionnaires distributed in person to patients and caregivers at a pediatric nephrology clinic between November 2018 and August 2019 to gather data. We used descriptive statistics to illustrate clinical characteristics of the children included in the study, caregiver characteristics, and examined reported reasons for missing school. Results Twenty-one percent of participants (10/48) missed 18 full days of school or more, categorizing them as chronically absent. The top three reasons for missing school were doctor appointments, feeling sick, and being bullied. More specific sequelae of CKD were not highly reported as reasons for missing school. Conclusions Chronic absenteeism is a highly reported phenomenon among children with pediatric CKD. Given that missing school for doctor appointments was a top reason for absenteeism, this data suggests alternative appointment hours and virtual appointments may reduce chronic school absenteeism in children, and by extension improve their health, behavioral, and academic outcomes. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Bisphenol A (BPA) is one of the primary chemicals produced by volume worldwide. Extensive literature has raised many concerns about its possible involvement in the pathogenesis of kidney diseases, but its contribution has not been extensively studied. During cellular senescence, the interference of lipofuscin with cellular functions promotes further senescence, causing cellular malfunction. Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) plays an important protective role in the setting of kidney injury. The goal of the present work was to evaluate the effects of short-term treatment with low doses of BPA on cellular senescence in adult rat kidneys. Male Wistar rats were injected with vehicle (CONTROL group) or 50 or 500 μg/kg/day of BPA for 1 week (BPA50 and BPA500 groups, respectively). The kidneys were fixed in 4% buffered formaldehyde and embedded in paraffin. Immunohistochemical analyses were performed, and an immunoreactive score (IRS) was calculated. Lipofuscin autofluorescence was used for the study of cellular senescence. The renal cortex showed diffuse autofluorescent lipofuscin signal in the proximal convoluted tubules (PCTs) of males in the BPA50-treated (weak intensity) and BPA500-treated (strong intensity) groups, but not in CONTROL males. Labeling of cortical PCTs with anti-IGF-1 antibodies showed an IRS of 0 in the CONTROL group, but IRSs of 4 and 6 in the BPA50- and BPA500-treated groups, respectively. The present results suggest that low, “safe” doses of BPA induce renal injury, as measured by histological signs of renal changes, increased cellular senescence, and activation of cellular repair systems in PCTs.
The aim of this narrative non-systematic review was to investigate the potential interplay among frailty syndrome, sarcopenia and diabetic kidney disease (DKD) in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Data derived from a limited number of studies underline that DKD is a significant risk factor for frailty. On the other hand, frailty syndrome poses a higher risk for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) in subjects with DKD. In addition, frailty seems to affect the cognitive function and social life of DKD individuals, whilst as DKD deteriorates, there is a higher prevalence of sarcopenia which is a fundamental frailty factor. As a result, it is shown that a bidirectional relation is established between these entities, as diabetes mellitus (DM) affects the components of frailty and sarcopenia and vice versa. This vicious cycle is created through multiple pathophysiologic mechanisms, including the anabolic role of insulin, low-grade inflammation, cytokines and endothelial function, prompting further investigation in this area. Specific nutritional and exercise interventions are imperative to be established in order to ameliorate potential adverse outcomes, concerning these entities.
Urolithiasis, which prevalence is increasing, poses a risk for chronic kidney disease in patients. Dietary habits play a significant role in stone formation, growth and recurrence. Also, comorbidities and lifestyle changes are among the factors affecting stone formation. The next step should be to detect metabolic disorders, if any, with analyzes to be made after a detailed anamnesis, and to arrange the necessary treatment. Insufficient fluid intake is considered to be the main dietary risk factor for urolithiasis. A daily fluid intake of 2.5–3.0 L/day or diuresis of 2.0–2.5 L/day is recommended to prevent recurrence of kidney stones. Not all beverages are beneficial, and some may even increase the risk of stone formation. Dietary management, vitamins and supplements, physical activity are important components in reducing the risk of recurrent urolithiasis. A detailed dietary assessment is recommended as dietary habits affect the faith of the disease. In this review we evaluated the dietary approach of urolithiasis patients with and without comorbidities, the recommended daily fluid intake, vitamin supplementation, and relation of the urolithiasis with physical activity.
Background Preventing ischemia‒reperfusion injury (IRI) is a major issue in kidney transplantation, particularly for transplant recipients receiving a kidney from extended criteria donors (ECD). The main consequence of IRI is delayed graft function (DGF). Hypoxia is one of the key factors in IRI, suggesting that the use of an oxygen carrier as an additive to preservation solution may be useful. In the OxyOp trial, we showed that the organs preserved using the oxygen carrier HEMO2life® displayed significantly less DGF. In the OxyOp2 trial, we aim to definitively test and quantify the efficacy of HEMO2life® for organ preservation in a large population of kidney grafts. Methods OxyOp2 is a prospective, multicenter, randomized, comparative, single-blinded, parallel-group study versus standard of care in renal transplantation. After the selection of a suitable donor according to the inclusion/exclusion criteria, both kidneys will be used in the study. Depending on the characteristics of the donor, both kidneys will be preserved either in static cold storage (standard donors) or on machine perfusion (for ECD and deceased-after-cardiac-death donors (DCD)). The kidneys resulting from one donor will be randomized: one to the standard-of-care arm (organ preserved in preservation solution routinely used according to the local practice) and the other to the active treatment arm (HEMO2life® on top of routinely used preservation solution). HEMO2life® will be used for ex vivo graft preservation at a dose of 1 g/l preservation solution. The primary outcome is the occurrence of DGF, defined as the need for renal replacement therapy during the first week after transplantation. Discussion The use of HEMO2life® in preservation solutions is a novel approach allowing, for the first time, the delivery of oxygen to organs. Improving graft survival by limiting ischemic lesions is a major public-health goal in the field of organ transplantation. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov, ID: NCT04181710 . registered on November 29, 2019.
Background Chronic renal failure is mainly connected with high and low parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels and immunological impairments. The present study aimed to evaluate T helper 17 (Th17) cells as a crucial modulator of the immune system and skeletal homeostasis in hemodialysis patients with impaired intact PTH (iPTH). Methods In this research, blood samples were taken from ESRD patients with high (> 300 pg/mL), normal (150–300 pg/mL), and low (< 150 pg/mL) serum intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH( levels (n = 30 in each group). The frequency of Th17 (CD4^+ IL17^+) cells was evaluated by flow cytometry in each group. The expression levels of Th17 cell-related master transcription factors, cytokines in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC), and Th cells, and the level of the mentioned cytokines were determined in the supernatant of PBMCs. Results The number of Th17 cells remarkably increased in subjects with high iPTH against low and normal iPTH. Also, RORɣt and STAT3 levels were significantly higher in high iPTH ESRD patients than in other groups in the expression of mRNA and protein levels. These findings are confirmed by evaluating the IL-17 and IL-23 in the supernatant of cultured PBMCs and isolated Th cells. Conclusion Our findings indicated that increased serum PTH levels in hemodialysis cases may be involved in increasing the differentiation of CD4 + cells to Th17 cells in PBMC.
The increasing number of patients undergoing dialysis due to diabetes mellitus (DM) is causing serious economic problems, and its reduction is an urgent policy issue in developed countries, including Japan. We aimed to assess the association between the annual rapid decline in renal function and health checkup measures, including blood pressure, to identify health guidance targets for preventing diabetic nephropathy (DN) and diabetic kidney disease (DKD) among individuals in a medical checkup system (“Tokuteikenshin” program) in 2018. This longitudinal analysis included 3,673,829 individuals who participated in the “Tokuteikenshin” program in 2018, had hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels ≥5.6%, were available for follow-up, and underwent estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) evaluation. We estimated the incidence of the relative annual decrease in eGFR ≥10% per 1000 person-years and odds ratios to evaluate the rapid decline in renal function and determine health guidance goals and their role in preventing DN and DKD. Overall, 20.83% of patients with DM had a rapid decline in renal function within the observation period. A rapid decline in renal function was associated with high systolic blood pressure, poor or strict DM control, increased urinary protein excretion, and decreased blood hemoglobin levels. The incidence of rapid decline in renal function is higher in DM, and appropriate systolic blood pressure and glycemic control are important to prevent the progression to DN or DKD. Our findings will be useful for researchers, clinicians, and other public health care members in establishing effective health guidance and guidelines for CKD prevention.
Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) plays a key role in the regulation of calcium oxalate (CaOx) crystals-induced kidney stone formation and deposition. The purpose of this study is to study the effect of lncRNA LINC01197 on CaOx-induced kidney stone formation and the underlying mechanism. Crystal cell adhesion in HK-2 cells was evaluated by analyzing Ca2+ concentration. Apoptosis was detected by flow cytometry. The RT-qPCR and western blot were used to detect the mRNA and protein expression. Patients with kidneys stones showed down-regulated LINC01197 and SIRT3 expression, and up-regulated miR-516b-5p expression. LINC01197 knockdown promoted CaOx-induced cell adherence and cell apoptosis, increased Bax, decreased Bcl-2 expression. Luciferase reporter assay showed that SIRT3 expression was promoted by LINC01197 competing binds to miR-516b-5p. In addition, LINC01197 expression was promoted by SIRT3/FOXO1 overexpression, and could be reversed by FOXO1 knockdown. In conclusion, the present study revealed that lncRNA LINC01197 inhibited CaOx-induced kidney stones formation by regulating the miR-516b-5p/SIRT3/FOXO1 signaling pathway.
Background Atypical hemolytic syndrome (aHUS) and C3 glomerulopathy (C3G) are complement-mediated rare diseases with excessive activation of the alternative pathway. Data to guide the evaluation of living-donor candidates for aHUS and C3G are very limited. The outcomes of living donors to recipients with aHUS and C3G (Complement disease-living donor group) were compared with a control group to improve our understanding of the clinical course and outcomes of living donation in this context. Methods Complement disease-living donor group [ n  = 28; aHUS(53.6%), C3G(46.4%)] and propensity score-matched control-living donor group ( n  = 28) were retrospectively identified from 4 centers (2003–2021) and followed for major cardiac events (MACE), de novo hypertension, thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA), cancer, death, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and proteinuria after donation. Results None of the donors for recipients with complement-related kidney diseases experienced MACE or TMA whereas two donors in the control group developed MACE (7.1%) after 8 (IQR, 2.6–12.8) years ( p  = 0.15). New-onset hypertension was similar between complement disease and control donor groups (21.4% vs 25%, respectively, p  = 0.75). There were no differences between study groups regarding last eGFR and proteinuria levels ( p  = 0.11 and p  = 0.70, respectively). One related donor for a recipient with complement-related kidney disease developed gastric cancer and another related donor developed a brain tumor and died in the 4th year after donation (2, 7.1% vs none, p  = 0.15). No recipient had donor-specific human leukocyte antigen antibodies at the time of transplantation. Median follow-up period of transplant recipients was 5 years (IQR, 3–7). Eleven (39.3%) recipients [aHUS (n = 3) and C3G (n = 8)] lost their allografts during the follow-up period. Causes of allograft loss were chronic antibody-mediated rejection in 6 recipients and recurrence of C3G in 5. Last serum creatinine and last eGFR of the remaining patients on follow up were 1.03 ± 038 mg/dL and 73.2 ± 19.9 m/min/1.73 m2 for aHUS patients and 1.30 ± 0.23 mg/dL and 56.4 ± 5.5 m/min/1.73 m2 for C3G patients. Conclusion The present study highlights the importance and complexity of living related-donor kidney transplant for patients with complement-related kidney disorders and motivates the need for further research to determine the optimal risk-assessment for living donor candidates to recipients with aHUS and C3G. Graphical abstract 
Introduction Despite the prevalence of renal impairments, the existing literature examining fracture healing in the upper limb in patients with renal impairment is sparse. This study hence aims to investigate the effect of renal impairment on time to fracture healing after distal radius fracture fixation surgery. Materials and methods Patients above 50 years old who underwent distal radius fracture fixation via volar plating were included. Time to fracture healing was defined as duration between day of surgery and presence of radiographic union as evidence by bridging of callus or osseous bone. To assess for renal impairment, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated based on the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation. Pre-existing comorbidities were also collected and analysed. Results Ninety-nine consecutive patients took mean 65.5 ± 8.0 days to fracture healing post-operatively. Patients with renal impairment had longer time to fracture healing than patients without (67.1 ± 50.4 days versus 50.4 ± 31.8 days, p  = 0.044). Patients ≥ 65 years also had a longer duration to fracture healing compared to patients < 65 years (mean 63.7 ± 53.0 days versus 50.2 ± 27.2 days, p  = 0.033). Similarly, patients with ASA Class I had a shorter mean time to fracture healing than patients with ASA Class II and above (mean 42.5 ± 22.8 days versus 62.8 ± 47.6 days, p  = 0.028). Conclusions Time to fracture healing post-distal radius fracture fixation was significantly related to renal impairment, age and ASA classification.
Background Perioperative acute kidney injury (AKI) caused by ischemia–reperfusion (IR) is a significant contributor to mortality and morbidity after major surgery. Furosemide is commonly used in postoperative patients to promote diuresis and reduce tissue edema. However, the effects of furosemide on renal microcirculation, oxygenation and function are poorly understood during perioperative period following ischemic insult. Herein, we investigated the effects of furosemide in rats subjected IR insult. Methods 24 Wistar albino rats were divided into 4 groups, with 6 in each; Sham-operated Control (C), Control + Furosemide (C + F), ischemia/reperfusion (IR), and IR + F. After induction of anesthesia (BL), supra-aortic occlusion was applied to IR and IR + F groups for 45 min followed by ongoing reperfusion for 15 min (T1) and 2 h (T2). Furosemide infusion was initiated simultaneously in the intervention groups after ischemia. Renal blood flow (RBF), vascular resistance (RVR), oxygen delivery (DO_2ren) and consumption (VO_2ren), sodium reabsorption (TNa^+), oxygen utilization efficiency (VO_2/TNa^+), cortical (CμO_2) and medullary (MμO_2) microvascular oxygen pressures, urine output (UO) and creatinine clearance (Ccr) were measured. Biomarkers of inflammation, oxidative and nitrosative stress were measured and kidneys were harvested for histological analysis. Results IR significantly decreased RBF, mainly by increasing RVR, which was exacerbated in the IR + F group at T2 (2198 ± 879 vs 4233 ± 2636 dyne/s/cm^5, p = 0.07). CμO_2 (61.6 ± 6.8 vs 86 ± 6.6 mmHg) and MμO_2 (51.1 ± 4.1 vs 68.7 ± 4.9 mmHg, p < 0.05) were both reduced after IR and did not improve by furosemide. Moreover, VO_2/TNa^+ increased in the IR + F group at T2 with respect to the IR group (IR: 3.3 ± 2 vs IR + F: 8.2 ± 10 p = 0.07) suggesting a possible deterioration of oxygen utilization. Ccr did not change, but plasma creatinine increased significantly in IR + F groups. Histopathology revealed widespread damage both in the cortex and medulla in IR, IR + F and C + F groups. Conclusion Renal microvascular oxygenation, renal function, renal vascular resistance, oxygen utilization and damage were not improved by furosemide administration after IR insult. Our study suggests that furosemide may cause additional structural and functional impairment to the kidney following ischemic injury and should be used with caution.
Objectives To prospectively investigate the capability of arterial spin labeling (ASL) and intravoxel incoherent motion diffusion-weighted imaging (IVIM-DWI) for the identification of early kidney injury in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients with normal estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Methods Fifty-four CKD patients confirmed by renal biopsy (normal eGFR group [eGFR ≥ 90 mL/min/1.73 m^2]: n = 26; abnormal eGFR group [eGFR < 90 mL/min/1.73 m^2]: n = 28) and 20 healthy volunteers (HV) were recruited. All subjects were examined by IVIM-DWI and ASL imaging. Renal blood flow (RBF) derived from ASL, true diffusion coefficient (D), pseudo-diffusion coefficient (D*), and perfusion fraction (f) derived from IVIM-DWI were measured from the renal cortex. One-way analysis of variance was used to compare MRI parameters among the three groups. The correlation between eGFR and MRI parameters was evaluated by Spearman correlation analysis. Diagnostic performances of MRI parameters for detecting kidney injury were assessed by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. Results The renal cortical D, D*, f, and RBF values showed statistically significant differences among the three groups. eGFR was positively correlated with MRI parameters (D: r = 0.299, D*: r = 0.569, f: r = 0.733, RBF: r = 0.586). The areas under the curve (AUCs) for discriminating CKD patients from HV were 0.725, 0.752, 0.947, and 0.884 by D, D*, f, and RBF, respectively. D, D*, f, RBF, and eGFR identified CKD patients with normal eGFR with AUCs of 0.735, 0.612, 0.917, 0.827, and 0.733, respectively, and AUC of f value was significantly larger than that of eGFR. Conclusion IVIM-DWI and ASL were useful for detecting underlying pathologic injury in early CKD patients with normal eGFR. Key Points • The renal cortical f and RBF values in the control group were significantly higher than those in the normal eGFR group. • A negative correlation was observed between the renal cortical D, D*, f, and RBF values and SCr and 24 h-UPRO, while eGFR was significantly positively correlated with renal cortical D, D*, f, and RBF values. • The AUC of renal cortical f values was statistically larger than that of eGFR for the discrimination between the CKD with normal eGFR group and the control group.
The complement cascade is an important part of the innate immune system. In addition to helping the body to eliminate pathogens, however, complement activation also contributes to the pathogenesis of a wide range of kidney diseases. Recent work has revealed that uncontrolled complement activation is the key driver of several rare kidney diseases in children, including atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome and C3 glomerulopathy. In addition, a growing body of literature has implicated complement in the pathogenesis of more common kidney diseases, including acute kidney injury (AKI). Complement-targeted therapeutics are in use for a variety of diseases, and an increasing number of therapeutic agents are under development. With the implication of complement in the pathogenesis of AKI, complement-targeted therapeutics could be trialed to prevent or treat this condition. In this review, we discuss the evidence that the complement system is activated in pediatric patients with AKI, and we review the role of complement proteins as biomarkers and therapeutic targets in patients with AKI.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is common in patients with sepsis and septic shock. Urine output and serum creatinine (SCr) levels are the criteria for diagnosing AKI. However, the application of these levels in the diagnosis of AKI has limitations. Objective To detect the expression of various adhesion factors in different stages of AKI as defined by Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) and to analyse their relationship with the prognosis of patients with sepsis-induced AKI (S-AKI). Methods Adult patients with sepsis who were admitted to the hospital between June 2019 and May 2020 were included. Of 90 adult patients with sepsis, 58 had S-AKI. Sixty-seven subjects without sepsis were used as controls. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kits were used to measure E-selectin (CD62E), L-selectin (CD62L), P-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1), and their relationship with the prognosis of patients with S-AKI patients was analysed. Receiver operating characteristic curves were used to analyse the predictive value of different adhesion factors on renal resistance index and renal function recovery. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to identify factors associated with renal recovery. Results The expression of CD62L was significantly higher in S-AKI patients than in non-AKI patients with sepsis. Compared with the non-AKI group, Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II and Sequential Organ Failure Assessment scores were significantly higher in the AKI group than in the non-AKI group ( P  < 0.05). Mean blood pressure, SCr levels and procalcitonin levels were higher in the AKI group than in the non-AKI group ( P  < 0.05 for all). The CD62L levels decreased with increasing S-AKI stage. The CD62E levels were highest in S-AKI stage 2, and the VCAM-1 levels were highest in S-AKI stage 3. All patients with S-AKI were followed up with for 28 days. The results found that VCAM-1 was the best predictor of renal recovery in patients with S-AKI. Conclusion CD62L is an indicator of S-AKI stage1, and CD62E is an indicator of S-AKI stage 2. In addition, VCAM-I demonstrated satisfactory performance in predicting early recovery of renal function in patients with S-AKI.
Acute allograft injury was observed in a 37-year-old woman within a few weeks after kidney transplantation. Neither renal ultrasound nor computerized tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance (MR) angiography revealed any anomaly. An MR protocol was then performed including arterial spin labeling and intravoxel incoherent motion diffusion weighted imaging. Both arterial spin labeling and the perfusion fraction in the diffusion weighted imaging showed decreased perfusion compared to reference values. The patient subsequently underwent angiography, where an arteriovenous fistula in the upper calix of the transplant kidney was detected and immediate embolization was performed. A second functional MR, performed one week later, demonstrated a 40% increase in organ perfusion. We conclude that functional MR with arterial spin labeling and intravoxel incoherent motion have the potential to provide complementary information of clinical value to conventional imaging for monitoring renal allografts.
Background The donation of what might be termed expanded criteria kidneys has become an increasingly common practice. This study aimed to assign expanded criteria and non-expanded criteria donation status and examine early clinical and economic outcomes among expanded criteria and non-expanded criteria living kidney donor (LKD) hospitalizations in the US. Methods Healthcare cost and Utilization Project—National (Nationwide) Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) data (Jan 2008–Dec 2019, N  = 12,020) were used. Expanded criteria LKDs were identified as admitted patients aged ≥ 60 years, or 50–59 years with any comorbidity that historically precluded donation. The Clavien–Dindo system was applied to classify surgical complications as grade I–IV/V. Results The number of LKD admissions decreased by 31% over the study period, although this trend fluctuated over time. Compared to non-expanded criteria LKD admissions, expanded criteria LKD admissions had comparable surgical complication rates in Grade I (aOR 1.0, 0.8–1.3), but significantly higher surgical complication rates in Grade II (aOR 1.5, 1.1–2.2) and Grade III (aOR 1.4, 1.0–2.0). The two groups had comparable hospital length of stay and cost in the adjusted models. Notably, Grade II complications were significantly higher in private, for-profit hospitals (15%) compared to government hospitals (2.9%). Conclusions Expanded criteria LKDs had comparable early outcomes compared to non-expanded criteria LKDs, but the trends evident in LKDs over time and the variation in complication records warrant further research. Graphical abstract 
Considering the high prevalence and the lack of targeted pharmacological management of acute kidney injury (AKI), the search for new therapeutic approaches for it is in urgent demand. Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) have been increasingly recognized as a promising candidate for the treatment of AKI. However, clinical translation of MSCs-based therapies is hindered due to the poor retention and survival rates as well as the impaired paracrine ability of MSCs post-delivery. To address these issues, a series of strategies including local administration, three-dimensional culture, and preconditioning have been applied. Owing to the emergence and development of these novel biotechnologies, the effectiveness of MSCs in experimental AKI models is greatly improved. Here, we summarize the different approaches suggested to optimize the efficacy of MSCs therapy, aiming at promoting the therapeutic effects of MSCs on AKI patients.
Mucormycosis is an opportunistic fungal infection which was earlier seen only in immunocompromised patients. With the recent covid pandemic, there had been a drastic surge in cases of mucormycosis worldwide and especially in India. Here, we present an unusual case of biopsy proven invasive mandibular mucormycosis in a patient with chronic kidney disease and a history of COVID-19 infection. The patient was given low-dose amphotericin B and underwent surgical debridement with a successful outcome.
Critical illness polyneuropathy (CIP) is a very rare complication of sepsis and multi-organ failure. Herein, we report the first case of CIP reported in a patient on maintenance hemodialysis, who improved with rehabilitation. A 55-year-old male patient was emergently admitted with fever and altered consciousness and diagnosed with bacterial meningitis based on cerebral spinal fluid and cranial magnetic resonance imaging findings. Methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus was detected in blood and cerebral spinal fluid cultures. Despite treatment with appropriate antibiotics, blood cultures were positive for 9 days and serum C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were persistently elevated. Magnetic resonance imaging of hands and feet to determine infection origin revealed osteomyelitis in several fingers and toes, which required the amputation of 14 necrotic fingers and toes. Thereafter, blood cultures became negative and CRP levels declined. However, flaccid paralysis was noted in both upper and lower extremities during sepsis treatment. Nerve conduction studies showed peripheral axonal disorder in motor and sensory nerves, and CIP was determined as the cause of paralysis based on the fulfillment of all four CIP diagnostic criteria. The patient’s muscle strength improved with early and appropriate medical treatment and physical therapy, and he was discharged home 147 days after admission. Prolonged high-level inflammation is a cause of CIP. Patients on hemodialysis, who are potentially immunosuppressed and vulnerable to infection, are at high risk for CIP. In patients on maintenance hemodialysis who develop flaccid paralysis during treatment for severe infection, CIP should be considered for early diagnosis and intervention.
Zinc oxide nanoparticles (ZnO NPs) are widely used in many fields due to their unique physicochemical properties. However, the renal toxicity of ZnO NPs and the underlying mechanisms have not been well studied. We found that ZnO NPs induced injury in human renal proximal tubular epithelial cells (HK-2) in a dose- and size-dependent manner, as revealed by CCK-8, LDH and Annexin V-FITC assays. Mechanistically, ZnO NPs promoted oxidative stress and mitochondrial damage by generating ROS and induced apoptosis in HK-2 cells, as evidenced by the upregulation of Bax and Caspase 3 and downregulation of Beclin 1. In vivo, ZnO NPs induced tubular epithelial cell apoptosis and increased serum creatinine, serum urea nitrogen, and urinary protein in mice, suggesting damage to renal structure and function. These findings clarified our understanding of the biological mechanisms underlying ZnO NP-induced renal tubular epithelial cell injury and contributed to estimating the risk of ZnO NPs to the kidney.
Background The association between serum uric acid (SUA) concentration and kidney outcomes in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is controversial. Furthermore, there are no reports regarding the association of clearance of uric acid (CUA) with kidney outcomes. We aimed to determine whether SUA or CUA was associated with kidney outcomes in patients with CKD stratified by sex. Methods The present prospective study was conducted in 815 patients (523 men and 292 women) with CKD. The participants were divided into quartiles (Q1–Q4) of SUA or CUA for each sex. Endpoints were defined as a composite of doubling of serum creatinine (SCr), end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), or death (outcome 1) and a composite of doubling of SCr or ESKD (outcome 2). Results During a median follow-up of 2.5 years, outcomes 1 and 2 occurred in 363 and 321 patients, respectively. Multivariable-adjusted Cox analyses showed that in men, the hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) for outcome 1 of Q1, Q2, and Q3 of CUA were 2.08 (1.18–3.70), 2.03 (1.22–3.39), and 1.85 (1.17–2.95), respectively, compared with Q4. Additionally, there were similar associations between lower CUA quartiles and outcome 2 in men. However, no associations between SUA and either outcome were observed in men. Conversely, in women, neither SUA nor CUA was associated with an outcome. Conclusion In CKD, lower CUA was independently associated with poor kidney outcomes only in men, and in both sexes, there was no association of SUA with kidney outcomes.
Nedosiran is an N -acetyl-D-galactosamine (GalNAc)–conjugated RNA interference agent targeting hepatic lactate dehydrogenase (encoded by the LDHA gene), the putative enzyme mediating the final step of oxalate production in all three genetic subtypes of primary hyperoxaluria (PH). This phase I study assessed the safety, pharmacokinetics (PK), and pharmacodynamics (PD) of subcutaneous nedosiran in patients with PH subtype 3 (PH3) and an estimated glomerular filtration rate  ≥ 30 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Single-dose nedosiran 3 mg/kg or placebo was administered in a randomized (2:1), double-blinded manner. Safety/tolerability, 24-h urinary oxalate (Uox) concentrations, and plasma nedosiran concentrations were assessed. The main PD endpoint was the proportion of participants achieving a > 30% decrease from baseline in 24-h Uox at two consecutive visits. Six participants enrolled in and completed the study (nedosiran, n = 4; placebo, n = 2). Nedosiran was well-tolerated and lacked safety concerns. Although the PD response was not met, 24-h Uox excretion declined 24.5% in the nedosiran group and increased 10.5% in the placebo group at Day 85. Three of four nedosiran recipients had a > 30% reduction in 24-h Uox excretion during at least one visit, and one attained near‐normal (i.e., ≥ 0.46 to < 0.60 mmol/24 h; ≥ 1.0 to < 1.3 × upper limit of the normal reference range) 24-h Uox excretion from Day 29 to Day 85. Nedosiran displayed predictable plasma PK. The acceptable safety and trend toward Uox-lowering after single-dose nedosiran treatment enables further clinical development of nedosiran in patients with PH3 who currently have no viable therapeutic options. A plain language summary is available in the supplementary information.
Background Endometriosis mainly occurs in female pelvic organs. Endometriosis in the kidney is extremely rare. Case presentation We herein describe a case of a 19-year-old girl with occasional mild abdominal pain associated with an ectopic left kidney. SPECT-CT showed no abnormal radioactive distribution in the left pelvis, suggesting loss of function of the ectopic kidney. Laparoscopic left ectopic kidney resection was subsequently performed. Histopathology revealed endometriosis of the ectopic left kidney. Conclusions In female patients with clinical manifestations of abdominal pain and gross hematuria, the possibility of renal endometriosis should be considered.
Objective Delayed graft function (DGF) and early graft loss of renal grafts are determined by the quality of the kidneys from the deceased donor. As “non-traditional” risk factors, serum biomarkers of donors, such as lipids and electrolytes, have drawn increasing attention due to their effects on the postoperative outcomes of renal grafts. This study aimed to examine the value of these serum biomarkers for prediction of renal graft function. Methods The present study consecutively collected 306 patients who underwent their first single kidney transplantation (KT) from adult deceased donors in our center from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2019. The correlation between postoperative outcomes [DGF and abnormal serum creatinine (SCr) after 6 and 12 months] and risk factors of donors, including gender, age, body mass index (BMI), past histories, serum lipid biomarkers [cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (DL)], and serum electrolytes (calcium and sodium) were analyzed and evaluated. Results (1) Donor age and pre-existing hypertension were significantly correlated with the incidence rate of DGF and high SCr level (≥2 mg/dL) at 6 and 12 months after KT ( P <0.05); (2) The donor’s BMI was significantly correlated with the incidence rate of DGF after KT ( P <0.05); (3) For serum lipids, merely the low level of serum HDL of the donor was correlated with the reduced incidence rate of high SCr level at 12 months after KT [ P <0.05, OR (95% CI): 0.425 (0.202–0.97)]; (4) The serum calcium of the donor was associated with the reduced incidence rate of high SCr level at 6 and 12 months after KT [ P <0.05, OR (95% CI): 0.184 (0.045–0.747) and P <0.05, OR (95% CI): 0.114 (0.014–0.948), respectively]. Conclusion The serum HDL and calcium of the donor may serve as predictive factors for the postoperative outcomes of renal grafts after KT, in addition to the donor’s age, BMI and pre-existing hypertension.
Kidney is a homeostasis organ in vertebrates involved in metabolizing and excreting molecules in the system. Diabetes is a known clinical disease characterized by persistent hyperglycemia, which induced oxidative stress. This study compared the effect of the extracts from scent (SLE), mentha (MLE), and thyme (TLE) leafy spices on blood glucose levels, renal purinergic enzymes [adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase), 5′-nucleotidase, and adenosine deaminase (ADA)], and antioxidant enzyme [glutathione transferase, superoxide dismutase, and catalase activities, and non-enzymatic antioxidant molecules [reactive species and thiol level in the pancreas tissue, and the level of urea, uric acid (AU), and creatinine in the serum of diabetic rats. Male (adult) Wistar rats were divided into nine (9) groups ( n  = 7). They were made diabetic with a single dose of 50 mg/kg STZ intraperitoneally (i.p.) except for the normal control group. Thereafter, the rats were administered with the studied extracts for 14 days. Blood glucose levels, renal purinergic enzymes, pancreatic antioxidant status, serum urea, uric acid (AU), and creatinine levels were determined. The study revealed that blood glucose levels and purinergic enzyme activities as well as kidney biomarkers in the serum were reduced, and that antioxidant enzyme activities and the level of thiols became better in renal extract-treated diabetic rats. Interestingly, it was observed that the 400 mg/mL TLE was more effective. In conclusion, the oral administration of extracts from the studied leafy spices could have beneficial effects against diabetic nephropathy.
Background De novo urothelial carcinoma (UC) is a leading cause of death after kidney transplant (KT). The efficacy of various treatments, apart from surgery, and the prognosis for patients with urothelial carcinoma after kidney transplantation remain unclear. Methods We retrospectively reviewed the efficacy of chemotherapy with gemcitabine + cisplatin (GC) or gemcitabine + carboplatin (GCa), bladder infusion chemotherapy, and immunosuppression therapy for de novo UC in kidney transplantation recipients at different sites and T stages. We evaluated the prognosis and compared the difference using Kaplan-Meier analysis and the log-rank test. Results Of the 97 kidney transplantation recipients with de novo UC, 51 (52.6%) were diagnosed with upper urinary tract carcinoma (UTUC), 17 (17.5%) with bladder carcinoma (BC), and 29 (29.9%) with both UTUC and BC. The five-year survival rates for BC, UTUC, and BC + UTUC with ≤ T1 stage were 100%, 88.2%, and 57.7%, respectively, while the survival rates for UTUC, BC + UTUC with ≥ T2 stage were 90.2% and 48.2%. Cyclosporine A significantly improved progression-free survival (PFS) in UTUC with ≤ T1 stage ( p  = 0.017). Rapamycin significantly improved PFS in UTUC with ≥ T2 stage ( p  = 0.026). Bladder infusion chemotherapy and GC/GCa chemotherapy had no significant effect on each T stage and site. Patients with UTUC + BC had the poorest overall survival (OS) compared with those with BC and UTUC. Conclusion The prognosis of UC in different sites varies. GC/GCa chemotherapy and bladder infusion chemotherapy appear to have no effect on prognosis. Rapamycin can delay the progression of advanced UTUC.
Although retroperitoneal surgery has demonstrated a better quality of recovery compared to transperitoneal routes, Retroperitoneal Robot Assisted Partial Nephrectomy (RRAPN) remains proportionally infrequent. As the boundaries of what is achievable robotically continue to be pushed, we present our experience at a high-volume tertiary referral centre that specialises in retroperitoneal surgery, exploring its feasibility as standard of care in the management of small renal masses. A prospective database of 784 RAPNs (2009–2020) was reviewed and 721 RRAPNs (92%) were performed at our centre. In our practice, we utilise a four-port approach to RRAPN. Patient, tumour and operative characteristics were assessed and both oncological outcomes and trifecta and pentafecta achievements were determined. Pentafecta was defined as achieving trifecta (negative surgical margin, no post-operative complications and WIT of < 25 min) plus over 90% estimated GFR preservation and no CKD stage upgrading at 1 year. Multivariate analysis was conducted to predict peri-operative factors which may prevent achieving a trifecta/pentafecta outcome. From 784 cases, 112 RAPNs were performed for imperative reasons, whilst the remainder were elective. Mean BMI ± s.d amongst our cohort was 28.6 ± 5.7. Mean tumour size was 3.1 cm (range 0.8–10.5 cm) and 47% of cases were stratified as intermediate/high risk using R.E.N.A.L nephrometry scoring. Forty-six patients had lesions in a hilar location, and 31% were anterior. Median blood loss was 30mls, with an open conversion rate of 1% and transfusion rate of 1.6%. Median warm ischaemic time (WIT) was 21 min, positive surgical margins were found in 4% and our post-operative Clavien 3/ > complication rate was 2.6%. We had a 1-day median length of stay with a 30 day readmission rate of 2%. Of 631 patients (80%) with a definitive histological diagnosis of cancer, 23% had T1b/ > disease. Over a mean 15 month follow-up period (range 1–125 months), 2% of patients developed recurrences and our cohort demonstrated a 99% 5 year cancer specific survival. Trifecta was achieved in 67% of cases and pentafecta in 47%. Age ( p  = 0.05), operative time ( p  = 0.008), pT1b tumours ( p  = 0.03), R.E.N.A.L score and blood loss ( p  = 0.001) were found to statistically significantly influence achievement of trifecta. Pentafecta achievement was influenced by R.E.N.A.L score ( p  = 0.008), operative time ( p  = 0.001) and blood loss ( p  = 0.001). We demonstrate the retroperitoneal approach in RAPN is feasible and safe irrespective of lesion location and complexity. In the hands of high-volume centres that are skilled in the retroperitoneal approach the benefits of retroperitoneal surgery can be extended even to challenging cohorts of patients without compromising their oncological or functional outcomes.
Renal disorders are an emerging global public health issue with a higher growth rate despite progress in supportive therapies. In order to find more promising treatments to stimulate renal repair, stem cell-based technology has been proposed as a potentially therapeutic option. The self-renewal and proliferative nature of stem cells raised the hope to fight against various diseases. Similarly, it opens a new path for the treatment and repair of damaged renal cells. This review focuses on the types of renal diseases; acute and chronic kidney disease—their statistical data, and the conventional drugs used for treatment. It includes the possible stem cell therapy mechanisms involved and outcomes recorded so far, the limitations of using these regenerative medicines, and the progressive improvement in stem cell therapy by adopting approaches like PiggyBac, Sleeping Beauty, and the Sendai virus. Specifically, about the paracrine activities of amniotic fluid stem cells, renal stem cells, embryonic stem cells, mesenchymal stem cell, induced pluripotent stem cells as well as other stem cells.
Introduction Early antibody-mediated rejection has been reported to increase chronic antibody-mediated rejection and decrease graft survival in kidney transplantation. However, the impact of early antibody-mediated rejection in ABO-incompatible kidney transplantation remains unclear. Methods We retrospectively analyzed living-donor kidney transplantation patients from two Korean centers. Patients were categorized based on ABO compatibility and early antibody-mediated rejection within 1 year. The primary outcome was chronic antibody-mediated rejection. The secondary outcomes were production of de novo donor-specific antibody and composite kidney outcome, defined as graft loss or a decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate to below 30 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Results A total of 1639 patients were analyzed, including 1292 patients who underwent ABO-compatible kidney transplantation and 347 patients who underwent ABO-incompatible kidney transplantation. ABO-incompatible kidney transplantation had a lower risk of de novo donor-specific antibody production (hazard ratio [HR] 0.68, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.48–0.95) and chronic antibody-mediated rejection (HR 0.33, 95% CI 0.12–0.92) with a comparable risk of the composite kidney outcome (HR 1.06, 95% CI 0.71–1.59) compared to ABO-compatible kidney transplantation. When outcomes of ABO-incompatible kidney transplantation were analyzed according to early antibody-mediated rejection, ABO-incompatible kidney transplantation without antibody-mediated rejection had a lower risk of de novo donor-specific antibody production (HR 0.60, 95% CI 0.41–0.88) and chronic antibody-mediated rejection (HR 0.28, 95% CI 0.09–0.91) than ABO-compatible kidney transplantation without antibody-mediated rejection. However, ABO-incompatible kidney transplantation with antibody-mediated rejection showed a higher risk of de novo donor-specific antibody production and similar risk of chronic antibody-mediated rejection compared to ABO-compatible kidney transplantation without antibody-mediated rejection. Conclusions ABO-incompatible kidney transplantation showed a lower risk of de novo donor-specific antibody production and chronic antibody-mediated rejection compared to ABO-compatible kidney transplantation; however, early antibody-mediated rejection abrogated these beneficial effects of ABO-incompatible kidney transplantation. Graphical abstract 
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is associated with liver cirrhosis (LC), water retention, diuretics to treat water retention, and a poor prognosis. Urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (uNGAL) reportedly predicts a poor prognosis in decompensated LC. This study investigated the usefulness of uNGAL in predicting the short- and long-term effects of tolvaptan (TVP) and the incidence of AKI post-TVP administration. Methods Of the LC cases with water retention, 86 with available pre-treatment uNGAL were analyzed. A short-term response was defined as weight loss of ≥ 1.5 kg within the first week; a long-term response was defined as a short-term response without early recurrence. The uNGAL usefulness in predicting the short- and long-term effects of TVP and AKI incidence post-TVP administration was investigated. Results Short-term effects of TVP were observed in 52 patients. Of these, 15 patients had an early recurrence. In multivariate analysis, significant short-term predictive factors were C-reactive protein (CRP) < 1.4 mg/dl, uNa/K ratio ≥ 3.51, and uNGAL < 50.2 ng/ml. Patients were classified according to these three cut-off values, with short-term response rates of 92.9%, 68.8%, 26.7%, and 0% for 0, 1, 2, and 3 points, respectively. CRP < 0.94 mg/dl and uNGAL < 50.2 ng/ml were significant factors for predicting the long-term response of TVP. The AKI incidence post-TVP was 8.1% ( n  = 7) and was significantly higher among those with uNGAL ≥ 38.1 ng/mL. Conclusion uNGAL is a useful predictor of the short- and long-term efficacy of TVP and can be useful in predicting AKI incidence post-TVP administration.
Purpose Evidence on the prognostic impact of malnutrition was focused on patients with advanced kidney disease. The relationships between malnutrition and all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in patients with different severity of chronic kidney disease (CKD) have not been adequately addressed. We aimed to reveal the prevalence of malnutrition and its prognostic value in patients with different severity of CKD undergoing coronary angiography (CAG). Methods This was a multicenter, longitudinal, and retrospective cohort study of 12,652 patients with non-dialysis dependent CKD (defined as estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2) undergoing CAG from five tertiary hospitals between January 2007 and December 2020. The controlling nutritional status (CONUT) score was applied to assess nutritional status. Cox regression models and competing risk Fine and Gray models were used to examine the relationships between malnutrition, all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Further stratified analysis was performed according to baseline CKD severity (mild, moderate and severe, defined by eGFR < 30, 30–44 and 45–59 ml/min/1.73 m^2). Results During a median follow-up of 5.5 years (interquartile range: 3.2 to 8.6 years), 3801 patients (30.0%) died, and 2150 (17.0%) definitely died of cardiovascular disease. After controlling for confounders, patients had higher all-cause mortality (mild, moderate, and severe vs . absent: HR 1.27, 95 CI % [1.17–1.39]; HR 1.54, 95 CI % [1.39–1.71]; HR 2.22, 95 CI % [1.78–2.77], respectively; P for trend < 0.001) and cardiovascular mortality (mild, moderate and severe vs . absent: HR 1.35, 95 CI % [1.21–1.52]; HR 1.67, 95 CI % [1.45–1.92]; HR 2.10, 95 CI % [1.55–2.85], respectively; P for trend < 0.001) with the severity of malnutrition. In further stratified analysis, a similar prognostic impact of malnutrition was observed in patients with mild to moderate CKD, while mild malnutrition did not seem to have a consistent effect on severe CKD patients. Conclusion Malnutrition is common among patients with mild to severe CKD undergoing CAG and is strongly associated with increased risk of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Malnutrition seems to have a modestly stronger impact on mortality in patients with mild to moderate CKD. This study was registered at Clinicaltrials.gov as NCT05050877.
Diethylene glycol (DEG) is nephrotoxic, potentially resulting in high morbidity and mortality. Its main nephrotoxic by-product is diglycolic acid (DGA). This narrative overview summarizes selected literature with a focus on clinical findings, pathophysiology, diagnosis including morphological features of renal biopsies, and management. The kidney injury in DEG poisoning is secondary to proximal tubular necrosis caused by DGA. Marked vacuolization and edema of epithelial cells obstruct the lumen, reducing urine flow and, consequently, resulting in anuria and uremia. The clinical alterations due to DEG poisoning are dose-dependent. Patients may present with gastrointestinal symptoms and anion gap metabolic acidosis, followed by renal failure, and, later, encephalopathy and neuropathy. Although this three-phase pattern has been described, signs and symptoms may be overlapping. Data about DEG intoxication is scarce. Sometimes the diagnosis is challenging. The management includes supportive care, gastric decontamination, correction of acid–base disorders, and hemodialysis. The understanding of the metabolic processes related to DEG poisoning may contribute to its management, preventing death, serious sequels, or irreversible lesions.
Patients with chronic kidney disease develop vascular calcification, owing to impaired calcium and phosphate metabolism. The prevention of vascular calcification is important to improve the prognosis of such patients. In this study, we investigated whether treatment with FYB-931, a novel bisphosphonate compound, prevents vascular calcification in rat aortic rings cultured in high-phosphate medium for 9 days, assessed by measurement of the calcium content and the degree of calcium deposition, visualized using von Kossa staining. The effect on the transformation of calciprotein particles (CPPs) from primary to secondary CPPs was assessed using a fluorescent probe-based flow cytometric assay. FYB-931 dose-dependently prevented high phosphate-induced aortic calcification, but failed to rapidly cause the regression of high phosphate-induced vascular calcification once it had developed. Furthermore, the treatment dose-dependently inhibited the high phosphate-induced transformation from primary to secondary CPPs. In addition, the treatment with FYB-931 prevented the transformation from primary to secondary CPPs in vitamin D_3-treated rats as a model of ectopic calcification, consistent with the results from rat aortic rings. In conclusion, treatment with FYB-931 prevents high phosphate-induced rat aortic vascular calcification by altering the dynamics of CPP transformation. This finding suggests that inhibition of the transformation from primary to secondary CPPs is an important target for the prevention of vascular calcification in patients with chronic kidney disease.
Background From 2006 to 2020, 24% of children starting haemodialysis in France weighed < 20 kg. Most new-generation long-term haemodialysis machines do not propose paediatric lines anymore but Fresenius has validated two devices for use in children above 10 kg. Our aim was to compare the daily use of these two devices in children < 20 kg. Methods Retrospective single-center evaluation of daily practice with Fresenius 6008® machines, and low-volume paediatric sets (83 mL), as compared to 5008® machines with paediatric lines (108 mL). Each child was treated randomly with both generators. Results A total of 102 online haemodiafiltration sessions were performed over 4 weeks in five children (median body weight 12.0 [range 11.5–17.0] kg). Arterial aspiration and venous pressures were maintained respectively over − 200 mmHg and under 200 mmHg. For all children, blood flow and volume treated per session were lower with 6008® vs. 5008® ( p  < 0.001), median difference between the two devices being 21%. In the four children treated in post-dilution mode, substituted volume was lower with 6008® ( p  < 0.001, median difference: 21%). Effective dialysis time was not different between the two generators; however, the difference between total duration of session and dialysis effective time was slightly higher ( p  < 0.05) with 6008® for three patients, due to treatment interruptions. Conclusion These results suggest that children between 11 and 17 kg should be treated with paediatric lines on 5008® if possible. They advocate for modification of the 6008 paediatric set to decrease resistance to blood flow. The possibility to use 6008® with paediatric lines in children below 10 kg deserves further studies.
Robotic-assisted laparoscopic prostatectomy (RALP) requires intraoperative fluid restriction to maintain the optimal view of the operative field during vesicourethral anastomosis and to prevent upper airway edema that may occur due to the steep Trendelenburg position. The aim of this study was to demonstrate that our fluid restriction regimen would not increase postoperative serum creatinine (sCr) levels in patients undergoing RALP. The fluid regimen involved maintaining a crystalloid infusion at 1 ml/kg/h until completion of vesicourethral anastomosis, then rapid infusion of 15 ml/kg within 30 min, followed by maintenance at 1.5 ml/kg/h until post-operative day (POD) 1. The primary outcome of this study was the change in the sCr level from baseline to POD7. Secondary outcomes were the sCr levels on PODs 1 and 2, the surgical view during vesicourethral anastomosis, and the incidences of re-intubation and acute kidney injury (AKI). Sixty-six patients were eligible for the analysis. The paired t test for non-inferiority showed no significant difference in sCr levels between baseline and POD7 (mean ± standard deviation, 0.79 ± 0.14 vs. 0.80 ± 0.18 mg/dl, p  < 0.001). Seven patients developed AKI on POD1, but all but one recovered on POD2. Ninety-seven percent of operations were rated as having a good view of the operative field. There were no cases of re-intubation. This study demonstrated that the fluid restriction regimen of 1 ml/kg/h until completion of vesicourethral anastomosis created a good view of the operative field during vesicourethral anastomosis without increasing postoperative sCr levels in patients undergoing RALP. Trial registration: This trial was registered in the University Hospital Medical Information Network under registration number UMIN000018088 (registration date; July 1, 2015).
Ultrasound elastography (USE) is a noninvasive technique for assessing tissue elasticity, and its application in nephrology has aroused growing interest in recent years. The purpose of this article is to systematically review the clinical application of USE in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including native and transplanted kidneys, and quantitatively investigate differences in elasticity values between healthy individuals and CKD patients. Furthermore, we provide a qualitative analysis of the studies included, discussing the potential interplay between renal stiffness, estimated glomerular filtration rate, and fibrosis. In January 2022, a systematic search was carried out on the MEDLINE (PubMed) database, concerning studies on the application of USE in patients with CKD, including patients with transplanted kidneys. The results of the included studies were extracted by two independent researchers and presented mainly through a formal narrative summary. A meta-analysis of nine study parts from six studies was performed. A total of 647 studies were screened for eligibility and, after applying the exclusion and inclusion criteria, 69 studies were included, for a total of 6728 patients. The studies proved very heterogeneous in terms of design and results. The shear wave velocity difference of − 0.82 m/s (95% CI: − 1.72–0.07) between CKD patients and controls was not significant. This result agrees with the qualitative evaluation of included studies that found controversial results for the relationship between renal stiffness and glomerular filtration rate. On the contrary, a clear relationship seems to emerge between USE values and the degree of fibrosis. At present, due to the heterogeneity of results and technical challenges, large-scale application in the monitoring of CKD patients remains controversial.
Background Alport syndrome is caused by COL4A3, COL4A4, or COL4A5 gene mutations. The present study aims to compare the clinicopathological features, gene mutations, and outcome of Chinese children with different forms of Alport syndrome. Methods One hundred twenty-eight children from 126 families diagnosed with Alport syndrome through pathological and genetic examination between 2003 and 2021 were included in this single-center retrospective study. The laboratory and clinicopathological features of the patients with different inheritance patterns were analyzed. The patients were followed-up for disease progression and phenotype-genotype correlation. Results Of the 126 Alport syndrome families, X-linked forms accounted for 77.0%, autosomal recessive for 11.9%, autosomal dominant for 7.1%, and digenic for 4.0%. Among the patients, 59.4% were males and 40.6% were females. Altogether, 114 different mutations were identified in 101 patients from 99 families by whole-exome sequencing, of which 68 have not been previously reported. The most prevalent type of mutation was glycine substitution, which was identified in 52.1%, 36.7%, and 60% of the patients with X-linked Alport syndrome, autosomal recessive and autosomal dominant Alport syndrome, respectively. At the end of a median follow up of 3.3 (1.8–6.3) years, Kaplan–Meier curves showed kidney survival was significantly lower in autosomal recessive compared to X-linked Alport syndrome ( P  = 0.004). Pediatric patients with Alport syndrome seldom presented extrarenal involvement. Conclusions X-linked Alport syndrome is the most frequent form found in this cohort. Progression was more rapid in autosmal recessive than in X-linked Alport syndrome. Graphical abstract 
Background Preterm newborns are at risk for patent ductus arteriosus, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs are often used to facilitate patent ductus arteriosus closure. Acute kidney injury is common in critically ill neonates and may be caused by non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. We sought to describe the incidence of acute kidney injury among preterm infants receiving indomethacin and determine whether acute kidney injury during indomethacin therapy is associated with subsequent patent ductus arteriosus closure. Methods Retrospective cohort including neonates < 33 weeks gestational age, admitted to two level IIIb neonatal intensive care units between November 2016 and November 2019, who received indomethacin in the first 2 weeks of life. Acute kidney injury in the 7-day period after treatment was defined by neonatal modified Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria. Patent ductus arteriosus closure was defined clinically and/or via echocardiogram. Clinical characteristics were extracted from medical records. Association between acute kidney injury during treatment and successful closure of patent ductus arteriosus was evaluated using chi-square tests and logistic regression. Results One hundred fifty preterm infants were included; acute kidney injury occurred in 8% (all KDIGO Stage 1). Patent ductus arteriosus closed in 52.9% of the non-acute kidney injury group and 66.7% of the acute kidney injury group ( p =  0.55). Serum creatinine was checked a mean of 3.1 times in the acute kidney injury group and 2.2 times in the non-acute kidney injury group. There was no difference in survival. Conclusion We found no association between acute kidney injury during indomethacin therapy and patent ductus arteriosus closure. Paucity of serum creatinine values likely underdiagnosed acute kidney injury. Surveillance of kidney function during indomethacin therapy using more sensitive renal biomarkers may better identify infants who develop acute kidney injury in the context of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug use. Graphical Abstract 
Aim This study aims to describe the incidence and outcomes of acute kidney injury at Fiji’s tertiary referral hospital. Methods A retrospective study of adults aged ≥ 18 years hospitalised at the Colonial War Memorial Hospital between 1 January and 30 June, 2015 was conducted. Acute kidney injury was defined using the 2012 Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) guidelines by medical record review. Results One hundred ten (2.1%) of 5140 hospitalised patients met the diagnostic criteria for acute kidney injury. Fifty-two cases (47%) of acute kidney injury were stage 1, 11 (10%) cases were stage 2, and 47 (43%) cases were stage 3. Acute sepsis ( n  = 68) and dehydrating illness ( n  = 52) were the most common causes. Thirty-nine patients had urinalysis and 36 received imaging; none underwent kidney biopsy. Treatment included antibiotics ( n  = 91), intravenous fluids ( n  = 84) and vasopressors ( n  = 25). Twenty-one (19%) patients were treated with intermittent haemodialysis. Forty-seven patients (43%) with acute kidney injury died including 16 (76%) dialysed patients. Crude mortality at 7 days was 19 (40%). Of the 63 patients who survived their primary illness, 29 (46%) had a follow-up assessment at 3 months. Conclusion In patients needing hospitalisation for acute kidney injury in Fiji, the most common causes were sepsis and dehydration. Mortality was high, in particular in those who received dialysis. Follow-up after acute kidney injury is incomplete.
Background Mitochondrial quality control (MQC) plays a critical role in the progression of tubulointerstitial injury in diabetic kidney disease (DKD). The mitochondrial unfolded protein response (UPRmt), which is an important MQC process, is activated to maintain mitochondrial protein homeostasis in response to mitochondrial stress. Activating transcription factor 5 (ATF5) is critical in the mammalian UPRmt via mitochondria-nuclear translocation. However, the role of ATF5 and UPRmt in tubular injury under DKD conditions is unknown. Methods ATF5 and UPRmt-related proteins including heat shock protein 60 (HSP60) and Lon peptidase 1 (LONP1), in DKD patients and db/db mice were examined by immunohistochemistry (IHC) and western blot analysis. Eight-week-old db/db mice were injected with ATF5-shRNA lentiviruses via the tail vein, and a negative lentivirus was used as a control. The mice were euthanized at 12 weeks, and dihydroethidium (DHE) and TdT-mediated dUTP nick end labeling (TUNEL) assays were performed to evaluate reactive oxygen species (ROS) production and apoptosis in kidney sections, respectively. In vitro, ATF5-siRNA, ATF5 overexpression plasmids or HSP60-siRNA were transfected into HK-2 cells to evaluate the effect of ATF5 and HSP60 on tubular injury under ambient hyperglycemic conditions. Mitochondrial superoxide (MitoSOX) staining was used to gauge mitochondrial oxidative stress levels, and the early stage of cell apoptosis was examined by Annexin V-FITC kits. Results Increased ATF5, HSP60 and LONP1 expression was observed in the kidney tissue of DKD patients and db/db mice and was tightly correlated with tubular damage. The inhibition of HSP60 and LONP1, improvements in serum creatinine, tubulointerstitial fibrosis and apoptosis were observed in db/db mice treated with lentiviruses carrying ATF5 shRNA. In vitro, the expression of ATF5 was increased in HK-2 cells exposed to high glucose (HG) in a time-dependent manner, which was accompanied by the overexpression of HSP60, fibronectin (FN) and cleaved-caspase3 (C-CAS3). ATF5-siRNA transfection inhibited the expression of HSP60 and LONP1, which was accompanied by reduced oxidative stress and apoptosis in HK-2 cells exposed to sustained exogenous high glucose. ATF5 overexpression exacerbated these impairments. HSP60-siRNA transfection blocked the effect of ATF5 on HK-2 cells exposed to continuous HG treatment. Interestingly, ATF5 inhibition exacerbated mitochondrial ROS levels and apoptosis in HK-2 cells in the early period of HG intervention (6 h). Conclusions ATF5 could exert a protective effect in a very early stage but promoted tubulointerstitial injury by regulating HSP60 and the UPRmt pathway under DKD conditions, providing a potential target for the prevention of DKD progression.
Background/objectives There are few reports on the relationship between skipping breakfast and chronic kidney disease (CKD). We examined the skipping breakfast-CKD relationship and the mediation effects of metabolic diseases (obesity, hypertension, and diabetes) on this relationship. Subjects/methods We analyzed the data of 21,138 participants aged ≥ 40 years from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2013–2018. Skipping breakfast was defined as rarely eating breakfast over the past year. CKD was defined as decreased kidney function expressed by an estimated glomerular filtration rate of < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2. We used a complex sample logistic regression model to examine the relationship between skipping breakfast and CKD. We used Baron and Kenny’s approach to examine whether metabolic diseases work as a mediator within the skipping breakfast-CKD relationships. Results About 7.6% of participants skipped breakfast, and 5.5% had CKD. After adjusting for confounders, participants who skipped breakfast were at higher odds of having CKD (odds ratio 1.61; 95% confidence interval 1.07–2.42; p value 0.021) compared to those who did not skip breakfast. With full adjustments for confounders, skipping breakfast was not significantly associated with any metabolic diseases, while CKD was significantly associated with diabetes and hypertension. Conclusion We found that middle-aged or older people who skipped breakfast had a significantly higher odds of having CKD compared to those who did not skip breakfast. However, metabolic diseases did not mediate the relationship between skipping breakfast and CKD.
Background Septic acute kidney injury (S-AKI) is the leading form of acute kidney failure among hospitalized patients, and the inflammatory response is involved in this process. 4-octyl itaconate (4-OI) is a multi-target itaconate derivative with potent anti-inflammatory action. However, it remains elusive whether and how 4-OI contributes to the regulation of S-AKI. Methods We employed a lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced AKI murine model and explored the potential renoprotective effect of 4-OI in vivo . In vitro experiments, BUMPT cells, a murine renal tubular cell line, were conducted to examine the effects of 4-OI on inflammation, oxidative stress, and mitophagy. Moreover, STAT3 plasmid was transfected in BUMPT cells to investigate the role of STAT3 signaling in the 4-OI-administrated state. Results We demonstrate that 4-OI protects against S-AKI through suppressing inflammation and oxidative stress and enhancing mitophagy. 4-OI significantly reduced the levels of Scr, BUN, Ngal as well as the tubular injury in LPS-induced AKI mice. 4-OI restrained inflammation by reducing macrophage infiltration and suppressing the expression of IL-1β and NLRP3 in the septic kidney. 4-OI also reduced ROS levels, as well as cleaved caspase-3 and boosted antioxidants such as HO-1, and NQO1 in mice. In addition, the 4-OI treatment significantly promoted mitophagy. Mechanistically, 4-OI activated Nrf2 signaling and suppressed phosphorylated STAT3 in vivo and vitro. Molecular docking revealed the binding affinity of 4-OI towards STAT3. ML385, a specific Nrf2 inhibitor, partially repressed the anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative effects of 4-OI and partially restricted the mitophagy induced by 4-OI in vivo and in  vitro . Transfected with STAT3 plasmid partially suppressed mitophagy and the anti-inflammatory effect provoked by 4-OI in vitro . Conclusion These data suggest that 4-OI ameliorates LPS-induced AKI by suppressing inflammation and oxidative stress and enhancing mitophagy through the overactivation of the Nrf2 signaling pathway, and inactivation of STAT3. Our study identifies 4-OI as a promising pharmacologic for S-AKI.
Data concerning the use of the canine foetal kidney length (L) formula in the prediction of parturition timing are still lacking. In our study, we aimed to evaluate the accuracy of the L formula in predicting the parturition date during the last 10 days of pregnancy. Twenty-five clinically healthy pregnant bitches, aged 2–9 years and weighing 3.5–52.2 kg, were ultrasonographically monitored from -11 to 0 days before parturition (dbp). Kidney L was measured for the three most caudal foetuses, and the parturition day was estimated using the kidney formula, whose accuracy was calculated as the percentage of cases estimated (ranges of ± 1 or ± 2 days) on the actual parturition date. A K-proportions test was performed to identify differences in the accuracy among maternal sizes and the sex ratio of pups, and a two-proportions z-test was performed to identify differences between litter size classes (≤ 7 vs. > 7 pups) and time ranges (-11/-5 and -4/0 dbp). An accuracy of 35% within ± 2 days was found in the range of -11/-5 dbp and an accuracy of 30% within ± 2 days was found in the range of -4/0 dbp. The accuracy differed between small (53% ±1 day and 60% ±2 days) and large (10% within ± 1 and ± 2 days) bitches (P = 0.019 within ± 1 day, and P = 0.007 within ± 2 days). For small litter sizes, the accuracy was 38% within ± 1 day and 44% within ± 2 days, and for large litter sizes, it was 14% within ± 1 and ± 2 days. A threshold value was found between litter size classes within ± 2 days. The use of the L formula during the last ten days of pregnancy did not seem to warrant good accuracy in the prediction of parturition date. Further studies on different maternal sizes should be performed.
Background Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) vaccination is recommended for patients undergoing renal replacement therapy (RRT), including hemodialysis (HD), peritoneal dialysis (PD), and kidney transplantation (KT). However, the difference in the immune response between RRT patients and healthy individuals after mRNA vaccines remains uncertain. Methods This retrospective observational study evaluated the anti-severe-acute-respiratory-syndrome-coronavirus-2 (anti-SARS-CoV-2) IgG antibody acquisition, titers and their changes, normal response rate (reaching titers of healthy individuals), factors associated with a normal response, and effectiveness of booster vaccination in Japanese RRT patients. Results Most HD and PD patients acquired anti-SARS-CoV-2 IgG antibodies after the second vaccination; however, their antibody titers and normal response rates (62–75%) were low compared with those of healthy subjects. Approximately 62% of KT recipients acquired antibodies, but the normal response rate was low (23%). Anti-SARS-CoV-2 IgG antibody waning occurred in the control, HD, and PD groups, while negative or very low titers remained in KT recipients. Third booster vaccination was effective in most HD and PD patients. However, the effect was mild in KT recipients – only 58% reached a normal response level. Multivariate logistic regression analyses demonstrated that younger age, higher serum albumin level, and RRT other than KT were significantly associated with a normal response after the second vaccination. Conclusions RRT patients, particularly KT recipients, exhibited poor vaccine responses. Booster vaccination would be beneficial for HD and PD patients; however, its effect in KT recipients was mild. Further COVID-19 vaccinations using the latest vaccine or alternative procedures should be considered in RRT patients.
Background Obesity is associated with the development and progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD). In the general population, the amount of renal sinus fat was associated with hypertension and renal impairment. However, its impact upon those with CKD remains uncertain. Methods We prospectively included CKD patients who underwent renal biopsy and simultaneously measured their renal sinus fat volume. The association between the percentage of renal sinus fat volume, which was adjusted by kidney volume, and renal outcomes was investigated. Results A total of 56 patients (median 55 years old, 35 men) were included. Among baseline characteristics, age and visceral fat volume were positively correlated with the percentage of renal sinus fat volume ( p  < 0.05). The percentage of renal sinus fat volume was associated with hypertension ( p  < 0.01) and tended to be associated with max glomerular diameter ( p  = 0.078) and urine angiotensinogen creatinine ratio ( p  = 0.064) after adjustment with several clinical factors. The percentage of renal sinus fat volume was significantly associated with a future > 50% decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate ( p  < 0.05). Conclusions Among those with CKD who required renal biopsy, the amount of renal sinus fat was associated with poor renal outcomes accompanied by systemic hypertension.
Background Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs) are the standard treatment for patients with renal anemia to increase hemoglobin (Hb) levels and reduce the need for blood transfusions. However, treatments targeting high Hb levels require high doses of ESAs administered intravenously, which is associated with an elevated risk of adverse cardiovascular events. Furthermore, there have been some problems such as hemoglobin variability and low achievement of target hemoglobin due to the shorter half-lives of ESAs. Consequently, erythropoietin-promoting medications, such as hypoxia-inducible factor-prolyl hydroxylase (HIF-PH) inhibitors, have been developed. This study aimed to evaluate changes in the Treatment Satisfaction Questionnaire for Medicine version II (TSQM-II) domain scores relative to baseline in each trial, to assess patient satisfaction with molidustat versus darbepoetin alfa. Methods This post-hoc analysis of two clinical trials compared treatment satisfaction with an HIF-PH inhibitor, molidustat, versus a standard ESA, darbepoetin alfa, as part of therapy in patients with non-dialysis chronic kidney disease (CKD) and renal anemia. Results Exploratory outcome data using the TSQM-II showed that both arms in both trials had enhanced treatment satisfaction over the course of the study period, as well as improvements in most TSQM-II domains at week 24 of treatment. Molidustat was associated with convenience domain scores at multiple time points depending on the trial. More patients were highly satisfied with the convenience of molidustat than that of darbepoetin alfa. Patients treated with molidustat had increased global satisfaction domain scores compared with those treated with darbepoetin alfa; however, the differences in global satisfaction domain scores were not significant. Conclusion These patient-reported satisfaction outcomes support the use of molidustat as a patient-centered treatment option for CKD-related anemia. Registration of clinical trials ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03350321 (November 22, 2017). ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03350347 (November 22, 2017).
Background Duplex kidney is a relatively common renal anomaly with a wide array of associations. With routine antenatal screening it is increasingly diagnosed these days. With this study, we aim to assess the clinical profile, prevalence of vesicoureteric reflux and highlighting the need for aggressive workup and management in selected cases to prevent further renal damage. Results Fifty-three children with duplex kidneys who attended the department of pediatric surgery at our institution from December 2016 to December 2021 were included in the study. The most common mode of presentation was urinary tract infection (58%). Fifty-three percent had an antenatally detected renal anomaly (out of these 46% were asymptomatic, 33% had UTI and 11% had other symptoms like straining, incontinence and abdominal mass). Sixty-one percent of patients were conservatively managed and 19 patients needed surgical intervention. Ureterocele was the most common condition necessitating surgery. Prevalence of vesicoureteric reflux was 60% and was comparable with other studies. Thirty-six percent of patients had renal scarring. Among the patients with scarring, 84% had VUR and 63% had febrile UTI. Conclusion Duplex kidney though a common congenital anomaly, requires a systematic evaluation to detect its various associations and a structured management protocol according to the associations. It has a high incidence of VUR which is a potentially hazardous condition which can affect the renal function if not evaluated and managed appropriately. Duplex can also be associated with obstructive conditions like PUJO, ureterocele, and ectopic megaureter which can cause rapid deterioration of renal function if not managed early enough. Though majority of the patients need only follow-up and antibiotic prophylaxis, there may be a certain sub group of patients who develop early scarring and need aggressive management. Our study aims to highlight the need to detect such patients early enough to reduce the morbidity.
Background Several risk factors of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs)-associated acute kidney injury (AKI) have been reported sporadically. To identify the risk factors of ICIs-associated AKI in a large-scale population, therefore we conducted a systematic review and a real-world retrospective study. Methods We search literature concerning risk factors of ICIs-associated AKI in ClinicalTrials.gov and electronic databases (PubMed, Cochrane Library, Embase) up to January 2022. Meta-analysis was performed by using odds ratios (ORs) with 95%CIs. In a separate retrospective pharmacovigilance study by extracting data from US FDA Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS) database, disproportionality was analyzed using the reporting odds ratio (ROR). Results A total of 9 studies (5927 patients) were included in the meta-analysis. The following factors were associated with increased risk of ICIs-associated AKI, including proton pump inhibitors(PPIs) (OR = 2.07, 95%CI 1.78–2.42), angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs)/ angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) (OR = 1.56, 95%CI 1.24–1.95), nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) (OR = 1.29, 95%CI 1.01–1.65), diuretics (OR = 2.00, 95%CI 1.38–2.89), diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.28, 95%CI 1.04–1.57), genitourinary cancer (OR = 1.46, 95%CI 1.15–1.85), combination therapy of ICIs (OR = 1.93, 95%CI 1.25–2.97) and extrarenal immune-related adverse events(irAEs) (OR = 2.51, 95%CI 1.96–3.20). Furthermore, analysis from FAERS database verified that concurrent exposures of PPIs (ROR = 2.10, 95%CI 1.91–2.31), ACEIs/ARBs (ROR = 3.25, 95%CI 2.95–3.57), NSAIDs (ROR = 3.06, 95%CI 2.81–3.32) or diuretics (ROR = 2.82, 95%CI 2.50–3.19) were observed significant signals associated with AKI in ICIs-treated patients. Conclusions Concurrent exposures of PPIs, ACEIs/ARBs, NSAIDs or diuretics, diabetes mellitus, genitourinary cancer, combination therapy, and extrarenal irAEs seem to increase the risk of AKI in ICIs-treated patients.
Kidney stone diseases are increasing globally in prevalence and recurrence rates, indicating an urgent medical need for developing new therapies that can prevent stone formation. One approach we have been working on is to develop small molecule inhibitors that can interfere with the crystallization process of the chemical substances that form the stones. For these drug discovery efforts, it is critical to have available easily accessible assay methods to evaluate the potential inhibitors and rank them for structure-activity relationship studies. Herein, we report a convenient, medium-to-high throughput assay platform using, as an example, the screening and evaluation of inhibitors of L -cystine crystallization for the prevention of kidney stones in cystinuria. The assay involves preparing a supersaturated solution, followed by incubating small volumes (<1 mL) of the supersaturated solution with test inhibitors for 72 hours, and finally measuring L- cystine concentrations in the supernatants after centrifugation using either a colorimetric or fluorometric method. Compared to traditional techniques for studying crystallization inhibitors, this miniaturized multi-well assay format is simple to implement, cost-effective, and widely applicable in determining and distinguishing the activities of compounds that inhibit crystallization. This assay has been successfully employed to discover L -cystine diamides as highly potent inhibitors of L -cystine crystallization such as LH708 with an EC_50 of 0.058 µM, 70-fold more potent than L -CDME (EC_50 = 4.31 µM). Graphical Abstract 
Background To examine the association between elevated serum uric acid (SUA) levels and the rapid decline in kidney function by conducting a retrospective cohort study on a physically healthy population in Urumqi, China. Methods A cohort study of 2,802 physically healthy people with a normal estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was investigated from 2018 to 2021. The examination procedure included using questionnaires, taking physical measurements, and blood sampling. The rapid decline in kidney function was defined as eGFR > 5 mL·min^–1 ·(1.73 m^2 )^–1 year. The relationship between elevated SUA levels and the rapid decline in kidney function was assessed. Results When performing the three-year retrospective analysis, 688 (28.55%) cases experienced a rapid decline in kidney function, and 52 (1.9%) cases developed chronic kidney disease (CKD). They were divided into the stable group and the rapidly declining kidney function group according to eGFR > 15 mL·min^–1·(1.73 m^2 )^–1. The comparison revealed a greater increase in uric acid in the rapidly declining kidney function group [0.30 (-0.29, 0.82) mg/dL vs. − 0.07(-0.54, 0.37) mg/dL, Z = − 8.822, P  < 0.001]. The participants were further divided into four groups according to their uric acid levels in 2018 and 2021, which included the normal to normal (N-N) group, the normal to hyperuricemia (HUA) (N-H) group, the HUA to normal (H-N) group, and the persistently HUA (H-H) group. The decrease in eGFR was significantly higher in the N-H group than in the other three groups (χ^2 = 20.580, P  < 0.001). The results of the multifactorial logistic regression analysis showed that elevated uric acid was a risk factor for the rapid decline in kidney function (OR = 1.640, P  < 0.001). Conclusion Elevated SUA levels were a risk factor for the rapid decline in kidney function in the Chinese health examination population. Higher SUA levels might predict the occurrence of progressive kidney impairment.
Background Sepsis-related acute kidney injury (AKI) is an inflammatory disease associated with extremely high mortality and health burden. This study explored the possibility of exosomes secreted by adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cells (AMSCs) serving as a carrier for microRNA (miR)-342-5p to alleviate sepsis-related AKI and investigated the possible mechanism. Methods Serum was obtained from 30 patients with sepsis-associated AKI and 30 healthy volunteers for the measurement of miR-342-5p, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), and serum creatinine (SCr) levels. For in vitro experiments, AMSCs were transfected with LV-miR-342-5p or LV-miR-67 to acquire miR-342-5p-modified AMSCs and miR-67-modified AMSCs, from which the exosomes (AMSC-Exo-342 and AMSC-Exo-67) were isolated. The human renal proximal tubular epithelial cell line HK-2 was induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) to construct a cellular model of sepsis. The expression of Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) was also detected in AKI cells and mouse models. The interaction between miR-342-5p and TLR9 was predicted by dual luciferase reporter gene assay. Results Detection on clinical serum samples showed that BUN, SCr, and TLR9 were elevated and miR-342-5p level was suppressed in the serum of patients with sepsis-associated AKI. Transfection with LV-miR-342-5p reinforced miR-342-5p expression in AMSCs and AMSC-secreted exosomes. miR-342-5p negatively targeted TLR9. LPS treatment enhanced TLR9 expression, reduced miR-342-5p levels, suppressed autophagy, and increased inflammation in HK-2 cells, while the opposite trends were observed in LPS-induced HK-2 cells exposed to AMSC-Exo-342, Rapa, miR-342-5p mimic, or si-TLR9. Additionally, the effects of AMSC-Exo-342 on autophagy and inflammation in LPS-induced cells could be weakened by 3-MA or pcDNA3.1-TLR9 treatment. Injection of AMSC-Exo-342 enhanced autophagy, mitigated kidney injury, suppressed inflammation, and reduced BUN and SCr levels in sepsis-related AKI mouse models. Conclusion miR-342-5p transferred by exosomes from miR-342-5p-modified AMSCs ameliorated AKI by inhibiting TLR9 to accelerate autophagy. Graphical Abstract 
Background Chronic kidney disease leads to cardiac remodelling of multifactorial origin known as “uraemic cardiomyopathy”, the reversibility of which after kidney transplantation (KT) remains controversial. Our objectives were to assess, in the modern era, changes in echocardiographic parameters following KT and identify predictive clinical and biological factors associated with echocardiographic changes. Methods One hundred six patients (mean age 48 ± 16, 73% male) who underwent KT at the University Hospital of Nancy between 2007 and 2018 were retrospectively investigated. Pre- and post-KT echocardiography findings (8.6 months before and 22 months after KT on average, respectively) were centralised, blind-reviewed and compared. Results A majority of patients (60%) had either a left ventricular (LV) ejection fraction < 50%, at least moderately abnormal LV mass index or left atrial (LA) dilatation at pretransplanted echocardiography. After KT, LV remodelling and diastolic doppler indices did not significantly change whereas LA volume index (LAVI) increased (35.9 mL/m^2 post-KT vs. 30.9 mL/m^2 pre-KT, p  = 0.006). Advancing age, cardiac valvular disease, delayed graft function, lower post-KT haemoglobin, and more severe post-KT hypertension were associated with higher LAVI after KT. Higher post-KT serum creatinine, more severe post-KT hypertension and lower pre-KT blood calcium levels were associated with a deterioration in LAVI after KT. Discussion/Conclusion Adverse remodelling of the left atrial volume occurred after KT, predominantly in patients with lower pre-KT blood calcium, poorer graft function and post-KT hypertension. These results suggest that a better management of modifiable factors such as pre-KT hyperparathyroidism or post-KT hypertension could limit post-KT cardiac remodelling. Graphical Abstract 
The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is steadily increasing, and it is a global health burden. Exercise has been suggested to improve physical activity and the quality of life in patients with CKD, eventually reducing mortality. This study investigated the change in physical performance after exercise in dialysis-dependent patients with CKD and analyzed differentially expressed proteins before and after the exercise. Plasma samples were collected at enrollment and after 3 months of exercise. Liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry analysis and data-independent acquisition results were analyzed to determine the significantly regulated proteins. A total of 37 patients on dialysis were recruited, and 16 were randomized to exercise for 3 months. The hand grip strength and the walking speed significantly improved in the exercise group. Proteome analysis revealed 60 significantly expressed proteins after 3 months of exercise. In the protein functional analysis, the significantly expressed proteins were involved in the immune response. Also, some of the key significantly expressed proteins [(M Matrix metallopeptidase 9 (MMP-9), Activin A Receptor Type 1B (ACVR1B), Fetuin B (FETUB)] were validated via an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Our results showed that exercise in dialysis-dependent patients with CKD could improve their physical performance. These results indicated that this beneficial effect of exercise in these populations could be associated with immune response.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a global public health issue. The diagnosis of CKD would be considerably enhanced by discovering novel biomarkers used to determine the glomerular filtration rate (GFR). Small molecule metabolites related to kidney filtration function that might be utilized as biomarkers to measure GFR more accurately could be found via a metabolomics analysis of blood samples taken from individuals with varied glomerular filtration rates. Methods An untargeted metabolomics study of 145 plasma samples was performed using ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC–MS/MS). The 145 samples were divided into four groups based on the patient’s measured glomerular filtration rates (mGFRs) determined by the iohexol plasma clearance rate. The data were analyzed using random forest analyses and six other unique statistical analyses. Principal component analysis (PCA) was conducted using R software. Results A large number of metabolites involved in various metabolic pathways changed significantly between groups with different GFRs. These included metabolites involved in tryptophan or pyrimidine metabolism. The top 30 metabolites that best distinguished between the four groups in a random forest plot analysis included 13 amino acids, 9 nucleotides, and 3 carbohydrates. A panel of metabolites (including hydroxyaparagine, pseudouridine, C-glycosyltryptophan, erythronate, N-acetylalanine, and 7-methylguanidine) for estimating GFR was selected for future testing in targeted analyses by combining the candidate lists with the six other statistical analyses. Both hydroxyasparagine and N,N-dimethyl-proline-proline are unique biomarkers shown to be inversely associated with kidney function that have not been reported previously. In contrast, 1,5-anhydroglucitol (1,5-AG) decreases with impaired renal function. Conclusions This global untargeted metabolomics study of plasma samples from patients with different degrees of renal function identified potential metabolite biomarkers related to kidney filtration. These novel potential metabolites provide more insight into the underlying pathophysiologic processes that may contribute to the progression of CKD, lead to improvements in the estimation of GFR and provide potential therapeutic targets to improve kidney function.
Background Kidney trans plantation is associated with secondary complications, including the risk of developing posttransplant cytopenias. This study aimed to evaluate the characteristics, identify predictors, and assess the management and consequences of cytopenias in the pediatric kidney transplant population. Methods This is a single-center retrospective analysis of 89 pediatric kidney transplant recipients. Possible factors preceding cytopenias were compared with the goal of recognizing predictors for posttransplant cytopenias. Posttransplant neutropenias were analyzed for the total study period and separately for the period beyond 6 months posttransplant (late neutropenias), to rule out confounding influences of induction and initial intensive therapy. Results Sixty patients (67%) developed at least one episode of posttransplant cytopenia. All episodes of posttransplant thrombocytopenias were mild or moderate. Posttransplant infections and graft rejection were found to be significant predictors for thrombocytopenia (HR 6.06, 95% CI 1.6–22.9, and HR 5.82, 95% CI 1.27–26.6, respectively). A total of 30% of posttransplant neutropenias were severe (ANC ≤ 500). Pretransplant dialysis and posttransplant infections were significant predictors for late neutropenias (HR 11.2, 95% CI 1.45–86.4, and HR 3.32, 95% CI 1.46–7.57, respectively). Graft rejection occurred in 10% of patients with cytopenia, all following neutropenia, within 3 months from cytopenia appearance. In all such cases, mycophenolate mofetil dosing had been held or reduced prior to rejection. Conclusions Posttransplant infections are substantial contributors to developing posttransplant cytopenias. Preemptive transplantation appears to reduce risk of late neutropenia, the accompanying reduction in immunosuppressive therapy, and the ensuing risk of graft rejection. An alternative response to neutropenia, possibly using granulocyte colony stimulating factor, may diminish graft rejection. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Risk factors for acute kidney injury (AKI) in pediatric patients after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) remain controversial. Objectives This study aimed to identify risk factors for AKI following HSCT in the pediatric population. Data sources PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, and Scopus databases were searched from inception to February 8, 2023. Study eligibility criteria Studies meeting the following criteria were included: (1) The study was a case-control, cohort study, or cross-sectional design, (2) the study was performed among pediatric and young patients aged 21 years or younger undergoing HSCT, (3) the study measured at least one related factor for AKI after pediatric HSCT, (4) the study included a sample of at least ten patients, and (5) original articles published in English in peer-reviewed scientific journals. Participants and interventions Children who were undergoing pediatric HSCT. Study appraisal and synthesis methods We assessed the quality of the included studies and analyzed them with a random-effect model. Results Fifteen studies with a total of 2,093 patients were included. All were cohort studies of high quality. The overall pooled incidence of AKI was 47.4% (95%CI 0.35, 0.60). We found significant associations between post-transplant AKI in pediatric patients and unrelated donor [odds ratio (OR) = 1.74, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.09–2.79], cord blood stem cell transplantation (OR = 3.14, 95%CI 2.14–4.60), and veno-occlusive disease (VOD)/sinusoidal obstruction syndrome (SOS) (OR = 6.02, 95%CI 1.40–25.88). Other controversial factors such as myeloablative conditioning (MAC), acute graft vs. host disease (aGVHD), and the use of calcineurin inhibitors (CNI) were not found to be related to AKI after pediatric HSCT. Limitations Results were limited mainly by heterogeneity in the characteristics of patients and transplantation. Conclusions and implications of key findings Posttransplant AKI in children is a common complication. Unrelated donors, cord blood stem cell transplantation, and VOD/SOS might be risk factors for AKI after pediatric HSCT. Further large-scale studies are still needed to draw firm conclusions. Systematic review registration number CRD42022382361 Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) can be caused by multiple factors/events, including acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Ceramides are involved in atherosclerosis progression, cardiovascular events, and renal damage. Almost no studies have been conducted on the relationship between ceramide concentrations and AKI events. Therefore, we evaluated the association between plasma ceramide level at admission and AKI in patients with ACS undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Methods We enrolled 842 ACS patients from the Prospective Multicenter Study for Early Evaluation of Acute Chest Pain. AKI was defined using the criteria from the 2012 Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes. Eleven C16–C26 ceramides were measured using the high-performance liquid chromatography interfaced to tandem mass spectrometer procedure. Logistic regression models were used to evaluate relationships between ceramides and AKI risk. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curves (AUC) was used to evaluate differences between ceramides. Results Overall, 139 (16.5%) patients developed AKI during hospitalisation. Patients who developed AKI had higher levels of Cer(d18:1/16:0), Cer(d18:1/18:0), Cer(d18:1/20:0), Cer(d18:1/21:0), Cer(d18:1/24:1), and Cer(d18:1/24:2) than patients who did not (P < 0.05). In risk-factor adjusted logistic regression models, these ceramides were independently associated with AKI risk (P < 0.05). Cer(d18:1/24:2) had the highest odds ratio of 3.503 (Q4 vs. Q1, 95% confidence interval: 1.743–7.040, P < 0.001). Ceramides had AUCs of 0.581–0.661 (P < 0.001) for AKI. Each ceramide combined with the Mehran risk score (AUC: 0.780) had AUCs of 0.802–0.808, greater than the Mehran risk score alone. Conclusion Long-chain and very-long-chain ceramide levels may help determine the high AKI risk beyond traditional assessments.
Purpose of Review We wanted to analyse the outcomes of surgical (SWL, URS, PCNL) and medical management of cystine stones in the paediatric population in terms of stone-free status and complication rates, based on all the available literature evidence. Recent Findings A systematic review of literature was performed for all studies with paediatric cystine stone management. Twelve studies met the eligibility criteria, of which 4 analysed outcomes of SWL, 2 of URS and 3 of PCNL and 3 focused on the effect of either alkalising agents (potassium citrate, citric acid) or cysteine-binding thiol (CBT) agents (tiopronin, penicillamine). The reported SFR in studies ranged from 50 to 83%, 59 to 100% and 63 to 80.6%, with a complication rate of 2.8–51%, 14–27% and 12.9–15.4% with SWL, URS and PCNL, respectively. Summary Paediatric cystine stones treatment should aim at complete stone clearance, preservation of renal function and prevention of further recurrences. SWL achieves inferior results in case of cystine stones. URS and PCNL are safe and effective procedures in the paediatric population, with a low rate of major complications. Adherence to medical prevention therapies may prolong recurrence-free periods.
Background Halting progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) to established end stage kidney disease is a major goal of global health research. The mechanism of CKD progression involves pro-inflammatory, pro-fibrotic, and vascular pathways, but pathophysiological differentiation is currently lacking. Methods Plasma samples of 414 non-dialysis CKD patients, 170 fast progressors (with ∂ eGFR-3 ml/min/1.73 m^2/year or worse) and 244 stable patients (∂ eGFR of − 0.5 to + 1 ml/min/1.73 m^2/year) with a broad range of kidney disease aetiologies, were obtained and interrogated for proteomic signals with SWATH-MS. We applied a machine learning approach to feature selection of proteins quantifiable in at least 20% of the samples, using the Boruta algorithm. Biological pathways enriched by these proteins were identified using ClueGo pathway analyses. Results The resulting digitised proteomic maps inclusive of 626 proteins were investigated in tandem with available clinical data to identify biomarkers of progression. The machine learning model using Boruta Feature Selection identified 25 biomarkers as being important to progression type classification (Area Under the Curve = 0.81, Accuracy = 0.72). Our functional enrichment analysis revealed associations with the complement cascade pathway, which is relevant to CKD as the kidney is particularly vulnerable to complement overactivation. This provides further evidence to target complement inhibition as a potential approach to modulating the progression of diabetic nephropathy. Proteins involved in the ubiquitin–proteasome pathway, a crucial protein degradation system, were also found to be significantly enriched. Conclusions The in-depth proteomic characterisation of this large-scale CKD cohort is a step toward generating mechanism-based hypotheses that might lend themselves to future drug targeting. Candidate biomarkers will be validated in samples from selected patients in other large non-dialysis CKD cohorts using a targeted mass spectrometric analysis.
Background Increasing epidemiological studies demonstrated that modifiable risk factors affected the risk of kidney stones. We aimed to systemically assess these causal associations using a bidirectional Mendelian randomization study. Methods We obtained instrumental variables related to each exposure at the genome-wide significant threshold (P < 5 × 10^–8). Summary level data for outcomes from the FinnGen consortium and UK Biobank were utilized in the discovery and replication stage. The Inverse-variance weighted (IVW) method was used as the primary analysis, with additional sensitivity analyses and fix-effect meta-analysis to verify the robustness of IVW results. Results Among 46 risk factors, five were significantly associated with nephrolithiasis risk in the FinnGen consortium, UK Biobank, and meta-analyses collectively. The odds ratios (ORs) (95% confidence intervals [95%CIs]) of kidney stones were 1.21 (1.13, 1.29) per standard deviation (SD) increase in serum calcium, 1.55 (1.01, 2.36) per SD increase in serum 25(OH)D, 1.14 (1.00, 1.29) per SD increase in total triglycerides, 2.38 (1.34, 4.22) per SD increase in fasting insulin, and 0.28 (0.23, 0.35) per unit increase in log OR of urine pH. In addition, genetically predicted serum phosphorus, urinary sodium, tea consumption, and income affected the risk of kidney stones (false discovery rate [FDR] P  < 0.05) based on the outcome data from the FinnGen consortium, and the significant associations of education and waist-to-hip ratio with nephrolithiasis risks were found after FDR correction (FDR P  < 0.05) based on the outcome data from UK Biobank. Conclusions Our findings comprehensively provide modifiable risk factors for the prevention of nephrolithiasis. Genome-wide association studies with larger sample sizes are needed to verify these causal associations in the future further.
Purpose of Review The prevalence of uric acid (UA) urolithiasis contributes significantly to global disease burden, due to high rates of recurrence and diagnostic challenges. Dissolution therapy plays a valuable role in the conservative management of UA calculi, reducing the requirement for surgical intervention. This review summarises the existing evidence for the efficacy of medical dissolution of uric acid urolithiasis. Recent Findings A systematic search was conducted of worldwide literature according to PRISMA methodology and Cochrane standards for systematic review. Studies were included if they reported outcome data for the administration of medical therapy for the dissolution of UA calculi. A total of 1075 patients were included in the systematic review. Complete or partial dissolution of UA calculi was observed in 80.5% of patients (865/1075 patients), with 61.7% (647/1048 patients) achieving complete dissolution and 19.8% (207/1048 patients) achieving partial dissolution. A discontinuation rate of 10.2% (110/1075 patients) was noted, and 15.7% (169/1075 patients) required surgical intervention. Summary Dissolution therapy is a safe and effective method of conservatively managing uric acid stones in the short term. Despite the significant disease burden of UA calculi, current guidelines are limited by deficiencies in the existing body of research. Further research should be undertaken to develop evidence-based clinical guidelines for diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of UA urolithiasis.
Purpose In this retrospective study, we compared the maximum standardized uptake values (SUVmax) of parathyroid lesions and the target-to-background ratio (TBR) of parathyroid lesions to thyroid tissue in early-phase single-photon emission computed tomography/computed tomography (SPECT/CT) versus delayed-phase SPECT/CT in patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT) in order to determine the optimal timing of 99mTc- methoxyisobutylisonitrile (99mTc-MIBI) SPECT/CT imaging. Methods Seventeen patients with a history of chronic kidney failure stage 5 on hemodialysis, underwent pre-operative parathyroid scintigraphy for detection and localization of parathyroid lesions. Retrospective analysis was conducted for lesions with focal accumulation of 99mTc-MIBI. All patients underwent dual-phase 99mTc-MIBI parathyroid scintigraphy and dual-phase SPECT/CT. SUVmax of parathyroid lesions and thyroid tissues was measured. Results Mean SUVmax of parathyroid lesions was 4.86 on early-phase and 2.58 on delayed-phase SPECT/CT, respectively. Mean TBR was 1.14 on early phase and 1.48 on delayed-phase SPECT/CT, respectively. Statistically significant differences in SUVmax and TBR between dual-phase SPECT/CT were observed ( P  < 0.001). Conclusions Delayed-phase SPECT/CT in SHPT is required because of the better image contrast.
Objectives In observational studies, handgrip strength (HGS), a prognostic marker for healthy aging, has been associated with several chronic disease outcomes. The present systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to determine the quantitative relationship between HGS and the risk of all-cause mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods Search PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases. The search was performed from inception to July 20, 2022, and the search was updated in February 2023. Cohort studies were included exploring the relationship between handgrip strength and the risk of all-cause mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease. Effect estimates and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were extracted from the studies to perform pooling. The quality of included studies was assessed using the Newcastle–Ottawa scale. We evaluated the overall certainty of evidence using Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE). Results This systematic review included 28 articles. A random-effects meta-analysis that included 16,106 patients with CKD showed that participants with lower HGS had an increased mortality risk of 96.1% compared to higher HGS (HR: 1.961; 95% CI 1.591–2.415) (GRADE: very low). Moreover, this association was independent of baseline mean age and follow-up time. In 2,967 patients with CKD, a random-effects model-based meta-analysis showed that for each 1-unit increase in HGS, the risk of death in patients with CKD was reduced by 3.9% (HR: 0.961; 95% CI 0.949–0.974) (GRADE: moderate). Conclusions In patients with CKD, better HGS is associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality. This study supports using HGS as a strong predictor of mortality in this population.
Ischemia–reperfusion injury (IRI) is one of the major causes of acute kidney injury (AKI), and experimental work has revealed detailed insight into the inflammatory response in the kidney. T cells and NFκB pathway play an important role in IRI. Therefore, we examined the regulatory role and mechanisms of IkappaB kinase 1 (IKK1) in CD4^+T lymphocytes in an experimental model of IRI. IRI was induced in CD4cre and CD4IKK1Δ mice. Compared to control mice, conditional deficiency of IKK1 in CD4^+T lymphocyte significantly decreased serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen (BUN) level, and renal tubular injury score. Mechanistically, lack in IKK1 in CD4^+T lymphocytes reduced the ability of CD4 lymphocytes to differentiate into Th1/Th17 cells. Similar to IKK1 gene ablation, pharmacological inhibition of IKK also protected mice from IRI. Together, lymphocyte IKK1 plays a pivotal role in IRI by promoting T cells differentiation into Th1/Th17 and targeting lymphocyte IKK1 may be a novel therapeutic strategy for IRI.
The development of acute kidney injury after surgery is associated with significant mortality and morbidity and with worse short and long-term outcomes. Patients who develop acute kidney injury are at an increased risk of developing long-term renal dysfunction, which leads to lower quality of life and greater financial burden on the healthcare system. Although there are various systems to classify the severity of acute kidney injury, most systems only measure components that deteriorate after significant renal damage, such as urine output and serum creatinine. Surgical trauma and stress trigger acute kidney injury development, in addition to multiple co-morbidities, cardiovascular disease, and postoperative factors. The pathophysiology of acute kidney injury is complex, and this is reflected in the heterogenous population that is affected. Treatment is largely supportive and focuses on ensuring adequate renal perfusion, correcting electrolyte abnormalities and avoiding further renal injury. Current research focuses on novel biomarkers that detect decreased renal function earlier and that the deteriorating renal function can be treated before long-lasting damage occurs. This review discusses the epidemiology, aetiology, risk factors, and short and long-term surgical outcomes of acute kidney injury. Treatment, prevention, and recent developments in future research are also discussed. Graphical Abstract 
This study was conducted to compare the differences of the whole blood zinc concentration in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) as compared to healthy controls, and to explore the correlations of the whole blood zinc level with coronary artery calcification (CAC) and cardiovascular event (CVE) in CKD patients. A total of 170 CKD patients and 62 healthy controls were recruited. The whole blood zinc concentration was determined in using atomic absorption spectroscopy (AAS) method. The degrees of CAC were evaluated by Agatston score based on computed tomography (CT). Regular follow-up visits were performed to record the incidence of CVE, and risk factors were analyzed by COX proportional hazard model and Kaplan–Meier survival curve. There were statistically significant lower zinc levels in CKD patients than in healthy population. The prevalence of CAC was 58.82% in CKD patients. Correlation analysis showed that dialysis duration, intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), 25-hydroxyvitamin D_3 (25(OH)D_3), neutrophil–lymphocyte ratio (NLR), total cholesterol (TC), and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (Hs-CRP) were positively correlated with CAC, while albumin (ALB), hemoglobin (Hb), and zinc levels were negatively associated with CAC. Further COX proportional hazard model demonstrated that moderate to severe CAC, NLR, phosphate, 25(OH)D_3, iPTH, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) were associated with an increased risk for CVE, while zinc levels, Hb, and ALB were inversely associated with a reduced risk for CVE. Kaplan–Meier curve showed that low zinc (zinc < 86.62 μmol/L) patients and moderate to severe CAC patients had lower survival respectively. Our study found the lower levels of zinc and higher prevalence of CAC in CKD patients; the low zinc is involved in the high incidence rate of moderate to severe CAC and CVE in CKD patients.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a heterogeneous clinical complication with no existing definite or particular therapies. Therefore, molecular mechanisms and approaches for treating acute kidney injury are in urgent need. Herein, we demonstrated that dexrazoxane (DXZ), a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved cardioprotective drug, can both functionally and histologically attenuate cisplatin or ischemia-reperfusion injury-induced AKI in vitro and in vivo via inhibiting ferroptosis specifically. This effect is characterized by decreasing lipid peroxidation, shown by the biomarker of oxidative stress 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) and prostaglandinendoperoxide synthase 2 (Ptgs2), while reversing the downregulation of glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) and ferritin 1 (FTH-1). Mechanistically, the results revealed that DXZ targeted at the renal tubule significantly inhibits ferroptosis by suppressing α -amino- β -carboxymuconate- ε -semialdehyde decarboxylase (ACMSD). Furthermore, the conjugation of dexrazoxane and polysialic acid (DXZ-PSA) is specifically designed and utilized to enhance the therapeutic effect of DXZ by long-term effect in the kidney, especially retention and targeting in the renal tubules. This study provides a novel therapeutic approach and mechanistic insight for AKI by inhibiting ferroptosis through a new type drug DXZ-PSA with the enhanced renal distribution.
Background Providing self-management support to kidney transplant recipients is essential. However, a scale to identify the self-management support they have received is lacking. The purpose of this study is to develop a Self-management Support Scale for Kidney Transplant Recipients (SMSSKTR) and test its psychometric properties. Methods This is an instrument development and validation study, which has a three-stage cross-sectional design. In Stage 1, a preliminary item pool was formed using a literature review, semi-structured interviews, and the Delphi method. In Stage 2, six experts were invited to assess content validity. A convenience sample of 313 participants was used to explore the factor structure by using exploratory factor analysis. The test-retest reliability was assessed using the intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC). In Stage 3, two hundred and sixty-five participants were recruited to validate the factor structure by using confirmatory factor analysis. Convergent validity was examined using Spearman’s correlation coefficient. Cronbach’s alpha coefficient and corrected item-total correlation coefficient were used to test the reliability of the entire scale and its dimensions. The study was reported according to the STARD and GRRAS checklists. Results An initial 40-item scale was developed in Stage 1. In Stage 2, three factors with 22 items emerged from the exploratory factor analysis: instrumental support, psychosocial support, and relational support. The content validity index of the scale was 0.97. The intra-class correlation coefficient for the entire scale and the subscales were 0.915, 0.771, 0.896, and 0.832, respectively. In Stage 3, the confirmatory factor analysis indicated that the three-factor model had a good fit. The score of the scale was positively associated with that of the Self-Management Scale of Renal Transplant Recipients ( r  = 0.532). Cronbach’s alpha was 0.959 for the entire scale and 0.956–0.958 for the three subscales. The corrected item-total correlation coefficient ranged from 0.62 to 0.82. Conclusion The 22-item SMSSKTR has sufficient psychometric properties to assess the self-management support they have received, which has not been measured before.
Background To systematically evaluate the diagnostic efficacy of urinary Dickkopf-Related Protein 3 (DKK-3) in acute kidney injury and to explore the clinical application value of urinary DKK-3. Method English databases (PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, and WOS) and Chinese databases (VIP, WanFang data, and China National Knowledge Internet) were screened for relevant papers published before March 12, 2023. After literature screening and data extraction, quality assessment was performed according to the QUADAS-2 scoring system. Then, the combined diagnostic and predictive parameters were calculated using a bivariate mixed effect meta-analysis model. Deek’s funnel plot asymmetry test assessed publication bias, and Fagan's nomogram plot was used to verify its clinical utility. Result A total of 5 studies involving 2787 patients were included in this meta-analysis, of which 4 focused on contrast-induced acute kidney injury (CI-AKI) and 1 focused on AKI associated with cardiac surgery. The analysis showed that urine Dickkopf-3 has high diagnostic accuracy for AKI, with a sensitivity of 0.55 (95% CI [0.41, 0.68]), specificity of 0.80 (95% CI [0.70, 0.87]), positive likelihood ratio (PLR) of 2.7 [1.8, 4.1], negative likelihood ratio (NLR) of 0.56 [0.42, 0.75], diagnostic odds ratio (DOR) of 5 [3, 9], and AUC of 0.74 [0.70–0.77]. We did not perform subgroup analyses for predictive value due to the small number of included studies. Conclusion Urinary DKK3 may have limited predictive ability for acute kidney injury, especially for AKI associated with cardiac surgery. Therefore, urinary DKK3 may serve as a potential predictor for AKI. However, clinical studies with larger samples are still needed for validation.
Objectives N-Acetylcysteine (NAC) may confer protection against post-contrast acute kidney injury (PC-AKI), although evidence is sparse and conflicting. The objective was to analyse the evidence on the efficacy and safety of NAC vs no administration of NAC in preventing PC-AKI in patients with pre-existing kidney impairment undergoing a non-interventional radiological examination requiring intravenous (IV) contrast media (CM) administration. Methods We carried out a systematic review including randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published in MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Clinicaltrials.gov up to May 2022. The primary outcome was PC-AKI. Secondary outcomes included the requirement of renal replacement therapy, all-cause mortality, serious adverse events, and length of hospital stay. We conducted the meta-analyses using the Mantel–Haenszel method and following a random-effects model. Results NAC was not associated with a significant reduction in PC-AKI (RR 0.47, 95%CI 0.20 to 1.11; 8 studies; 545 participants; I ^2: 56%; low certainty), all-cause mortality (RR 0.67, 95%CI 0.29 to 1.54; 2 studies; 129 participants; very low certainty), or length of hospital stay (mean difference 9.2 days, 95%CI − 20.08 to 38.48; 1 study; 42 participants; very low certainty). The impact on other outcomes could not be determined. Conclusions NAC may not reduce the risk of PC-AKI or all-cause mortality in people with kidney impairment who receive an IV CM prior to radiological imaging, although the certainty of the evidence is very low or low. Clinical relevance statement Our review concludes that prophylactic administration of N-acetylcysteine may not significantly reduce the risk of acute kidney injury in patients with kidney impairment receiving an intravenous contrast media prior to non-interventional radiological imaging, which may support decision making in this common clinical scenario. Key Points • N-Acetylcysteine may not significantly reduce the risk of acute kidney injury in patients with kidney impairment receiving an intravenous contrast media prior to non-interventional radiological imaging . • All-cause mortality and length of hospital stay would not be decreased with the administration of N-Acetylcysteine in this setting .
This study seeks to evaluate the recurrence of kidney stones (ROKS) nomogram for risk stratification of recurrence in a retrospective study. To do this, we analyzed the performance of the 2018 ROKS nomogram in a case–control study of 200 patients (100 with and 100 without subsequent recurrence). All patients underwent kidney stone surgery between 2013 and 2015 and had at least 5 years of follow-up. We evaluated ROKS performance for prediction of recurrence at 2- and 5-year via area under the receiver operating curve (ROC-AUC). Specifically, we assessed the nomogram’s potential for stratifying patients based on low or high risk of recurrence at: a) an optimized cutoff threshold (i.e., optimized for both sensitivity and specificity), and b) a sensitive cutoff threshold (i.e., high sensitivity (0.80) and low specificity). We found fair performance of the nomogram for recurrence prediction at 2 and 5 years (ROC-AUC of 0.67 and 0.63, respectively). At the optimized cutoff threshold, recurrence rates for the low and high-risk groups were 20 and 45% at 2 years, and 50 and 70% at 5 years, respectively. At the sensitive cutoff threshold, the corresponding recurrence rates for the low and high-risk groups were of 16 and 38% at 2 years, and 42 and 66% at 5 years, respectively. Kaplan–Meier analysis revealed a recurrence-free advantage between the groups for both cutoff thresholds ( p  < 0.01, Fig.  2 ). Therefore, we believe that the ROKS nomogram could facilitate risk stratification for stone recurrence and adherence to risk-based surveillance protocols.
Background Chronic kidney disease patients on haemodialysis (HD) experience negative consequences in the quality of life (QOL), which is affected by factors such as perceived social support and spirituality/religiosity. The purpose of the study was to assess perceived social support, religiosity, and QOL among HD patients in Aseer, Saudi Arabia. Results A total of 162 HD patients were included in the study. Patient ages ranged from 18 to 64 years with mean age 44.6 ± 11.9. Duration of HD was <5 years among 41.4% of patients, and ≥10 years in 21%. Perceived social support was high among 79.6% of patients. Religiosity score ranged from 26 to 52 (out of 65) with mean score 36.6 ± 5.2. There was a significant correlation between perceived social support, religiosity, and the life satisfaction domain of QOL ( P <0.05). Conclusions High perceived social support alongside high religiosity had a significant effect on patients’ life satisfaction domain of health-related QOL (HRQOL). Therefore, social support and religiosity assessment are important in HD patient care. Further studies should assess the benefit of religious/spiritual counselling as part of a holistic multi-disciplinary approach.
Background Measurement of health-related quality of life (HRQOL) enables identification of treatment-related side effects of a disease. Such aspects may negatively impact on patients’ lives and should be taken into consideration in medical decision-making. In sub-Saharan Africa, research from the perspective of patients with chronic kidney disease is scarce, and it is almost non-existent in patients undergoing hemodialysis. We aimed to determine HRQOL among end-stage renal disease patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis in Ethiopia and to identify factors associated with HRQOL. Methods A multi-center cross-sectional study was conducted in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia directed to all patients receiving hemodialysis due to kidney failure at 11 randomly-selected government and private hospitals/dialysis centers in the capital of Ethiopia. Data were collected by trained nurses using the KDQOL-36 instrument with five subscales measuring generic and disease-specific HRQOL. Study-specific items were used to collect socio-demographic and clinical data. Factors associated with HRQOL were examined using multivariable linear regression models. Results Four hundred eighty-one patients completed the survey through face-to-face interviews (response rate 96%; mean age 45.34 ± 14.67). The mean scores of the subscales ranged from 25.6 to 66.68 (range 0–100), with higher scores reflecting better health. Factors associated with low HRQOL included older age, female sex, no formal education, poor medication adherence, > 2 hemodialysis sessions/week, lower body mass index (< 18.5), longer duration of hemodialysis treatment (≥ 12 months), and poor social support. Conclusion Patients with kidney failure undergoing hemodialysis in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, had low HRQOL across all subscales compared to previous studies. Therefore, the implementation of guidelines is crucial to improve patients’ adherence to their prescribed medications. Furthermore, establishing patient support groups and encouraging patients to use the available support resources from family members, neighbors, and friends have the potential to improve patients’ HRQOL.
Background Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the leading cause of chronic liver disease in the western world. The excess mortality in NAFLD patients is strongly related to extrahepatic comorbidities. Recently, an association between NAFLD and chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been reported in various populations. Methods Based on the IQVIA Disease Analyzer database, this retrospective study examined two cohorts from Germany matched for sex, age, index year, annual visit frequency, hypertension, and diabetes, including 92,225 patients with and without NAFLD. The incidence of CKD was assessed as a function of NAFLD using Cox regression models. Results A total of 92,225 NAFLD patients as well as 92,225 patients without NAFLD were included into analyses. CKD was diagnosed in 19.1% vs. 11.1% of patients with and without NAFLD within the 10 years observation period ( p  < 0.001). Cox regression confirmed a significant association between NAFLD and CKD with a hazard ratio (HR) of 1.80 (95%CI: 1.73–1.86, p  < 0.001). Subgroup analyses revealed that this association was most pronounced in the age group of 18 to 50 years (HR: 2.13, 95%CI: 1.91–2.37, p  < 0.001) and among female NAFLD patients (HR 1.85, 95%CI: 1.76–1.95, p  < 0.001). Conclusions The results of this study confirm a significantly increased risk of developing CKD in a large, real-world cohort of adult NAFLD patients in Germany. Interdisciplinary care of NAFLD patients, which is currently gaining importance worldwide, should be considered to include systematic measures for prevention and/or early detection of CKD with the aim of minimizing long-term renal complications.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is common among critically ill children and these children are at risk of developing acute kidney disease (AKD). Methods A prospective cohort study was conducted on children aged > 1 month to ≤ 18 years old admitted to the pediatric intensive care unit (ICU) of Hong Kong Children’s Hospital from 6/2020 to 6/2021. The incidences and risk factors of both AKI and AKD were determined. Results There were 254 eligible admissions (58.3% in males, with a median age of 4.9 [9.7] years). The overall AKI incidence was 41.7% and 56% of children who remained hospitalized in the pediatric  ICU for ≥ 7 days after acquiring AKI developed AKD. Cardiac surgery, bone marrow transplantation and requirement of inotropes were risk factors for both AKI and AKD. The requirement of non-invasive ventilation [relative risk (RR): 2.625 (1.361, 5.064)], total medication dose [RR 1.006 (1.002, 1.010)] and maximal medication intensity [RR 1.154 (1.038, 1.283)] were additional determinants of AKI. Factors indicating more severe AKI and AKI progression were predictive of AKD development. The overall mortality in the pediatric ICU was 3.1%. AKI was significantly associated with mortality ( p  < 0.001), longer length of hospitalization in the pediatric ICU ( p  < 0.001) and hospital stay ( p  < 0.001). AKD was associated with a lower estimated glomerular filtration rate at discharge from the pediatric ICU ( p  = 0.036). Conclusion AKI and AKD were common among critically ill children, and were associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Few modifiable risk factors, especially those related to nephrotoxic medication exposure, were associated with AKI development and AKD progression. Graphical abstract 
Background Hyperechoic crystal deposits can be detected in the kidney medulla of patients with gout by ultrasonography examination. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is usually accompanied with hyperuricemia. Whether hyperechoic crystal deposition could be detected by ultrasonography in CKD patients, and its clinical association are unknown. Methods Five hundred and fifteen consecutive CKD patients were included in this observational study. Clinical, biochemical and pathological data were collected and analyzed. Results Altogether, 234 (45.4%) patients were found to have hyperuricemia and 25 patients (4.9%) had gout history. Hyperechoic crystal deposits in kidney medulla were found in forty-four (8.5%) patients, on ultrasonography. Compared with patients without hyperechoic crystal deposits, patients with deposits were more likely to be male, younger, with gout history and presenting with higher serum uric acid level, lower estimated glomerular filtration rate, lower urine pH, lower 24 h-urinary citrate and uric acid excretion, and with a higher percentage of ischemic nephropathy (all p  < 0.05). On multivariable logistic analysis, the hyperechoic depositions were associated with age [0.969 (0.944, 0.994), p  = 0.016], serum uric acid level [1.246 (1.027, 1.511), p  = 0.026], Sqrt-transformed 24 h-urine uric acid excretion [0.923 (0.856, 0.996), p  = 0.039], and ischemic nephropathy [4.524 (1.437, 14.239), p  = 0.01], respectively. Conclusions Hyperechoic crystal deposition can be detected in kidney medulla by ultrasonography; in CKD patients their presence was associated with hyperuricemia as well as with ischemic nephropathy. Graphical abstract 
Background Despite vaccination coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)-associated mortality caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) remains high in kidney transplant recipients. Nirmatrelvir is a protease inhibitor with activity against SARS-CoV-2. Nirmatrelvir reduces the risk for mortality and hospitalization, which is approved for treating adults at risk for severe disease. Nirmatrelvir is metabolized by the cytochrome P-450 (CYP) 3A4 isozyme CYP3A4 and is therefore co-administered with the irreversible CYP3A4 inhibitor ritonavir, which results in a drug interaction with tacrolimus. A limited number of patients with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and tacrolimus therapy after kidney transplantation have been reported to date. It has been reported that tacrolimus was paused during the five-day nirmatrelvir/ritonavir therapy and subtherapeutic tacrolimus levels were observed after finishing nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in two patients. Therefore, optimization of tacrolimus dosing is urgently needed in transplant recipients receiving nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment. Case presentation Here, we present our first-hand experience with four patients receiving tacrolimus therapy following kidney transplantation and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir therapy due to COVID-19. Tacrolimus was paused during nirmatrelvir/ritonavir therapy in all patients, which resulted in stable therapeutic tacrolimus levels. Tacrolimus was continued directly after finishing nirmatrelvir/ritonavir to avoid subtherapeutic levels in the first patient treated. This patient received his usual tacrolimus maintenance dose, which resulted in toxic levels. Based on this observation, tacrolimus therapy was continued 24 h after finishing nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment at a reduced dose in the subsequent patients. In these patients, therapeutic to supratherapeutic tacrolimus levels were observed despite the therapeutic break and dose reduction. Discussion and conclusions Based on altered CYP3A4 metabolism, tacrolimus levels have to be closely monitored after treatment with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir. Our study suggests that tacrolimus treatment should be paused during nirmatrelvir/ritonavir medication and be continued 24 h after completing nirmatrelvir/ritonavir therapy at a reduced dose and under close monitoring. Based on the limited number of patients in this study, results must be interpreted with caution.
One of the most important features of innate immunity is the presence of a special group of pattern recognition receptors (PRRs) called toll-like receptors (TLRs), which recognize pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs) and damage-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs), resulting in a quick and effective immune response to them. Glomerulonephritis (GN) is one of the most important categories of renal disorders characterized by destructive responses of the immune system to the glomerulus. To date, the association of TLRs as important innate immune system members with GN has been one of the topics that attracted the attention of researchers in this field. However, the exact role of these receptors in the immunopathogenesis of GN has not yet been fully discussed. Therefore, this study aims to overview the role of TLRs in GN and the possibility of using them as a potential therapeutic target.
Background Congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) are the primary cause of pediatric chronic kidney disease. Maternal body mass index (BMI) before pregnancy, pregestational diabetic mellitus (DM), and gestational diabetic mellitus (GDM) are potential modifiable risk factors for CAKUT in offspring. Methods In this case control study, 4619 neonates were enrolled during 2012–2020 from Kaohsiung Veterans General Hospital in Taiwan. Maternal risk factors before and during pregnancy were compared in children with and without CAKUT. The yearly incidence of CAKUT in offspring and maternal overweight were recorded. Results In total, 73 (1.6%) cases of CAKUT in offspring were identified. Maternal overweight before pregnancy (BMI ≥ 24 kg/m^2) was an independent risk factor for CAKUT in offspring. No associations of pregestational DM and GDM with CAKUT in offspring were observed. The incidence rates of CAKUT and maternal obesity have increased in the past 10 years. Conclusions Maternal obesity before pregnancy is associated with CAKUT in offspring and should be addressed to ensure better outcomes. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major health problem, and the risk of CKD and hypertension in children born low birth weight (LBW) is under-recognized. We hypothesized that children born with LBW would have a higher prevalence of reduced kidney function and hypertension. Methods Using the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), we conducted a cross-sectional study to evaluate whether LBW (< 2500 g), very low birth weight (VLBW < 1500 g), and large birth weight (BW) (> 4000 g) were associated with kidney disease using 4 different estimating equations. We used the Counahan–Barratt, updated Schwartz, CKiD-U25, and full age spectrum creatinine-based GFR estimating equations to evaluate associations between a history of LBW/VLBW/large BW and reduced kidney function (eGFR < 90 mL/min/1.73 m^2) in children. We also assessed blood pressure (BP) using the old and new pediatric hypertension guidelines. Results Our analysis included 6336 children (age 12–15 years) in NHANES representing over 13 million US individuals. Using the updated Schwartz, the prevalence of reduced kidney function was 30.1% (25.2–35.6) for children born with LBW compared to 22.4% (20.5–24.3) in children with normal BW. Equations yielded different estimates of prevalence of reduced kidney function in LBW from 21.5% for Counahan–Barratt to 35.4% for CKiD-U25. Compared to those with normal BW, participants with LBW and VLBW had a 7.2 and 10.3% higher prevalence of elevated BP and a 2.4 and 14.6% higher prevalence of hypertension, respectively. Conclusions Children born with LBW are at higher risk of reduced kidney function and hypertension than previously described. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Damage to peritubular capillaries is a key process that contributes to acute kidney injury (AKI) progression. Vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA) plays a critical role in maintaining the renal microvasculature. However, the physiological role of VEGFA in various AKI durations remains unclear. A severe unilateral ischemia‒reperfusion injury model was established to provide an overview of VEGFA expression and the peritubular microvascular density from acute to chronic injury in mouse kidneys. Therapeutic strategies involving early VEGFA supplementation protecting against acute injury and late anti-VEGFA treatment for fibrosis alleviation were analyzed. A proteomic analysis was conducted to determine the potential mechanism of renal fibrosis alleviation by anti-VEGFA. The results showed that two peaks of extraglomerular VEGFA expression were observed during AKI progression: one occurred at the early phase of AKI, and the other occurred during the transition to chronic kidney disease (CKD). Capillary rarefaction progressed despite the high expression of VEGFA at the CKD stage, and VEGFA was associated with interstitial fibrosis. Early VEGFA supplementation protected against renal injury by preserving microvessel structures and counteracting secondary tubular hypoxic insults, whereas late anti-VEGFA treatment attenuated renal fibrosis progression. The proteomic analysis highlighted an array of biological processes related to fibrosis alleviation by anti-VEGFA, which included regulation of supramolecular fiber organization, cell-matrix adhesion, fibroblast migration, and vasculogenesis. These findings establish the landscape of VEGFA expression and its dual roles during AKI progression, which provides the possibility for the orderly regulation of VEGFA to alleviate early acute injury and late fibrosis.
Purpose In recent years, increasing evidence has shown that sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2i) drugs have potential renoprotective effects in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). However, the renal protective effect of SGLT2i in non-diabetic nephropathy patients has not been extensively demonstrated. In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we aimed to evaluate the renal protective effect and safety of SGLT2i in non-diabetic nephropathy patients. Methods we searched for relevant clinically randomised controlled trials and analyzed the effects of SGLT2i on estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR), and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and the incidence of adverse events in patients with non-diabetic nephropathy. Results We collated and analysed clinical data from six groups of patients with nondiabetic nephropathy. It was found that the SGLT2i significantly delayed the decline in eGFR [MD = 1.35 ml/min/1.73 m^2, 95% CI 0.84, 1.86), P  < 0.0001]. Furthermore, the SGLT2i significantly reduced UACR [MD =  − 24.47% l, 95% CI (− 38.9, −10.04), P  = 0.0009], and showed a greater decrease in SBP [MD =  − 4.13 mmHg, 95% CI (− 7.49, − 0.77), P  = 0.02]. There was no significant difference in the incidence of adverse reactions between dapagliflozin/empagliflozin and the control group [OR = 1.14, 95% CI (0.88, 1.47), P  = 0.33]. Conclusion This study shows that SGLT2i help to delay the progression of non-diabetic kidney disease. Therefore, SGLT2i may contribute to the general treatment of nondiabetic nephropathy.
Background Low- and middle-income countries experience an increasing burden of chronic kidney disease. Cardiovascular risk factors, including advancing age, may contribute to this phenomenon. We (i) profiled cardiovascular risk factors and different biomarkers of subclinical kidney function and (ii) investigated the relationship between these variables. Methods We cross-sectionally analysed 956 apparently healthy adults between 20 and 30 years of age. Cardiovascular risk factors such as high adiposity, blood pressure, glucose levels, adverse lipid profiles and lifestyle factors were measured. Various biomarkers were used to assess subclinical kidney function, including estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), urinary albumin, uromodulin and the CKD273 urinary proteomics classifier. These biomarkers were used to divide the total population into quartiles to compare extremes (25^th percentiles) on the normal kidney function continuum. The lower 25^th percentiles of eGFR and uromodulin and the upper 25^th percentiles of urinary albumin and the CKD273 classifier represented the more unfavourable kidney function groups. Results In the lower 25^th percentiles of eGFR and uromodulin and the upper 25^th percentile of the CKD273 classifier, more adverse cardiovascular profiles were observed. In multi-variable adjusted regression analyses performed in the total group, eGFR associated negatively with HDL-C (β= -0.44; p < 0.001) and GGT (β= -0.24; p < 0.001), while the CKD273 classifier associated positively with age and these same risk factors (age: β = 0.10; p = 0.021, HDL-C: β = 0.23; p < 0.001, GGT: β = 0.14; p = 0.002). Conclusion Age, lifestyle and health measures impact kidney health even in the third decade.
Purpose Renin–angiotensin system hyperactivation in autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) patients leads to early hypertension. Cystic enlargement probably causes parenchymal hypoxia, renin secretion, and endothelial dysfunction. Sympathetic and parasympathetic balance is altered in this condition, especially during the night, also affecting blood pressure circadian rhythm. Aim of this study was to evaluate sympathetic/parasympathetic balance using heart rate variability (HRV) parameters and find a correlation between HRV and renal damage progression, as total kidney volume enlargement, in ADPKD patients. Methods Sixteen adult ADPKD patients were enrolled in the study. Eleven patients (68.8%) were male, and the median age was 42 years (IQR 36–47.5). HRV parameters were calculated using 24 h-ECG Holter. A kidney magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan 3 Tesla was performed to evaluate total kidney volume (TKV) and total fibrotic volume (TFV). Results A statistically significant positive linear correlation was observed between length of kidneys and frequency domain parameters as low frequency (LF) ( r  = 0.595, p  < 0.05) and LFday ( r  = 0.587, p  < 0.05). Moreover, a statistically significant positive linear correlation exists between high frequency (HF) and TFV ( r  = 0.804, p  < 0.01) or height-adjusted (ha) TFV ( r  = 0.801, p  < 0.01). Finally, we found a statistically significant positive linear correlation between HFnight and TKV ( r  = 0.608, p  < 0.05), ha-TKV ( r  = 0.685, p  < 0.01), TFV ( r  = 0.594, p  < 0.05), and ha-TFV ( r  = 0.615, p  < 0.05). Conclusion We suppose that the increase in TKV and TFV could lead to a parasympathetic tone hyperactivation, probably in response to hypoxic stress and vasoconstriction due to cystic enlargement.
Background Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) was associated with severe acute illness including multiple organ failure. Acute kidney injury (AKI) was a common finding, often requiring dialysis support. Objective Define the incidence of new clinically identified chronic kidney disease (CKD) among patients with COVID-19 and no pre-existing kidney disease. Design Participants The South Carolina (SC) Department of Health and Environmental Control (DHEC) COVID-19 mandatory reporting registry of SC residents testing for COVID-19 between March 2020 and October 2021 was included. Design Main Measures The primary outcome was a new incidence of a CKD diagnosis (N18.x) in those without a pre-existing diagnosis of CKD during the follow-up period of March 2020 to January 14, 2022. Patients were stratified by severity of illness (hospitalized or not, intensive care unit needed or not). The new incidence of CKD diagnosis was examined using logistic regression and cox proportional hazards analyses. Key Results Among patients with COVID-19 ( N = 683,958) without a pre-existing CKD diagnosis, 8322 (1.2 %) were found to have a new diagnosis of CKD. The strongest predictors for subsequent CKD diagnosis were age ≥ 60 years hazard ratio (HR) 31.5 (95% confidence interval [95%CI] 25.5–38.8), and intervening (between COVID-19 and CKD diagnoses) AKI diagnosis HR 20.7 (95%CI 19.7–21.7). The presence of AKI was associated with an HR of 23.6, 95% CI 22.3–25.0, among those not hospitalized, and HR of 6.2, 95% CI 5.7–6.8 among those hospitalized, for subsequent CKD. COVID-19 was not significantly associated with subsequent CKD after accounting for the severity of illness and comorbidities. Conclusion Among SC residents, COVID-19 was not associated with CKD independent from indicators of the severity of illness, especially AKI diagnosis. Kidney-specific follow-up testing may be reserved for those high-risk for CKD development. Further prospective registries should examine the long-term kidney consequences to confirm these findings.
Though initially believed to primarily be a respiratory pathogen, the SARS-CoV-2 virus has manifested as a virus that has the potential to affect multiple organ systems causing a wide variety of disease and symptomatology. Children have been largely spared in comparison to adult morbidity and mortality; however, acute pediatric illness secondary to COVID-19 infection has become both more common and more serious. Here, we present a teenager with acute COVID-19 who presented to the hospital with profound weakness and oliguria and was discovered to have severe rhabdomyolysis causing life-threatening hyperkalemia and acute kidney injury. He required treatment with emergent renal replacement therapy in the intensive care unit. His initial CK was 584,886 U/L. Creatinine was 14.1 mg/dL and potassium was 9.9 mmol/L. He was successfully treated with CRRT and was discharged on hospital day 13 with normal kidney function on follow-up. Rhabdomyolysis and acute kidney injury are increasingly recognized as complications of acute SARS-CoV-2 infection and require vigilance given the potentially fatal complications and long-standing morbidity associated with these conditions.
Background There is growing attention on occupational heat stress in Central America, as workers in this region are affected by a unique form of chronic kidney disease. Previous studies have examined wet bulb globe temperatures and estimated metabolic rates to assess heat stress, but there are limited data characterizing heat strain among these workers. Objective The aims were to characterize heat stress and heat strain and examine whether job task, break duration, hydration practices, and kidney function were associated with heat strain. Methods We used data from the MesoAmerican Nephropathy Occupational Study, a cohort of 569 outdoor workers in El Salvador and Nicaragua who underwent workplace exposure monitoring, including continuous measurement of core body temperature (T_c), heart rate (HR), physical activity, and wet bulb globe temperature (WBGT), over the course of three days in January 2018 - May 2018. Participants represented five industries: sugarcane, corn, plantain, brickmaking, and construction. Results Median WBGTs were relatively high (>27 °C) at most sites, particularly when work shifts spanned the afternoon hours (e.g., 29.2 °C among plantain workers). Sugarcane workers, especially cane cutters in both countries and Nicaraguan agrichemical applicators, had the highest estimated metabolic rates (medians: 299–318 kcal/hr). Most workers spent little time on break (<10% of the shift), as determined by physical activity data. Overall, sugarcane workers—particularly those in Nicaragua—experienced the highest T_c and HR values. However, a few workers in other industries reached high T_c (>39 °C) as well. Impaired kidney function (estimated glomerular filtration rate <90 mL/min/1.73 m^2) was associated with higher T_c and HR values, even after adjustment. Significance This is the largest study to-date examining heat stress and strain among outdoor workers in Central America. Workers at sugar companies regularly experienced T_c > 38°C (76.9% of monitored person-days at Nicaraguan companies; 46.5% at Salvadoran companies). Workers with impaired kidney function had higher measures of T_c and HR. Impact statement This study examined levels of occupational heat stress and heat strain experienced among outdoor workers in five industries in El Salvador and Nicaragua. We characterized heat stress using wet bulb globe temperatures and estimated metabolic rate and heat strain using core body temperature and heart rate. Sugarcane workers, particularly cane cutters and Nicaraguan agrichemical applicators, performed more strenuous work and experienced greater levels of heat strain. Impaired kidney function was associated with higher heart rates and core body temperatures.
Background Cardiac surgery-associated acute kidney injury (AKI) is one of the common complications of cardiac surgery. Preoperative angiography helps assess heart disease but may increase the risk of AKI. Although more and more patients with preoperative renal dysfunction can undergo cardiac surgery with the advances in surgical techniques, there is little research on the effect of angiography on postoperative AKI in these patients. This study investigates whether angiography increases the risk of AKI after cardiac surgery in patients with preoperative renal dysfunction (15 ≤ eGFR < 60 ml/min/1.73m^2). Methods Patients with preoperative renal dysfunction (15 ≤ eGFR < 60 ml/min/1.73m^2) who underwent angiography and cardiac surgery successively from January 2015 to December 2020 were retrospectively enrolled in this study. The primary outcome was postoperative AKI, defined as the Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes Definition and Staging (KDIGO) criteria. Univariate analysis and multivariate regression were performed to identify the association between angiography timing and AKI. Results A total of 888 consecutive eligible patients with preoperative renal dysfunction (15 ≤ eGFR < 60 ml/min/1.73m^2) were enrolled in this study. The incidence of AKI was 48.31%. Male (OR = 1.903), the interval between angiography and surgery (0-2d OR = 2.161; 3-6d OR = 3.291), cross-clamp duration (OR = 1.009), were identified as predictors for AKI. The interval between angiography and surgery was also associated with AKI in the patients with 15 ≤ eGFR < 30ml/min/1.73m^2 (0-2d OR = 4.826; 3-6d OR = 5.252), 30 ≤ eGFR < 45 ml/min/1.73m^2 (0-2d OR = 2.952; 3-6d OR = 3.677), but not associated with AKI in patients with 45 ≤ eGFR < 60 ml/min/1.73m^2. Conclusions In patients with preoperative renal dysfunction, the interval between angiography and cardiac surgery (0-2d and 3-6d) was associated with AKI. For patients with poorer preoperative renal function, the interval between angiography and cardiac surgery is of great concern.
Purpose To evaluate the associations between comorbidities and kidney function decline at 6-month and 1-year follow-up in outpatients with initial estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) ≥ 30 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Materials and methods Outpatients aged 18 and older with confirmed diagnosis, who had eGFR ≥ 30 mL/min/1.73 m^2 measured between April 2017 and March 2019, were included in this retrospective observational study. Of them, 30,595 included outpatients had 6-month eGFR test and 27,698 included outpatients had 1-year eGFR test. The outpatients were further divided into two groups based on initial eGFR: between 30 and 59 and ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Impaired renal function was defined as eGFR declined to below 30 mL/min/1.73 m^2. The comorbidities with P values less than 0.1 identified in univariable logistic regression models were entered into the multivariable analysis with backward selection, thereby identifying comorbidities that increased the risk of eGFR decline at 6-month and 1-year follow-up. Results Outpatients with initial eGFR between 30 and 59 mL/min/1.73 m^2 were 175.94 times more likely to have eGFR decline at 6 months, and were 94.10 times more likely to have eGFR decline at 1 year, compared with their corresponding initial eGFR ≥ 60 counterparts. Multivariable logistic regression analyses disclosed that chronic kidney disease, hypertension, and heart failure were independent risk factors for eGFR decline in outpatients with initial eGFR between 30 and 59 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Conclusions Outpatients with initial eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2 might not need routine eGFR test prior to contrast-enhanced CT scan for 1 year. In addition, chronic kidney disease, hypertension, and heart failure increased the risk of declined renal function, particularly, in outpatients with initial eGFR between 30 and 59 mL/min/1.73 m^2.
Background Post-transplant diabetes mellitus occurs in 10–40% of kidney transplant recipients and is associated with increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases. Early identification of patients with a higher risk of developing diabetes could allow to take timely measures. However, no validated model exists to predict the risk of post-transplant diabetes mellitus. Methods This retrospective study includes 267 adult patients who underwent kidney transplantation at the Antwerp University Hospital between January 2014 and August 2021. Post-transplant diabetes mellitus was diagnosed based on the American Diabetes Association definition at 3 months post-transplant. First, a logistic regression analysis was used to identify predictors for post-transplant diabetes mellitus. Second, criteria to identify patients with a high risk (> 35%) of developing post-transplant diabetes mellitus at 3 months were established. Results At 3 months post-transplantation, 54 (20.2%) patients developed post-transplant diabetes mellitus. Univariable analysis showed that age, body mass index and HbA1c on the day of transplantation were associated with post-transplant diabetes mellitus. However, in a multivariable model with the same parameters, only HbA1c remained statistically significant. An absolute increase in HbA1c of 0.1% increases the odds for developing post-transplant diabetes mellitus by 28% (95% confidence interval 1.15–1.42). An HbA1c level ≥ 5.3% at transplantation, regardless of age or body mass index, is sufficient to identify patients with a post-transplant diabetes mellitus risk of ≥ 35% with a positive predictive value of 39% and a negative predictive value of 88%. Conclusions The HbA1c value at transplantation was the strongest predictor for post-transplant diabetes mellitus at 3 months post-transplant. Furthermore, at least in our population, a pre-transplant HbA1c of ≥ 5.3% can be used as an easy tool to identify patients at high risk of early post-transplant diabetes mellitus. Graphical abstract 
Background Xanthogranulomatous pyelonephritis (XGP) is a rare chronic pyelonephritis that often mimics other renal diseases, when combined with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease(ADPKD), preoperative diagnosis is exceedingly difficult. It is important for clinicians to be aware of an XGP with ADPKD since a misdiagnosis can lead to unnecessary surgical intervention. Case presentation Here, we report a case of a 66-year-old female with a history of bilateral ADPKD and urinary tract infection admitted to our hospital due to right flank pain, feeble, and low-grade fever. Contrast-enhanced ultrasound revealed a malignant mass of the right kidney suspected to be a cystic renal cell carcinoma with polycystic kidney disease. In addition, contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CT) and fluorine 18 fluorodeoxyglucose PET/CT (^18F FDG PET/CT) showed similar results. Subsequently, the patient underwent a right radical nephrectomy, but histopathological examination revealed XGP with ADPKD. On the follow-up, the patient's symptoms were relieved. Conclusions XGP should be kept in mind during the differential diagnosis of renal masses with ADPKD even in the absence of characteristic clinical symptoms and imaging manifestations.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been considered to be a poor prognostic factor for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, few studies have focused on early HCC and the impact of CKD on survival, which should be considered in curative treatment for early HCC. Materials and methods Patients with BCLC stage 0/A were enrolled from 2009 to 2019. A total of 383 patients were divided into Control group and CKD group, based on estimated glomerular filtration rate. Overall survival (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS) of different treatments were determined using the Kaplan–Meier method. Results The Control group had a significantly better OS than the CKD group (72.6 months vs. 56.7 months; p  = 0.003). DFS was similar between the groups (62.2 months vs. 63.8 months, p  = 0.717). In the Control group, the surgically treated (OP) group had significantly superior OS (65.0 months vs. 80.0 months, p  = 0.014) and DFS (50.9 months vs. 70.2 months, p  = 0.020) than the radiofrequency ablation-treated group. In the CKD group, the OP group showed a survival advantage in OS (70.6 months vs. 49.2 months, p  = 0.004), while DFS was similar between treatment groups (56.0 months vs. 62.2 months, p  = 0.097). Conclusion CKD should not be considered to be a poor prognostic factor in early HCC patients. Moreover, hepatectomy should be carried out in CKD patient with early HCC for better prognosis if feasible.
Background Using Antimicrobial stewardship programs (ASP) to monitor the use of antibiotics can lead to improved antibiotic use and reduced costs. Methods This retrospective cohort study was done at Shiraz Organ Transplant Center, the largest transplant center in Asia. Antimicrobial use, cost, clinical outcomes, and antibiotic resistance pattern were evaluated before and after ASP. Results This study included 2791 patients, 1154 of whom were related to the time before ASP and 1637 to the time after ASP. During the period of the research, a total of 4051 interventions were done. The use of all classes of antibiotics was significantly reduced by ASP, with 329 DDD/100PD before the intervention compared to 201 DDD/100PD after it ( p  = 0.04). In addition, the overall cost of antibiotics purchased was much lower after the ASP measures were implemented ($43.10 per PD) than before implementation of the ASP measures ($60.60 per PD) ( p  = 0.03). After the implementation of ASP, the number of MDR isolates was significantly reduced. Conclusion The results of our study showed that the implementation of ASP significantly reduced the number and costs of antibiotics and also the number of resistant pathogens, but did not affect the patients’ length of stay.
Melamine (Mel) as a milk powder adulterant came to light in September 2008, when a kidney stone disease (KSD) outbreak struck China. The mechanism of the formation of Mel-associated uric acid (UA) stones is relatively unknown. Therefore, in the present study, Mel's influence was explored at comparatively higher and lower concentrations in artificial urine. The parameter optimization performed when the Mel concentration in artificial urine was low, which revealed that higher pH values and lower UA concentration considerably delayed the induction of UA crystallization. When Mel concentration was increased relative to UA concentration, the induction time of UA crystallization decreased dramatically. At the highest concentration of Mel investigated (at UA–Mel molar ratio 1:1), PXRD analysis and SEM revealed a change in crystalline structure of the samples. Based on FTIR analysis, it was determined that UA–Mel interactions are essentially physical, because no new characteristic bands developed. Two inhibitors, namely tri-potassium citrate (TPC) and 3, 7-dimethylxanthine (DMX), were investigated for their inhibitory action on UA crystallization in the presence of Mel. DMX was observed to be more promising than TPC in delaying the induction of crystallisation and hence inhibiting crystal formation.
The risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) by chronic kidney disease (CKD) stratified by age and sex has not been examined in detail in rural Japanese populations. Therefore, we herein investigated the long-term risk of CVD by CKD and performed an age- and sex-stratified risk analysis. We examined 5163 subjects who underwent health screening between 1992 and 1995 with calculated eGFR and follow-up information on CVD events. The mean follow-up period was 10 years. We analyzed the incidences of CVD events, including stroke and myocardial infarction (MI). We compared the risk of CVD between subjects with and without CKD using a Cox proportional hazards model adjusted for well-known CVD confounding factors. The total number of CVD events was 175. The hazard ratios (HRs) for all events, stroke, MI, and sudden death by CKD relative to non-CKD were 1.18 (95% C.I.:0.83–1.68), 0.96 (0.63–1.46), 3.02 (1.2–7.62), and 1.29 (0.43–3.87), respectively. HRs for MI were 7.24 in subjects < 65 years and 1.65 in those ≥ 65 years. HRs for MI by sex were 3.55 in men and 2.09 in women. A younger age and men sex were identified as independent risk factors for the risk of MI in the presence of CKD. These results suggest that among CKD patients, the management of a younger age group and men will effectively prevent MI.
Pediatric patients with progressive chronic kidney disease (CKD) approaching kidney replacement therapy (KRT) make up a small population but carry significant morbidity and mortality. Patients and caregivers require comprehensive kidney failure education to ensure a smooth start to KRT. Choice of KRT modality can be influenced by medical comorbidities, patient/caregiver comprehension, and comfort with a particular modality, social and economic factors, and/or implicit bias of the health care team. As KRT modality can influence morbidity, mortality, and quality of life, we created a pediatric advanced CKD clinic to provide comprehensive KRT education and to promote informed decision-making for our advanced CKD patients and their caregivers.
Purpose Both venous and arterial thrombotic events (VTE/AT) can be associated with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI). However, there is a paucity of information apropos patients in routine clinical practice. Methods/patients Retrospective, multicenter study promoted by the Thrombosis and Cancer Section of the Spanish Society of Medical Oncology (SEOM). Individuals with kidney or bladder cancer who initiated ICI between 01/01/2015 and 12/31/2020 were recruited. Minimum follow-up was 6 months (except in cases of demise). The primary objective was to calculate the incidence of ICI-associated VTE/AT and secondary objectives included to analyze their impact on survival and identify variables predictive of VTE/AT. Results 210 patients with kidney cancer were enrolled. The incidence of VTE/AT during follow-up (median 13 months) was 5.7%. Median overall survival (OS) was relatively lower among subjects with VTE/AT (16 months, 95% CI 0.01–34.2 vs. 27 months, 95% CI 22.6–31.4; p  = 0.43). Multivariate analysis failed to reveal predictive variables for developing VTE/ AT. 197 patients with bladder were enrolled. There was a 9.1% incidence rate of VTE/AT during follow-up (median 8 months). Median OS was somewhat higher in patients with VTE/AT (28 months, 95% CI 18.4–37.6 vs 25 months, 95% CI 20.7–29.3; p  = 0.821). Serum albumin levels < 3.5 g/dl were predictive of VTE/ AT ( p  < 0.05). Conclusions There appears to be no association between developing VTE/AT and ICI use in patients with renal or bladder cancer. Serum albumin levels are a predictive factor in individuals with bladder cancer.
Background Patients with chronic kidney disease frequently develop neurological complications including confusion and altered consciousness. Non-convulsive status epilepticus, which is characterized by a change in behavior and/or mental process accompanied by epileptiform discharges on electroencephalogram in the absence of convulsive seizures, is one of the overlooked causes of altered consciousness. The incidence and precise pathophysiological mechanism of non-convulsive status epilepticus in patients with kidney disease, and especially in patients with electrolyte disturbances, remains unknown. We recently treated an older patient with chronic kidney disease and severe hyperkalemia in whom non-convulsive status epilepticus developed following a correction of severe hyperkalemia. Case presentation An 82-year-old male was admitted to our hospital at midnight because of weakness of all four limbs (Day 1). He underwent urgent hemodialysis for severe hyperkalemia (9.84 mEq/L) and his serum potassium concentration decreased to 4.97 mEq/L. He regained full consciousness and his limb weakness improved on the morning of Day 2, but he became confused in the evening. Electroencephalogram revealed repeated low-voltage ictal discharges in the right occipital region and a diagnosis of non-convulsive status epilepticus was made. Following medication with fosphenytoin and phenytoin, the patient became fully alert and orientated on Day 8. Conclusion We speculate that a rapid correction of hyperkalemia was the possible cause of non-convulsive status epilepticus development. To our knowledge, this is the first report of non-convulsive status epilepticus from a potassium abnormality. We described a case of this condition in detail and summarized 78 previous case reports of non-convulsive status epilepticus with kidney disease or electrolyte disturbances.
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a common disease as it is difficult to diagnose early due to its lack of symptoms. The main goal is to first diagnose kidney failure, which is a requirement for dialysis or a kidney transplant. This model teaches patients how to live a healthy life, helps doctors identify the risk and severity of disease, and how plan future treatments. Machine learning algorithms are often used in health care to predict and manage the disease. The purpose of this study is to develop a model for the early detection of CKD, which has three parts: (a) applying baseline classifiers on categorical attributes, (b) applying baseline classifiers on non_categorical attributes, (c) applying baseline classifiers on both categorical and non_categorical attributes, and (d) improving the results of the proposed model by combing the results of above three classifiers based on a majority vote. The proposed model based on baseline classifiers and the majority voting method shows a 3% increase in accuracy over the other existing models. The results provide support for increased accuracy in the current classification of chronic kidney disease.
Background Remote ischaemic preconditioning (RIPC) has been investigated as a simple intervention to potentially mitigate the ischaemic effect of the surgical insult and reduce postoperative morbidity. This review systematically evaluates the effect of RIPC on morbidity, including duration of hospital stay and parameters reflective of cardiac, renal, respiratory, and hepatic dysfunction following non-cardiac non-vascular (NCNV) surgery. Methods The electronic databases PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) were searched from their inception date to November 2021. Studies investigating the effect of local preconditioning or postconditioning were excluded. Methodological quality and risk of bias were determined according to the Revised Cochrane risk-of-bias tool for randomised trials (RoB 2). Calculation of the odds ratios and a random effects model was used for dichotomous outcomes and mean differences or standardised mean differences as appropriate were used for continuous outcomes. The primary outcomes of interest were cardiac and renal morbidity, and the secondary outcomes included other organ function parameters and hospital length of stay. Results A systematic review of the published literature identified 36 randomised controlled trials. There was no significant difference in postoperative troponin or acute kidney injury. RIPC was associated with lower postoperative serum creatinine (9 studies, 914 patients, mean difference (MD) - 3.81 µmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) - 6.79 to - 0.83, p = 0.01, I ^2 = 5%) and lower renal stress biomarker (neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL), 5 studies, 379 patients, standardized mean difference (SMD) - 0.66, 95% CI - 1.27 to - 0.06, p = 0.03, I ^2 = 86%). RIPC was also associated with improved oxygenation (higher P_aO_2/F_iO_2, 5 studies, 420 patients, MD 51.51 mmHg, 95% CI 27.32 to 75.69, p < 0.01, I ^2 = 89%), lower biomarker of oxidative stress (malondialdehyde (MDA), 3 studies, 100 patients, MD - 1.24 µmol/L, 95% CI - 2.4 to - 0.07, p = 0.04, I ^2 = 91%)) and shorter length of hospital stay (15 studies, 2110 patients, MD - 0.99 days, 95% CI - 1.75 to - 0.23, p = 0.01, I ^2 = 88%). Conclusions This meta-analysis did not show an improvement in the primary outcomes of interest with the use of RIPC. RIPC was associated with a small improvement in certain surrogate parameters of organ function and small reduction in hospital length of stay. Our results should be interpreted with caution due to the limited number of studies addressing individual outcomes and the considerable heterogeneity identified. Trial registration PROSPERO CRD42019129503.
Purpose The robotic system CoFlex for kidney stone removal via flexible ureteroscopy (fURS) by a single surgeon (solo surgery, abbreviated SSU) is introduced. It combines a versatile robotic arm and a commercially available ureteroscope to enable gravity compensation and safety functions like virtual walls. The haptic feedback from the operation site is comparable to manual fURS, as the surgeon actuates all ureteroscope DoF manually. Methods The system hardware and software as well as the design of an exploratory user study on the simulator model with non-medical participants and urology surgeons are described. For each user study task both objective measurements (e.g., completion time) and subjective user ratings of workload (using the NASA-TLX) and usability (using the System Usability Scale SUS) were obtained. Results CoFlex enabled SSU in fURS. The implemented setup procedure resulted in an average added setup time of 341.7 ± 71.6 s, a NASA-TLX value of 25.2 ± 13.3 and a SUS value of 82.9 ± 14.4. The ratio of inspected kidney calyces remained similar for robotic (93.68 %) and manual endoscope guidance (94.74 %), but the NASA-TLX values were higher (58.1 ± 16.0 vs. 48.9 ± 20.1) and the SUS values lower (51.5 ± 19.9 vs. 63.6 ± 15.3) in the robotic scenario. SSU in the fURS procedure increased the overall operation time from 1173.5 ± 355.7 s to 2131.0 ± 338.0 s, but reduced the number of required surgeons from two to one. Conclusions The evaluation of CoFlex in a user study covering a complete fURS intervention confirmed the technical feasibility of the concept and its potential to reduce surgeon working time. Future development steps will enhance the system ergonomics, minimize the users’ physical load while interacting with the robot and exploit the logged data from the user study to optimize the current fURS workflow.
Background People who have severe mental illness experience higher rates of long-term conditions and die on average 15–20 years earlier than people who do not have severe mental illness, a phenomenon known as the mortality gap. Long-term conditions, such as diabetes, impact health outcomes for people who have severe mental illness, however there is limited recognition of the relationship between chronic kidney disease and severe mental illness. Therefore, the aim of this scoping review was to explore the available evidence on the relationship between chronic kidney disease and severe mental illness. Methods Electronic databases, including MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and PsycINFO were searched. The database searches were limited to articles published between January 2000–January 2022, due to significant progress that has been made in the detection, diagnosis and treatment of both SMI and CKD. Articles were eligible for inclusion if they explored the relationship between SMI and CKD (Stages 1–5) in terms of prevalence, risk factors, clinical outcomes, and access to treatment and services. Severe mental illness was defined as conditions that can present with psychosis, including schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, bipolar disorder, and other psychotic disorders. Thirty articles were included in the review. Results The included studies illustrated that there is an increased risk of chronic kidney disease amongst people who have severe mental illness, compared to those who do not. However, people who have severe mental illness and chronic kidney disease are less likely to receive specialist nephrology care, are less likely to be evaluated for a transplant, and have higher rates of mortality. Conclusion In conclusion, there is a dearth of literature in this area, but the available literature suggests there are significant health inequalities in kidney care amongst people who have severe mental illness. Further research is needed to understand the factors that contribute to this relationship, and to develop strategies to improve both clinical outcomes and access to kidney care. Graphical abstract 
Introduction and aim In the general population, high levels of lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) are an independent risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases. However, the information available in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is less robust. The main objective of this updated systematic review of prospective studies was to analyze the association between elevated Lp(a) levels and cardiovascular outcomes or death in patients with CKD. Methods The PRISMA guidelines were used to carry out this systematic review. Randomized clinical trials or prospective observational studies that evaluated the association between Lp(a) levels and cardiovascular outcomes or death in CKD patients were searched in the current literature. Results Fifteen studies including 12,260 individuals were identified and considered eligible for this systematic review. In total, 14 prospective cohorts and one post-hoc analysis of a randomized clinical trial were analyzed. Eight studies evaluated hemodialysis patients, one study analyzed patients on peritoneal dialysis, while six studies evaluated subjects with different stages of CKD. Median follow-up duration ranged from 1 to 8.6 years. Our findings showed that elevated Lp(a) values were associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular events or death in most studies, despite adjusting for traditional risk factors. Conclusion The findings of this systematic review show that there is a positive association between Lp(a) levels and fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular events in patients with CKD. Graphical abstract 
Background The use of hemoperfusion for cytokine removal and inflammatory mediators is increasingly intense, especially in coronavirus disease 2019 patients who are already known to the general public for having cytokine storms. However, we have known about these cytokine storms for a long time in the critical care world. One of the modalities to remove cytokines is to use filtration and adsorption techniques with continuous renal replacement therapy. The use of continuous renal replacement therapy is usually constrained by its very high cost compared with standard care, especially in Indonesia, where health costs are covered by national health insurance. In this case, we use hemodialysis and hemoperfusion, using a dialysis machine, which is more cost-effective and easy to use. Case presentation We used the Jafron HA330 cartridge, modified for the BBraun Dialog+ dialysis machine. This case report presents an 84-year-old Asian man with septic shock due to pneumonia, congestive heart failure, and acute chronic kidney disease accompanied by fluid overload. After undergoing hemodialysis and hemoperfusion separately, there was a gradual and significant clinical improvement. Clinical indicators, including the vasopressor inotropic score and infection markers, should all be considered when deciding whether to begin hemodialysis and hemoperfusion. Conclusion In general, using hemoperfusion to treat septic shock patients can reduce the length of stay in the intensive care unit, and morbidity and mortality.
Objective To analyze the clinical characteristics of patients with overweight acute type A aortic dissection, and to explore the risk factors of acute kidney injury in patients with overweight acute type A aortic dissection. Methods From March 2019 to February 2022, the clinical data of 71 patients with acute type a aortic dissection diagnosed by CTA and undergoing surgical treatment with BMI > 24 in the First People's Hospital of Yunnan Province were retrospectively analyzed, and analyzed by univariate and logistic multivariate analysis methods. Results The mean BMI of all included patients was 27.23, The mean surface area of all included human populations was 1.833. The mean age of all patients was (52.06 ± 10.71) years old, and 35 patients developed acute kidney injury after surgery. Multi-factor Logistics regression analysis confirmed the risk factors for postoperative acute kidney injury in overweight patients with acute type A aortic dissection, including gender, CPB transit time and intraoperative infusion of suspended red blood cells. Seven patients in the AKI group died in hospital after surgery and two patients died in the non-AKI group. Conclusions Among patients with overweight acute Type A aortic dissection, the incidence of AKI is 49.30%. According to multi-factor Logistics regression analysis, gender, CPB transit time and intraoperative suspended red blood cell volume are independent risk factors for postoperative acute kidney injury in patients with overweight acute Type A aortic dissection.
Background Kidney stone disease (KSD) is commonly accompanied with renal fibrosis, characterized by accumulation and reorganization of extracellular matrix (ECM). During fibrogenesis, resident renal fibroblasts are activated to become myofibroblasts that actively produce ECM. However, such fibroblast–myofibroblast differentiation in KSD remained unclear. Our present study thus examined effects of secreted products (secretome) derived from proximal (HK-2) vs. distal (MDCK) renal tubular cells exposed to calcium oxalate monohydrate (COM) crystals on activation of renal fibroblasts (BHK-21). Methods HK-2 and MDCK cells were treated with 100 µg/ml COM crystals under serum-free condition for 16 h. In parallel, the cells maintained in serum-free medium without COM treatment served as the control. Secretome derived from culture supernatant of each sample was mixed (1:1) with fresh serum-free medium and then used for BHK-21 culture for another 24 h. Results Analyses revealed that COM-treated-HK-2 secretome significantly induced proliferation, caused morphological changes, increased spindle index, and upregulated fibroblast-activation markers (F-actin, α-SMA and fibronectin) in BHK-21 cells. However, COM-treated-MDCK secretome had no significant effects on these BHK-21 parameters. Moreover, level of transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1), a profibrotic factor, significantly increased in the COM-treated-HK-2 secretome but not in the COM-treated-MDCK secretome. Conclusions These data indicate, for the first time, that proximal and distal tubular epithelial cells exposed to COM crystals send different messages to resident renal fibroblasts. Only the secretome derived from proximal tubular cells, not that from the distal cells, induces renal fibroblast activation after their exposure to COM crystals. Such differential effects are partly due to TGF-β1 secretion, which is induced by COM crystals only in proximal tubular cells.
Background Previous studies have reported cross-sectional associations between measures of epigenetic age acceleration (EAA) and kidney function phenotypes. However, the temporal and potentially causal relationships between these variables remain unclear. We conducted a bidirectional two-sample Mendelian randomization study of EAA and kidney function. Genetic instruments for EAA and estimate glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were identified from previous genome-wide association study (GWAS) meta-analyses of European-ancestry participants. Causal effects of EAA on kidney function and kidney function on EAA were assessed through summary-based Mendelian randomization utilizing data from the CKDGen GWAS meta-analysis of log-transformed estimated glomerular filtration rate (log-eGFR; n  = 5,67,460) and GWAS meta-analyses of EAA ( n  = 34,710). An allele score-based Mendelian randomization leveraging individual-level data from UK Biobank participants ( n  = 4,33,462) further examined the effects of EAA on kidney function. Results Using summary-based Mendelian randomization, we found that each 5 year increase in intrinsic EAA (IEAA) and GrimAge acceleration (GrimAA) was associated with − 0.01 and − 0.02 unit decreases in log-eGFR, respectively ( P  = 0.02 and P  = 0.09, respectively), findings which were strongly supported by allele-based Mendelian randomization study (both P  < 0.001). Summary-based Mendelian randomization identified 24% increased odds of CKD with each 5-unit increase in IEAA ( P  = 0.05), with consistent findings observed in allele score-based analysis ( P  = 0.07). Reverse-direction Mendelian randomization identified potentially causal effects of decreased kidney function on HannumAge acceleration (HannumAA), GrimAA, and PhenoAge acceleration (PhenoAA), conferring 3.14, 1.99, and 2.88 year decreases in HanumAA, GrimAA, and PhenoAA, respectively ( P  = 0.003, 0.05, and 0.002, respectively) with each 1-unit increase in log-eGFR. Conclusion This study supports bidirectional causal relationships between EAA and kidney function, pointing to potential prevention and therapeutic strategies.
Background The new visceral adiposity index (NVAI) was superior to previous obesity indices in predicting cardiovascular diseases among Asians. Nevertheless, the utility of the NVAI for predicting chronic kidney disease is still unclear. The objective of this research was to explore the relationship between the NVAI and subclinical renal damage (SRD) and to investigate whether the NVAI outperforms other common obesity indices in predicting SRD in the Chinese population. Methods Participants in this cross-sectional study were from the Hanzhong Adolescent Hypertension Cohort. The NVAI and seven other common obesity indices were calculated, including body mass index, waist circumference, lipid accumulation product, visceral adiposity index, Chinese visceral adiposity index, a body shape index and metabolic score for visceral fat. Logistic regression models revealed the association between NVAI and SRD. The odds ratio (OR) and the 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated to show the association between the two variables. The predictive power of eight obesity indices for SRD was evaluated through the receiver operating characteristic curve and area under the curve (AUC). In addition, the net reclassification index (NRI) and integrated discrimination improvement (IDI) were also applied to compare the incremental predictive value for SRD of different obesity indices. Results The median age of the 2358 subjects was 42.00 years. Across NVAI tertiles, the prevalence of SRD was 7.25%, 11.21%, and 21.60%, respectively. After adjusting for confounders, a high level of NVAI remained a risk factor for SRD. The ORs of the middle and top NVAI tertiles for SRD were 1.920 (95% CI: 1.322, 2.787) and 4.129 (95% CI: 2.750, 6.202), respectively. The AUC of the NVAI was 0.666 (95% CI: 0.647, 0.685), which was significantly larger than the AUC of any of the other obesity indicators. Moreover, the NRI and IDI were significantly improved when NVAI was added to the basic model for predicting SRD. Among eight obesity indices, NVAI had the highest NRI (0.392; 95% CI: 0.280, 0.503), and its IDI (0.021; 95% CI: 0.014, 0.027) was second only to that of the body mass index (0.023; 95% CI: 0.014, 0.032). Conclusions NVAI is independently and positively associated with SRD. Among the eight obesity indices, the NVAI shows the strongest predictive power for SRD in the Chinese population. The NVAI may be useful as an effective warning indicator of chronic kidney disease in Chinese adults.
Background Acute kidney injury is now recognized as a common complication of coronavirus disease 2019, affecting up to 46% of patients, with acute tubular injury as the most common etiology. Recently, we have seen an increase in cases of collapsing glomerulonephritis in patients with coronavirus disease 2019, also known as coronavirus disease 2019-associated nephropathy. It has been noted to be seen with a higher incidence in African American patients who are carriers of the APOL1 variant allele. Case presentation A 47-year-old African American male with a past medical history of asthma presented to the emergency department with complaints of intermittent chest pain, shortness of breath, and worsening confusion. On admission, he was found to be hemodynamically stable, but labs were significant for elevated creatinine and blood urea nitrogen, signifying acute kidney injury. He was admitted and taken for emergent dialysis. During his hospitalization, he was found to be positive for coronavirus disease 2019. Renal biopsy was done, which showed collapsing glomerulopathy, and the patient continues to require outpatient dialysis after discharge. Conclusion Collapsing glomerulonephritis has emerged as a complication in patients with coronavirus disease 2019. This condition should be particularly suspected in African American patients who present with acute kidney injury, nephrotic-range proteinuria, and who are positive for coronavirus disease 2019. Current treatment options are limited to supportive treatment and renal replacement therapy. More clinical cases and trials are needed to better understand and improve therapeutic outcomes in these patients.
Objectives: Urine output is used to evaluate fluid status and is an important marker for acute kidney injury (AKI). Our primary aim was to validate a new automatic urine output monitoring device by comparison to the current practice – the standard urometer. Methods: We conducted a prospective observational study in three ICUs. Urine flow measurements by Serenno Medical Automatic urine output measuring device (Serenno Medical, Yokneam, Israel) were compared to standard urometer readings taken automatically at 5-minutes intervals by a camera, and to hourly urometer readings by the nurses, both over 1 to 7 days. Our primary outcome was the difference between urine flow assessed by the Serenno device and reference camera-derived measurements (Camera). Our secondary outcome was the difference between urine flow assessed by the Serenno device and hourly nursing assessments (Nurse), and detection of oliguria. Results: Thirty-seven patients completed the study, with 1,306 h of recording and a median of 25 measurement hours per patient. Bland and Altman analysis comparing the study device to camera measurements demonstrated good agreement, with a bias of -0.4 ml/h and 95% confidence intervals ranging from − 28 to 27ml/h. Concordance was 92%. The correlation between Camera and hourly nursing assessment of urine output was distinctly worse with a bias of 7.2 ml and limits of agreement extending from − 75 to + 107 ml. Severe oliguria (urine output < 0.3 ml/kg/h) lasting 2 h or more was common and observed in 8 (21%) of patients. Among the severe oliguric events lasting more than 3 consecutive hours, 6 (41%) were not detected or documented by the nursing staff. There were no device-related complications. Conclusion: The Serenno Medical Automatic urine output measuring device required minimal supervision, little ICU nursing staff attention, and is sufficiently accurate and precise. In addition to providing continuous assessments of urine output, it was considerably more accurate than hourly nursing assessments.
Purpose Advanced age is associated with an impaired humoral immune response to SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccination in kidney transplant recipients (KTR). The mechanisms are, however, poorly understood. Frailty syndrome assessment may determine the most vulnerable population. Methods This study is a secondary analysis of a prospective study (NCT04832841) regarding seroconversion after BNT162b2 vaccination, including 101 SARS-CoV-2 naïve KTR 70 years and older. The Fried frailty components were evaluated, and antibodies against S1 and S2 subunits of SARS-CoV-2 were examined > 14 days after the second dose of BNT162b2 vaccine. Results Seroconversion was observed in 33 KTR. Male gender, eGFR, MMF-free immunosuppression, and a lower frailty score were associated with higher seroconversion rates in univariable regression. Concerning frailty components, physical inactivity had the most negative effect on seroconversion (OR = 0.36, 95% CI 0.14–0.95, p  = 0.039). In a multivariable regression adjusted for eGFR, MMF-free immunosuppression, time from transplant and gender, pre-frail (OR = 0.27, 95% CI 0.07–1.00, p  = 0.050), and frail status (OR = 0.14, 95% CI 0.03–0.73, p  = 0.019) were associated with an increased risk of unresponsiveness to SARS-CoV-2 vaccines. Conclusion Frailty was associated with an impaired humoral response to SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccination in older SARS-CoV-2 naïve KTR . Trail registration This study is registered under the identifier NCT04832841 on ClinicalTrials.gov.
The causal links between urinary uromodulin (uUMOD) and kidney stone disease (KSD) are still not clarified in general population. We assessed their relationships combining 2-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) and multivariable (MVMR) designs among general population of European ancestry. The summary information for uUMOD indexed to creatinine levels (29,315 individuals) and KSD (395,044 individuals) were from 2 independent genome-wide association studies (GWAS). The primary causal effects of exposures on outcomes were evaluated using inverse variance-weighted (IVW) regression model. Multiple sensitivity analyses were also performed. In 2-sample MR, we found that 1-unit higher genetically predicted uUMOD levels were associated with a lower risk of KSD (OR = 0.62; 95% CI 0.55–0.71; P  = 2.83E−13). In reverse, we did not find the effect of KSD on uUOMD using IVW (beta = 0.00; 95% CI − 0.06–0.05; P  = 0.872) and other sensitivity analyses. In MVMR, uUMOD indexed to creatinine levels were directly associated with the risk of KSD after introducing eGFR, SBP, urinary sodium or all three factors (OR = 0.71; 95% CI 0.64–0.79; P  = 1.57E−09). Furthermore, our study supported that the protective effect of uUMOD on KSD may be partially mediated by eGFR (beta = − 0.09; 95% CI − 0.13 to − 0.06; mediation proportion = 20%). Our study supported that the protective effect of genetically predicted higher uUMOD levels on KSD may be partially mediated by eGFR decline, but not via SBP or urinary sodium. uUMOD might be a treatment target in preventing KSD in general population.
Renal cystogenesis is the pathological hallmark of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease, caused by PKD1 and PKD2 mutations. The formation of renal cysts is a common manifestation in ciliopathies, a group of syndromic disorders caused by mutation of proteins involved in the assembly and function of the primary cilium. Cystogenesis is caused by the derailment of the renal tubular architecture and tissue deformation that eventually leads to the impairment of kidney function. However, the biomechanical imbalance of cytoskeletal forces that are altered in cells with Pkd1 mutations has never been investigated, and its nature and extent remain unknown. In this computational study, we explored the feasibility of various biomechanical drivers of renal cystogenesis by examining several hypothetical mechanisms that may promote morphogenetic markers of cystogenesis. Our objective was to provide physics-based guidance for our formulation of hypotheses and our design of experimental studies investigating the role of biomechanical disequilibrium in cystogenesis. We employed the finite element method to explore the role of (1) wild-type versus mutant cell elastic modulus; (2) contractile stress magnitude in mutant cells; (3) localization and orientation of contractile stress in mutant cells; and (4) sequence of cell contraction and cell proliferation. Our objective was to identify the factors that produce the characteristic tubular cystic growth. Results showed that cystogenesis occurred only when mutant cells contracted along the apical-basal axis, followed or accompanied by cell proliferation, as long as mutant cells had comparable or lower elastic modulus than wild-type cells, with their contractile stresses being significantly greater than their modulus. Results of these simulations allow us to focus future in vitro and in vivo experimental studies on these factors, helping us formulate physics-based hypotheses for renal tubule cystogenesis.
Background Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) has mainly been considered as a glomerular disease. Our previous study showed that the progression of DKD was highly correlated with the dysfunction of renal proximal tubular cells. Fermented Cordyceps sinensis (CS), a substitute for natural CS, is a prominent herb widely used in China, and has exhibited excellent efficacy on DKD. However, the underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood. Methods The database analysis was used to identify the main therapeutic targets and pathways of CS involved in DKD treatment. Next, the protective effects of fermented CS on high glucose (HG, 30 mM) induced HK-2 cell injury was validated through cell proliferation and apoptosis assay, including CCK-8, EdU and TUNEL. Finally, quantitative real‑time PCR (qRT-PCR) and western blotting were used to verify key target genes. Results Our results revealed that 9 main targets (RELA, JNK1, PTEN, VEGFA, EGF, ERK2, CASP3, AKT1, MMP9) were recognized as key therapeutic targets with excellent binding affinity screened by database analysis and molecular docking. The biological processes were identified by Gene Ontology (GO) enrichment, which appeared mainly involved in the positive regulation of cell proliferation as well as the negative regulation of apoptosis. The verification experiments in vitro revealed that fermented CS significantly attenuated the HG-induced cytotoxicity and apoptosis, and promoted the proliferation of HK-2 cells. Moreover, fermented CS significantly downregulated the expressions of Bax, Caspase-3, VEGFA, P-AKT and P-ERK, and upregulated the expression of PTEN compared with that of HG group. Conclusion Our results demonstrate that the fermented CS has nephroprotective effects significantly, which functions via promoting proliferation and inhibiting apoptosis of renal proximal tubular cells, likely by targeting Caspase-3, Bax, VEGFA and PTEN. Furthermore, AKT and ERK signaling pathway may be the critical mechanisms underlying the efficacy of fermented CS in DKD treatment.
Objectives Beyond total kidney and cyst volume (TCV), non-cystic tissue plays an important role in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) progression. This study aims at presenting and preliminarily validating a diffusion MRI (DWI)–based TCV quantification method and providing evidence of DWI potential in characterising non-cystic tissue microstructure. Methods T2-weighted MRI and DWI scans (b = 0, 15, 50, 100, 200, 350, 500, 700, 1000; 3 directions) were acquired from 35 ADPKD patients with CKD stage 1 to 3a and 15 healthy volunteers on a 1.5 T scanner. ADPKD classification was performed using the Mayo model. DWI scans were processed by mono- and segmented bi-exponential models. TCV was quantified on T2-weighted MRI by the reference semi-automatic method and automatically computed by thresholding the pure diffusivity (D) histogram. The agreement between reference and DWI-based TCV values and the differences in DWI-based parameters between healthy and ADPKD tissue components were assessed. Results There was strong correlation between DWI-based and reference TCV (rho = 0.994, p  < 0.001). Non-cystic ADPKD tissue had significantly higher D, and lower pseudo-diffusion and flowing fraction than healthy tissue ( p  < 0.001). Moreover, apparent diffusion coefficient and D values significantly differed by Mayo imaging class, both in the whole kidney (Wilcoxon p  = 0.007 and p  = 0.004) and non-cystic tissue ( p  = 0.024 and p  = 0.007). Conclusions DWI shows potential in ADPKD to quantify TCV and characterise non-cystic kidney tissue microstructure, indicating the presence of microcysts and peritubular interstitial fibrosis. DWI could complement existing biomarkers for non-invasively staging, monitoring, and predicting ADPKD progression and evaluating the impact of novel therapies, possibly targeting damaged non-cystic tissue besides cyst expansion. Clinical relevance statement This study shows diffusion-weighted MRI (DWI) potential to quantify total cyst volume and characterise non-cystic kidney tissue microstructure in ADPKD. DWI could complement existing biomarkers for non-invasively staging, monitoring, and predicting ADPKD progression and evaluating the impact of novel therapies, possibly targeting damaged non-cystic tissue besides cyst expansion. Key Points • Diffusion magnetic resonance imaging shows potential to quantify total cyst volume in ADPKD . • Diffusion magnetic resonance imaging might allow to non-invasively characterise non-cystic kidney tissue microstructure . • Diffusion magnetic resonance imaging–based biomarkers significantly differ by Mayo imaging class, suggesting their possible prognostic value .
Digital pathology is vital for the correct diagnosis of kidney before transplantation or kidney disease identification. One of the key challenges in kidney diagnosis is glomerulus detection in kidney tissue segments. In this study, we propose a deep learning–based method for glomerulus detection from digitized kidney slide segments. The proposed method applies models based on convolutional neural networks to detect image segments containing the glomerulus region. We employ various networks such as ResNets, UNet, LinkNet, and EfficientNet to train the models. In our experiments on a network trained on the NIH HuBMAP kidney whole slide image dataset, the proposed method achieves the highest scores with Dice coefficient of 0.942.
Objectives We sought to examine the contribution of routine ultrasound when performed with computed tomography in identifying exclusion criteria in potential living kidney donors. Methods We performed a 10-year retrospective cohort study including all cases of potential renal donors at our center. For each case, the donor workup ultrasound (US) and multiphase computed tomography (MPCT) original reports and imaging were reviewed by a fellowship-trained abdominal radiologist in consultation with a transplant urologist and placed into one of 3 groups: (1) no significant US contribution, (2) US was useful to characterize an incidental finding (either US exclusive or US aided in CT interpretation) but did not impact donor eligibility, and (3) an US exclusive finding contributed to donor exclusion. Results A total of 432 potential live renal donors were evaluated (mean age 41, 263 women). In total, 340 (78.7%, group 1) cases had no significant US contribution. In 90 cases (20.8%, group 2), US helped to characterize one or more incidental findings but did not contribute to donor exclusion. In 1 (0.2%, group 3) case, an US exclusive finding (suspected medullary nephrocalcinosis) contributed towards donor exclusion. Conclusion US provided limited contribution to renal donor eligibility decisions when performed routinely with MPCT. Clinical relevance Routine ultrasound could potentially be omitted in the live renal donor workup, with alternative strategies including a selective approach to incorporating ultrasound and an expanded role of dual-energy CT. Key Points • Ultrasound is performed routinely with CT for renal donor assessment in some jurisdictions; however, this practice has come into question particularly with advances in dual-energy CT. • Our study found that routine use of ultrasound provided limited contribution, primarily assisting CT in characterization of benign findings with only 1/432 (0.2%) potential donors in a 10-year period excluded based in part on an ultrasound exclusive finding. • The role of ultrasound can be narrowed to a targeted approach for certain at-risk patients, and can be further reduced if dual-energy CT is utilized.
Purpose Compare the value of imaging using positron ^18F-labeled fibroblast activation protein inhibitor-42 (^18F-FAPI-42) and ^18F-labeled deoxyglucose (^18F-FDG) for assessment of AKI. Procedures This study analyzed cancer patients who received ^18F-FAPI-42 and ^18F-FDG PET/CT imaging. Eight patients had AKI with bilateral ureteral obstruction (BUO), eight had BUO (CKD1–2) with no acute kidney disease (AKD), and eight had no ureteral obstruction (UO) with normal renal function. The average standardized uptake value (SUV_ave) of the renal parenchyma (RP-SUV_ave), the blood pool SUV_ave (B- SUV_ave), SUV_ave in the highest region of the renal collective system (RCS-SUV_ave), and the highest serum creatinine level (top SCr) were recorded. Results The ^18F-FAPI-42 and ^18F-FDG results showed that radiotracer of renal parenchyma was more concentrated in the AKI group than in the other two groups, whereas the RP-SUV_ave from ^18F-FAPI-42 was higher than that from ^18F-FDG in the AKI group (all P  < 0.05). ^18F-FAPI-42 imaging in the AKI group showed uptake by the renal parenchyma with a diffuse increase, but very little radiotracer in the renal collecting system, similar to a “super kidney scan.” The renal parenchyma also had an increase of SUV_ave, with accumulation of radiotracer in the renal collecting system. AKI was more severe when a patient had a “super kidney scan” in both kidneys ( P  < 0.05). The B-SUV_ave level was higher in the AKI group than in the other two groups in ^18F-FAPI-42 (both P  < 0.05). Conclusions ^18F-FAPI-42 imaging had higher RP-SUV_ave than ^18F-FDG imaging in cancer patients who had BUO with AKI. An increased renal parenchyma uptake in both kidneys and low radiotracer distribution in the collecting system suggest more severe AKI.
Background Patients with cirrhosis and ascites (and portal hypertension) are at risk of developing acute kidney injury (AKI). Although many etiologies exist, hepatorenal AKI (HRS-AKI) remains a frequent and difficult-to-treat cause, with a very high mortality when left untreated. The standard of care is the use of terlipressin and albumin. This can lead to reversal of AKI, which is associated to survival. Nevertheless, only approximately half of the patients achieve this reversal and even after reversal patients remains at risk for new episodes of HRS-AKI. TIPS is accepted for use in patients with variceal bleeding and refractory ascites, which leads to a reduction in portal pressure. Although preliminary data suggest it may be useful in HRS-AKI, its use in this setting is controversial and caution is recommended given the fact that HRS-AKI is associated to cardiac alterations and acute-on-chronic liver failure (ACLF) which represent relative contraindications for transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt (TIPS). In the last decades, with the new definition of renal failure in patients with cirrhosis, patients are identified at an earlier stage. These patients are less sick and therefore more likely to not have contraindications for TIPS. We hypothesize that TIPS could be superior to the standard of care in patients with HRS-AKI. Methods This study is a prospective, multicenter, open, 1:1-randomized, controlled parallel-group trial. The main end-point is to compare the 12-month liver transplant-free survival in patients assigned to TIPS compared to the standard of care (terlipressin and albumin). Secondary end-point include reversal of HRS-AKI, health-related Quality of Life (HrQoL), and incidence of further decompensation among others. Once patients are diagnosed with HRS-AKI, they will be randomized to TIPS or Standard of Care (SOC). TIPS should be placed within 72 h. Until TIPS placement, TIPS patients will be treated with terlipressin and albumin. Once TIPS is placed, terlipressin and albumin should be weaned off according to the attending physician. Discussion If the trial were to show a survival advantage for patients who undergo TIPS placement, this could be incorporated in routine clinical practice in the management of patients with HRS-AKI. Trial registration Clinicaltrials.gov NCT05346393 . Released to the public on 01 April 2022.
Background Further understanding of adverse clinical event rates in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is required for improved quality of care. This study described baseline characteristics, adverse clinical event rates, and mortality risk in patients with CKD, accounting for CKD stage and dialysis status. Methods This retrospective, noninterventional cohort study included data from adults (aged ≥ 18 years) with two consecutive estimated glomerular filtration rates of < 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2, recorded ≥ 3 months apart, from the UK Clinical Practice Research Datalink of electronic health records obtained between January 1, 2004, and December 31, 2017. Select adverse clinical events, associated with CKD and difficult to quantify in randomized trials, were assessed; defined by Read codes and International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision codes. Clinical event rates were assessed by dialysis status (dialysis-dependent [DD], incident dialysis-dependent [IDD], or non–dialysis-dependent [NDD]), dialysis modality (hemodialysis [HD] or peritoneal dialysis [PD]), baseline NDD-CKD stage (3a–5), and observation period. Results Overall, 310,953 patients with CKD were included. Comorbidities were more common in patients receiving dialysis than in NDD-CKD, and increased with advancing CKD stage. Rates of adverse clinical events, particularly hyperkalemia and infection/sepsis, also increased with advancing CKD stage and were higher in patients on HD versus PD. Mortality risk during follow-up (1–5-year range) was lowest in patients with stage 3a NDD-CKD (2.0–18.5%) and highest in patients with IDD-CKD (26.3–58.4%). Conclusions These findings highlight the need to monitor patients with CKD for comorbidities and complications, as well as signs or symptoms of clinical adverse events.
Health research often uses patients as either participants or partners. Patients running the research is less common, even though the outcomes might be more important to patients than to anyone else. A medical company started the Kidney Connect project, but invited patients to drive it. The main driving role was planning and conducting data collection and analysis of data for the project. In this commentary, patient representatives describe how they led the project’s work, what went well and what did not go so well for patients. It then compares the project’s results with those from similar work that involved patients as partners but had only researchers in charge. We found that certain things can limit research that is run only by patients, but it has similar results to a project with only researchers in charge. Patient involvement in health research is rarely driven solely by patients, who could be considered to have the highest degree of investment in such research. In the Kidney Connect project, the patients have been the driving force. This commentary considers the following questions: How did we, as patients, lead the work as the driving force in the project? What went well and what did not go so well from our perspective? How did the project compare with work driven by researchers? We argue that projects driven solely by either patients or researchers each have their own limitations. Projects driven solely by patients have some limitations in their robustness, rigour, and likelihood of publication. Nevertheless, a project driven solely by patients has been able to produce findings that are broadly comparable to a project driven solely by researchers that employed methods ensuring robustness and rigour. We suggest collaboration between patients and researchers also for projects driven by patients.
Objective The brain-kidney axis was proposed to emphasize roles of kidney functioning in modulating neurodegeneration. We aimed to evaluate the associations of renal diseases and blood markers with risk of dementia or cognitive decline among non-demented adults. Methods The PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane library were searched until February 1st, 2022, to include longitudinal studies. Multivariate adjusted effects were pooled by random-effects models. The robust error meta-regression models were used for dose-response analyses. The credibility of metaanalyses was graded and an innovative index (Sdifference) was developed to evaluate the evidence tendency. Results A total of 41 longitudinal studies (6,480,136 participants, mean age range: 58.5–83.5 years) were included, of which 33 were for meta-analyses. Though with low level of evidence, five indicators of kidney were associated with increased risk of dementia or cognitive decline, including acute kidney injury (hazard ratio [HR] = 2.24, p = 0.0001), chronic kidney disease (HR = 1.29, p = 0.0001), higher serum creatinine (HR = 1.35, p = 0.0001), higher urine albumin creatine ratio (UACR, HR = 1.23, p = 0.0001), and lower estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR, HR = 1.18, p = 0.0001). A linear relationship was revealed for eGFR (p = 0.0217) or UACR (p = 0.0006). Heterogeneity is a main concern to jeopardize the evidence robustness, especially for eGFR (Sdifference = 0.05). Conclusion Some renal indicators were associated with a higher risk of dementia, though the evidence base warrants further strengthening. Renal function management might serve as a promising target for dementia prediction and prevention.
Background Continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) remains a crucial treatment for critically ill patients with acute kidney injury (AKI), although the timing of its initiation is still a matter of contention. Furosemide stress testing (FST) may be a practical and beneficial prediction instrument. This research was meant to examine if FST can be used to identify high-risk patients for CRRT. Methods This study is a double-blind, prospective interventional cohort study. For patients with AKI receiving intensive care unit (ICU) income, FST was selected with furosemide 1 mg/kg intravenous (1.5 mg/kg intravenous if a loop diuretic was received within 7 days). Urinary volume more than 200 ml at 2 h after FST was FST-responsive, less than 200 ml was FST-nonresponsive. The FST results are kept strictly confidential from the clinician, who decides whether to initiate CRRT based on laboratory testing and clinical symptoms other than the FST data. The FST data are concealed from both the patients and the clinician. Results FST was delivered to 187 of 241 patients who satisfied the inclusion and exclusion criteria, with 48 patients responding to the test and 139 patients not responding. 18/48 (37.5%) of the FST-responsive patients received CRRT, while 124/139 (89.2%) of the FST-nonresponsive patients received CRRT. There was no significant difference between the CRRT and non-CRRT groups in terms of general health and medical history ( P  > 0.05). Urine volume after 2 h of FST was considerably lower in the CRRT group than in the non-CRRT group (35 ml, IQR5-143.75 versus 400 ml, IQR210-890; P  = 0.000). FST non-responders were 2.379 times more likely to initiate CRRT than FST responders (95% CI 1.644–3.443, P  = 0.000). The area under the curve (AUC) for initiating CRRT was 0.966 (cutoff of 156 ml, sensitivity of 94.85%, specificity of 98.04%, P  < 0.001). Conclusion This study demonstrated that FST is a safe and practical approach for predicting the initiation of CRRT in critically ill AKI patients. Trial registration www.chictr.org.cn , ChiCTR1800015734, Registered 17 April 2018.
Purpose To investigate the association between red cell distribution width (RDW) to albumin (ALB) ratio and acute kidney injury (AKI) in sepsis. Methods This was a retrospective cohort study. Data were collected from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care Database IV (MIMIC-IV) from 2008 to 2019. The incidence of AKI was the primary outcome, which was defined based on the improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO). The association of RDW/ALB ratio with AKI in sepsis was assessed by multivariate logistic regression analysis using relative risk (RR) and a 95% confidence interval (CI). Subgroup group analyses were applied according to age, use of ventilation, and use of vasopressor, SAPS II, and SOFA. Results Of 1810 sepsis patients involved in this study, 563 (31.10%) sepsis patients developed AKI after ICU admission. The results suggested an increase in RDW/ALB was associated with a rise in the risk of AKI in sepsis (RR 1.09, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.16, P  = 0.013).Based on the subgroup analysis, RDW/ALB ratio was significantly associated with the risk of AKI in sepsis patients using the treatment of ventilation (RR: 1.07, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.14, P  = 0.041)) and in patients with SAPS II < 43 (RR: 1.16, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.29, P  = 0.007). Conclusion RDW/ALB ratio was independently associated with the risk of AKI in sepsis patients.
Background Autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD) is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in infants and children. In severe cases bilateral nephrectomies are considered but may be associated with significant neurological complications and life-threatening hypotension. Case presentation We describe a case of a 17 months old boy with genetically confirmed ARPKD who underwent sequential bilateral nephrectomies at the age of 4 and 10 months. Following the second nephrectomy the boy was started on continuous cycling peritoneal dialysis with blood pressure on the lower range. At the age of 12 months after a few days of poor feeding at home the boy experienced a severe episode of hypotension and coma of Glasgow Come Scale of three. Brain magnetic-resonance imaging (MRI) showed signs of hemorrhage, cytotoxic cerebral edema and diffuse cerebral atrophy. During the subsequent 72 h he developed seizures requiring anti-epileptic drug therapy, gradually regained consciousness but remained significantly hypotensive after discontinuation of vasopressors. Thus, he received high doses of sodium chloride orally and intraperitoneally as well as midodrine hydrochloride. His ultrafiltration (UF) was targeted to keep him in mild-to-moderate fluid overload. After two months of stable condition the patient started to develop hypertension requiring four antihypertensive medications. After optimizing peritoneal dialysis to avoid fluid overload and discontinuation of sodium chloride the antihypertensives were discontinued, but hyponatremia with hypotensive episodes reoccurred. Sodium chloride was reintroduced resulting in recurrent salt-dependent hypertension. Conclusions Our case report illustrates an unusual course of blood pressure changes following bilateral nephrectomies in an infant with ARPKD and the particular importance of tight regulation of sodium chloride supplementation. The case adds to the scarce literature about clinical sequences of bilateral nephrectomies in infants, and as well highlights the challenge of managing blood pressure in these patients. Further research on the mechanisms and management of blood pressure control is clearly needed.
The aim of this study is to evaluate the usefulness of microureteroscopy (m-URS) in the treatment of renal and ureteral stones in children younger than 3 years of age. A retrospective analysis of pediatric patients aged < 3 years with upper urinary tract calculi who underwent lithotripsy was performed. The children were divided into the m-URS group (4.85 F, n  = 41) and the ureteroscopy (URS) group (4.5/6.5 F, n  = 42) according to the type of ureteroscope used. The mean age of the patients was 23.5 ± 10.7 months in the m-URS group and 20.6 ± 7.1 months in the URS group ( P  = 0.212). The success rate of one-stage surgery was 80.5% (33/41) for m-URS and 38.1% (16/42) for URS ( P  < 0.001). The success rates of m-URS were 60.0%, 69.2%, and 91.3% for stones located in the renal pelvis/calix, upper ureter, and mid-lower ureter, respectively. Eight children in the m-URS group and 26 children in the URS group underwent the second-stage ureteroscopic surgery. The mean operation time was 50 (30–60) min in the m-URS group and 40 (34–60) min in the URS group ( P  = 0.287). The complication rates were 4.9% and 7.1% in the m-URS and URS groups, respectively ( P  = 1.000). The stone-free rate at 1 month after lithotripsy was 87.8% in the m-URS group and 83.3% in the URS group ( P  = 0.563). The mean anesthesia session was 2.1 in the m-URS group and 2.5 in the URS group ( P  = 0.002). M-URS can effectively reduce the number of anesthesia sessions and is considered an alternative treatment for upper urinary tract calculi in selected pediatric patients younger than 3 years of age.
Objectives The aim of this study was to investigate the association between serum biomarkers and oral health parameters in children with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Materials and methods Serum hemoglobin, blood urea nitrogen, serum creatinine, calcium, parathormone, magnesium, and phosphorus levels were measured in 62 children with CKD aged between 4 and 17 years. Intraoral examinations of the patients were performed by two different pediatric dentists. Dental caries was assessed using the decayed-missing-filled-teeth (DMFT/dmft) indexes, and oral hygiene was assessed using the debris (DI), calculus (CI), and simplified oral hygiene (OHI-S) indexes. Spearman’s rho coefficient and generalized linear modeling were used to examine the association between serum biomarkers and oral health parameters. Results The results of the study showed that there were negative and statistically significant correlations between serum hemoglobin and creatinine levels and dmft scores in pediatric patients with CKD (p = 0.021 and p = 0.019, respectively). Furthermore, blood urea nitrogen levels and DI and OHI-S scores (p = 0.047 and p = 0.050, respectively); serum creatinine levels and DI, CI, and OHI-S scores (p = 0.005, p = 0.047, p = 0.043, respectively); and parathormone levels and CI and OHI-S scores (p = 0.001 and p = 0.017, respectively) were found to be positively and statistically significantly related. Conclusions There are associations between various serum biomarker levels and dental caries and oral hygiene parameters in pediatric patients with CKD. Clinical relevance The impact of changes in serum biomarkers on oral and dental health is important for dentists’ and medical professionals' approaches to patients' oral and systemic health.
Background The Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS®) has the potential to harmonize the measurement of health-related quality of life (HRQL) across medical conditions. We evaluated responsiveness and minimal important change (MIC) of seven Dutch-Flemish PROMIS computerized adaptive tests (CAT) in Dutch patients with advanced chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods CKD patients (eGFR < 30 ml/min.1.73m^2) completed at baseline and after 6 months seven PROMIS CATs (assessing physical function, pain interference, fatigue, sleep disturbance, anxiety, depression, and ability to participate in social roles and activities), Short Form Health Survey 12 (SF-12), PROMIS Pain Intensity single item, Dialysis Symptom Index (DSI), and Global Rating Scales (GRS) of change. Responsiveness was assessed by testing predefined hypotheses about expected correlations among measures, area under the ROC Curve, and effect sizes. MIC was determined with predictive modelling. Results 207 patients were included; 186 (90%) completed the follow-up. Most results were in accordance with expectations (70–91% of hypotheses confirmed), with some exceptions for PROMIS Anxiety and Ability to Participate (60% and 42% of hypotheses confirmed, respectively). For PROMIS Anxiety and Depression correlations with the GRS were too low (0.04 and 0.20, respectively) to calculate a MIC. MIC values, representing minimal important deterioration, ranged from 0.4 to 2.5 T-score points for the other domains. Conclusion We found sufficient responsiveness of PROMIS CATs Physical Function, Fatigue, Sleep Disturbance, and Depression. The results for PROMIS CATs Pain Interference were almost sufficient, but some results for Anxiety and Ability to Participate in Social Roles and Activities were not as expected. Reported MIC values should be interpreted with caution because most patients did not change.
Background As a novel antineoplastic drug, immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) are associated with a spectrum of autoimmune-related side effects, including acute kidney injury (AKI). Understanding the risk factors for immune-associated acute kidney injury will inform future symptom management measures to reduce this risk. This study aims to identify the risk factors for ICIs-AKI in cancer patients through a systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods The systematic search was conducted in The Cochrane Library, Pubmed, Embase, Web of Science, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), Wanfang Data, and VIP Database. The related studies published since the establishment of the database to Aug 22, 2022, were screened, data was extracted following the inclusion and exclusion criteria, and the quality of the selected studies was assessed by Newcastle–Ottawa Scale (NOS). The above was performed independently by the two reviewers. The estimated pooled odds ratios (ORs) for risk factors of developing ICIs-AKI were conducted by random-effects meta-analysis. Results A total of 8 publications, including 5267 patients, were included. Meta-analysis results showed that extrarenal immune-related adverse events (irAEs), therapy with the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 (CTLA-4), male, hypertension, pre-existent use of a diuretic, and a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) were significantly correlated to ICIs-AKI. Conclusions We identified extrarenal irAEs, CTLA-4 treatments, males, hypertension, previous use of diuretics, and PPIs are essential predictors of ICIs-AKI. These findings are helpful for healthcare providers to monitor ICIs-AKI for management and timely interventions.
Background End-stage renal disease (ESRD) is serious global public health challenge in many developing countries. Treatment of ESRD is carried out through renal replacement therapy like peritoneal dialysis (PD). Depression is the most common mood disorder which has a strong impact on the quality of life in patients with ESRD. Little is known about the prevalence and risk factors of depression in peritoneal dialysis patients. Method and materials A multicenter cross-sectional study was conducted on 164 adult ESRD patients undergoing peritoneal dialysis for at least three months who referred to the peritoneal dialysis centers of Al-Zahra, Noor & Ali Asghar hospitals, Isfahan, Iran from May to August 2019. Beck Depression Inventory Second Edition questionnaire was used to measure the symptoms of depression and its severity. Results 43.5% of patients had some levels of depression. Assessing the association of depression with demographic and PD-related factors showed that there was no significant difference regarding age, BMI, dialysis adequacy and residual kidney function, dialysis frequency, type of dialysis solution used, disease duration, and age at the start of dialysis. Ordinal logistics regression analysis showed significant association between depression severity categories and gender (OR = 0.397, CI: 0.160–0.985, p  = 0.046), marital status (OR = 2.983, CI: 1.180–7.541, p  = 0.021), having a separate room for dialysis (OR = 2.511, CI: 1.108–5.692, p  = 0.027). Conclusion As our findings have revealed 43.5% of our participants suffered from mild-to-severe depression, we suggest careful attention and routine evaluation for depression in PD patients, especially women and single patients and those who have low socioeconomic status.
Purpose The value of monoclonal protein (M-protein) in antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis (AAV) patients with renal involvement has not been investigated. Methods We analyzed AAV patients with renal involvement from 2013 to 2019 in our center. Patients with immunofixation electrophoresis were divided into M-protein positive group and M-protein negative group. The clinicopathological features and outcomes of the two groups were compared. Results Ninety-one AAV patients with renal involvement were enrolled for analysis, and 16 patients (17.6%) had a positive test for M-protein. Compared with M-protein negative patients, M-protein positive patients had lower hemoglobin (77.6 vs 88.4 g/L, p  = 0.016), mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (313 vs 323 g/L, p  = 0.002),serum albumin (29.4 vs 32.5 g/L, p  = 0.026) and complement 3 (C3) (0.66 vs 0.81 g/L, p  = 0.047), while higher platelets (252 vs 201 10^9/L, p  = 0.048) and incidence of pulmonary infection (62.5% vs 33.3%, p  = 0.029). However, renal pathological features between the two groups had no significant difference. In addition, during a median follow-up of 33 months, Kaplan–Meier survival analysis showed that, compared with M-protein negative patients, M-protein positive patients had a higher risk of all-cause mortality (log-rank test, p  = 0.028), especially for patients who were not dialysis-dependent at the time of admission (log-rank test, p  = 0.012). Conclusion Our results indicate that M-protein is associated with different clinicopathological features and increased all-cause mortality in AAV patients with renal involvement. Testing M-protein and rigorous diagnosing of the significance of the presence of M-protein may be helpful for assessing the survival of AAV patients with renal involvement.
A 42-year-old man showed marked hypokalemia after kidney transplantation. He was diagnosed with hypertension and suffered from acute myocardial infarction at 33 and 38 years of age. At 40 years of age, hemodialysis was introduced. A left adrenal tumor was noted and suspected as a non-functional adrenal adenoma at that time. Therefore, he received a living-donor kidney transplant at 42 years of age. After kidney transplantation, the serum creatinine level dropped. His blood pressure remained high, and the serum potassium level decreased. The PRA and PAC were elevated, and ARR was not elevated. Based on the results of various confirmatory tests and vein sampling, he was diagnosed with excessive secretion of renin from the native kidneys that was complicated by primary aldosteronism (PA), and left nephrectomy and adrenalectomy were performed. The overproduction of aldosterone in the resected adrenal adenoma and over secretion of renin in the kidney with arteriolosclerosis were immunohistologically confirmed. After surgery, the PAC decreased, but the PRA did not decrease. The postoperative serum potassium level improved, and the blood pressure was well controlled with a small dose of medication. This is the first reported case of PA with hyperreninemia after kidney transplantation. It should be noted that PA in dialysis patients and kidney transplant recipients may not fulfill the usual diagnostic criteria of an elevated ARR. In such patients, PA should be suspected based on the absolute value of the PAC and responsiveness to ACTH stimulation, and adrenal and renal vein sampling is required for a definitive diagnosis.
Background Ferroptosis, which is characterized by lipid peroxidation and iron accumulation, is closely associated with the pathogenesis of acute renal injury (AKI). Cyanidin-3-glucoside (C3G), a typical flavonoid that has anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects on ischemia‒reperfusion (I/R) injury, can induce AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation. This study aimed to show that C3G exerts nephroprotective effects against I/R-AKI related ferroptosis by regulating the AMPK pathway. Methods Hypoxia/reoxygenation (H/R)-induced HK-2 cells and I/R-AKI mice were treated with C3G with or without inhibiting AMPK. The level of intracellular free iron, the expression of the ferroptosis-related proteins acyl-CoA synthetase long chain family member 4 (ACSL4) and glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4), and the levels of the lipid peroxidation markers 4-hydroxynonenal (4-HNE), lipid reactive oxygen species (ROS) and malondialdehyde (MDA) were examined. Results We observed the inhibitory effect of C3G on ferroptosis in vitro and in vivo, which was characterized by the reversion of excessive intracellular free iron accumulation, a decrease in 4-HNE, lipid ROS, MDA levels and ACSL4 expression, and an increase in GPX4 expression and glutathione (GSH) levels. Notably, the inhibition of AMPK by CC significantly abrogated the nephroprotective effect of C3G on I/R-AKI models in vivo and in vitro. Conclusion Our results provide new insight into the nephroprotective effect of C3G on acute I/R-AKI by inhibiting ferroptosis by activating the AMPK pathway.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is associated with increased morbidity and mortality in critically ill patients. Olfactomedin 4 (OLFM4), a secreted glycoprotein expressed in neutrophils and stressed epithelial cells, is upregulated in loop of Henle (LOH) cells following AKI. We hypothesized that urine OLFM4 (uOLFM4) will increase in patients with AKI and may predict furosemide responsiveness. Methods Urine from critically ill children was collected prospectively and tested for uOLFM4 concentrations with a Luminex immunoassay. Severe AKI was defined by KDIGO (stage 2/3) serum creatinine criteria. Furosemide responsiveness was defined as > 3 mL/kg/h of urine output in the 4 h after a 1 mg/kg IV furosemide dose administered as part of standard of care. Results Fifty-seven patients contributed 178 urine samples. Irrespective of sepsis status or AKI cause, uOLFM4 concentrations were higher in patients with AKI (221 ng/mL [IQR 93–425] vs. 36 ng/mL [IQR 15–115], p  = 0.007). uOLFM4 concentrations were higher in patients unresponsive to furosemide (230 ng/mL [IQR 102–534] vs. 42 ng/mL [IQR 21–161], p  = 0.04). Area under the receiver operating curve for association with furosemide responsiveness was 0.75 (95% CI, 0.60–0.90). Conclusions AKI is associated with increased uOLFM4. Higher uOLFM4 is associated with a lack of response to furosemide. Further testing is warranted to determine whether uOLFM4 could identify patients most likely to benefit from earlier escalation from diuretics to kidney replacement therapy to maintain fluid balance. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Hemodynamic instability in patients undergoing kidney replacement therapy (KRT) is one of the most common and essential factors influencing mortality, morbidity, and the quality of life in this patient population. Method Decreased cardiac preload, reduced systemic vascular resistance, redistribution of fluids, fluid overload, inflammatory factors, and changes in plasma osmolality have all been implicated in the pathophysiology of hemodynamic instability associated with KRT. Result A cascade of these detrimental mechanisms may ultimately cause intra-dialytic hypotension, reduced tissue perfusion, and impaired kidney rehabilitation. Multiple parameters, including dialysate composition, temperature, posture during dialysis sessions, physical activity, fluid administrations, dialysis timing, and specific pharmacologic agents, have been studied as possible management modalities. Nevertheless, a clear consensus is not reached. Conclusion This review includes a thorough investigation of the literature on hemodynamic instability in KRT patients, providing insight on interventions that may potentially minimize factors leading to hemodynamic instability.
Background There is scarce information on biopsy-verified kidney disease in childhood and its progression to chronic kidney disease stage 5 (CKD 5). This study aims to review biopsy findings in children, and to investigate risk of kidney replacement therapy (KRT). Methods We conducted a retrospective long-term follow-up study of children included in the Norwegian Kidney Biopsy Registry (NKBR) and in the Norwegian Renal Registry (NRR) from 1988 to 2021. Results In total, 575 children with a median (interquartile range, IQR) age of 10.7 (6.1 to 14.1) years were included, and median follow-up time (IQR) after kidney biopsy was 14.3 (range 8.9 to 21.6) years. The most common biopsy diagnoses were minimal change disease (MCD; n  = 92), IgA vasculitis nephritis (IgAVN; n  = 76), IgA nephropathy ( n  = 63), and focal and segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS; n  = 47). In total, 118 (20.5%) of the biopsied children reached CKD 5, median (IQR) time to KRT 2.3 years (7 months to 8.4 years). Most frequently, nephronophthisis (NPHP; n  = 16), FSGS ( n  = 30), IgA nephropathy ( n  = 9), and membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis (MPGN; n  = 9) led to KRT. Conclusions The risk of KRT after a kidney biopsy diagnosis is highly dependent on the diagnosis. None of the children with MCD commenced KRT, while 63.8% with FSGS and 100% with NPHP reached KRT. Combining data from kidney biopsy registries with registries on KRT allows for detailed information concerning the risk for later CKD 5 after biopsy-verified kidney disease in childhood. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Severe congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) progress to infantile kidney failure with replacement therapy (KFRT). Although prompt and precise prediction of kidney outcomes is important, early predictive factors for its progression remain incompletely defined. Methods This retrospective cohort study included patients with CAKUT treated at 12 centers between 2009 and 2020. Patients with a maximum serum creatinine level ≤ 1.0 mg/dL during the first 3 days, patients who died of respiratory failure during the neonatal period, patients who progressed to KFRT within the first 3 days, and patients lacking sufficient data were excluded. Results Of 2187 patients with CAKUT, 92 were finally analyzed. Twenty-five patients (27%) progressed to KFRT and 24 (26%) had stage 3–5 chronic kidney disease without replacement therapy during the median observation period of 52.0 (interquartile range, 22.0–87.8) months. Among these, 22 (24%) progressed to infantile KFRT. The kidney survival rate during the infantile period was significantly lower in patients with a maximum serum creatinine level during the first 3 days (Cr-day3-max) ≥ 2.5 mg/dL (21.8%) compared with those with a Cr-day3-max < 2.5 mg/dL (95.2%) (log-rank, P  < 0.001). Multivariate analysis demonstrated Cr-day3-max ( P  < 0.001) and oligohydramnios ( P  = 0.025) were associated with higher risk of infantile KFRT. Eighty-two patients (89%) were alive at the last follow-up. Conclusions Neonatal kidney function, including Cr-day3-max, was associated with kidney outcomes in patients with severe CAKUT. Aggressive therapy for severe CAKUT may have good long-term life outcomes through infantile dialysis and kidney transplantation. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Objectives To predict kidney fibrosis in patients with chronic kidney disease using radiomics of two-dimensional ultrasound (B-mode) and Sound Touch Elastography (STE) images in combination with clinical features. Methods The Mindray Resona 7 ultrasonic diagnostic apparatus with SC5-1U convex array probe (bandwidth frequency of 1–5 MHz) was used to perform two-dimensional ultrasound and STE software. The severity of cortical tubulointerstitial fibrosis was divided into three grades: mild interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy (IFTA), fibrotic area < 25%; moderate IFTA, fibrotic area 26–50%; and severe IFTA, fibrotic area > 50%. After extracting radiomics from B-mode and STE images in these patients, we analyzed two classification schemes: mild versus moderate-to-severe IFTA, and mild-to-moderate versus severe IFTA. A nomogram was constructed based on multiple logistic regression analyses, combining clinical and radiomics. The performance of the nomogram for differentiation was evaluated using receiver operating characteristic (ROC), calibration, and decision curves. Results A total of 150 patients undergoing kidney biopsy were enrolled (mild IFTA: n = 74; moderate IFTA: n = 33; severe IFTA: n = 43) and randomized into training ( n = 105) and validation cohorts ( n = 45). To differentiate between mild and moderate-to-severe IFTA, a nomogram incorporating STE radiomics, albumin, and estimated glomerular filtration (eGFR) rate achieved an area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.91 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.85–0.97) and 0.85 (95% CI: 0.77–0.98) in the training and validation cohorts, respectively. Between mild-to-moderate and severe IFTA, the nomogram incorporating B-mode and STE radiomics features, age, and eGFR achieved an AUC of 0.93 (95% CI: 0.89–0.98) and 0.83 (95% CI: 0.70–0.95) in the training and validation cohorts, respectively. Finally, we performed a decision curve analysis and found that the nomogram using both radiomics and clinical features exhibited better predictability than any other model (DeLong test, p < 0.05 for the training and validation cohorts). Conclusion A nomogram based on two-dimensional ultrasound and STE radiomics and clinical features served as a non-invasive tool capable of differentiating kidney fibrosis of different severities. Key Points • Radiomics calculated based on the ultrasound imaging may be used to predict the severities of kidney fibrosis. • Radiomics may be used to identify clinical features associated with the progression of tubulointerstitial fibrosis in patients with CKD. • Non-invasive ultrasound imaging-based radiomics method with accuracy aids in detecting renal fibrosis with different IFTA severities.
Purpose of Review With the advent of antiretroviral therapy, HIV infection has become a chronic disease in developed countries. Recent Findings Non-HIV-driven risk factors for kidney disease, such as APOL1 risk variants and other genetic and environmental factors, have been discovered and are better described. Consequently, the field of HIV-associated kidney disease has evolved with greater attention given to traditional risk factors of CKD and antiretroviral treatment’s nephrotoxicity. Summary In this review, we explore risk factors of HIV-associated kidney disease, diagnostic tools, kidney pathology in HIV-positive individuals, and antiretroviral therapy-associated nephrotoxicity.
Background Idiopathic infantile hypercalcemia (IIH) etiologies include pathogenic variants in CYP24A1 , leading to increased 1,25(OH)_2 D, hypercalciuria and suppressed parathyroid hormone (PTH), and in SLC34A1 and SLC34A3 , leading to the same metabolic profile via increased phosphaturia. IIH has not been previously described in CKD due to kidney hypodysplasia (KHD). Methods Retrospective study of children with bilateral KHD and simultaneously tested PTH and 1,25(OH)_2D, followed in a tertiary care center between 2015 and 2021. Results Of 295 screened patients, 139 had KHD, of them 16 (11.5%) had IIH (study group), 26 with normal PTH and any 1,25(OH)_2D were controls. There were no differences between groups’ gender, obstructive uropathy rate and baseline eGFR. Study patients were younger [median (IQR) age: 5.2 (3.2–11.3) vs. 61 (13.9–158.3) months, p  < 0.001], had higher 1,25(OH)_2D (259.1 ± 91.7 vs. 156.5 ± 46.4 pmol/l, p  < 0.001), total calcium (11.1 ± 0.4 vs. 10.7 ± 0.3 mg/dl, p  < 0.001), and lower phosphate standard deviation score (P-SDS) [median (IQR): − 1.4 (− 1.9, − 0.4) vs. − 0.3 (− 0.8, − 0.1), p  = 0.03]. During 12 months of follow-up, PTH increased among the study group (8.8 ± 2.8 to 22.7 ± 12.4 pg/ml, p  < 0.001), calcium decreased (11 ± 0.5 to 10.3 ± 0.6 mg/dl, p  = 0.004), 1,25(OH)_2D decreased (259.5 ± 91.7 to 188.2 ± 42.6 pmol/l, p  = 0.1), P-SDS increased [median (IQR): − 1.4 (− 1.9, − 0.4) vs. − 0.3 (− 0.9, 0.4), p  = 0.04], while eGFR increased. Five of 9 study group patients with available urine calcium had hypercalciuria. Five patients had nephrocalcinosis/lithiasis. Genetic analysis for pathogenic variants in CYP24A1 , SLC34A1 and SLC34A3 had not been performed. Conclusions Transient IIH was observed in infants with KHD, in association with hypophosphatemia, resembling SLC34A1 and SLC34A3 pathogenic variants’ metabolic profile. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose In selected ADPKD patients, a nephrectomy is required in the work-up for a kidney transplantation. Because the impact of this procedure is unknown, we investigated the effect of pre-transplantation nephrectomy on quality of life in this group. Methods In this retrospective cohort study all ADPKD patients, ≥ 18 years, who received a kidney transplantation in 2 ADPKD expertise centers between January 2000 and January 2016, were asked to participate. Quality of life was assessed using three validated questionnaires on three time points. Nephrectomy was performed in preparation for transplantation. Results Two hundred seventy-six ADPKD patients (53 ± 9 years, 56.2% male) were included. 98 patients (35.5%) underwent native nephrectomy in preparation for transplantation, of which 43 underwent bilateral nephrectomy. Pre-transplantation, ADPKD-IS scores were worse in the nephrectomy group vs. no-nephrectomy group (physical: 2.9 vs. 2.3, p  < 0.001; emotional: 2.0 vs. 1.8, p  = 0.03; fatigue: 3.0 vs. 2.3, p  = 0.01). Post-transplantation and post-nephrectomy, ADPKD-IS scores improved significantly in both groups, with a significantly higher improvement in the nephrectomy group. During follow-up, all scores were still better compared to pre-transplantation. Observed physical QoL (ADPKD-IS physical 1.3 vs. 1.7, p  = 0.04; SF-36 physical 50.0 vs. 41.3, p  = 0.03) was better post-transplantation after bilateral nephrectomy compared to unilateral nephrectomy. In retrospect, 19.7% of patients would have liked to undergo a nephrectomy, while the decision not to perform nephrectomy was made by the treating physician. Conclusion This study shows that pre-transplantation nephrectomy improves quality of life in selected ADPKD patients. Bilateral nephrectomy may be preferred, although the risk of additional complications should be weighted.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) remains common among infants with hypothermia-treated hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy (HIE). Little is known about long-term kidney outcomes following hypothermia treatment. We recently reported that 21% of survivors of hypothermia-treated HIE had decreased estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) based on plasma creatinine in early adolescence. Here, we assessed kidney functions more comprehensively in our population-based cohort of children born in Stockholm 2007–2009 with a history of hypothermia-treated HIE. Methods At 10–12 years of age, we measured cystatin C (cyst C) to estimate GFR. Children with decreased cyst C eGFR also underwent iohexol clearance examination. We measured urine-albumin/creatinine ratio, blood pressure (BP) and kidney volume on magnetic resonance imaging. Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF 23) levels in plasma were assessed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Outcomes were compared between children with and without a history of neonatal AKI. Results Forty-seven children participated in the assessment. Two children (2/42) had decreased cyst C eGFR, for one of whom iohexol clearance confirmed mildly decreased GFR. One child (1/43) had Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) category A2 albuminuria, and three (3/45) had elevated office BP. Subsequent ambulatory 24-h BP measurement confirmed high normal BP in one case only. No child had hypertension. Kidney volume and FGF 23 levels were normal in all children. There was no difference in any of the parameters between children with and without a history of neonatal AKI. Conclusion Renal sequelae were rare in early adolescence following hypothermia-treated HIE regardless of presence or absence of neonatal AKI. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background The Kidney Donor Risk Index (KDRI) by Rao et al. was developed to measure the quality of kidney allografts. While Rao’s KDRI has been found to be a robust measure of kidney allograft survival for adult kidney transplant recipients, many studies have indicated the need to create a distinct pediatric KDRI. Methods Our retrospective study utilized data from the United Network for Organ Sharing database. We examined 9295 deceased donor recipients’ data for age < 18 years from 1990 to 2020. We performed a multivariate Cox regression to determine the significant recipient and transplant factors impacting pediatric kidney allograft survival. Results Multivariate analysis found 5 donor factors to be independently associated with graft failure or recipient death: age, female sex, anoxia as the cause of death, history of cigarette use, and cold ischemia time. Using receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and analyzing the predictive value of each KDRI at 1, 5, and 10 years, the proposed pediatric KDRI had a statistically significant and higher predictive value for pediatric recipients at 5 (0.60 versus 0.57) and 10 years (0.61 versus 0.57) than the Rao KDRI. Conclusions The proposed pediatric KDRI may provide a more accurate and simpler index to assess the quality of kidney allografts for pediatric recipients. However, due to the mild increase in predictive capabilities over the Rao index, the study serves as a proof of concept to develop a pediatric KDRI. Further studies should focus on increasing the index’s predictive capabilities. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Kidney size evaluation is an essential examination in pediatric nephrology. While body length/height is the best predictor of kidney length, age-based and body surface area (BSA)–based normative values may be useful in clinical practice or research. This study aimed to establish ultrasound-based kidney length lambda-mu-sigma (LMS) percentiles by age and BSA in healthy children. Methods In 1758 Polish and Lithuanian children (868 boys, 49%) aged 0–19 years, kidney length was measured using ultrasonography. In all participants, anthropometric measurements were taken and kidney function was evaluated based on serum creatinine concentration. Participants with chronic or kidney diseases, abnormal kidney function, or pathologies in sonographic examination were excluded from the analysis. Results Kidney length (median kidney length) increased progressively from infancy to the age of 18 years, from 60.1 to 114.2 mm in males, and from 57.3 to 105.2 mm in females. A gradual increase of kidney length (50^th percentile) in relation to BSA (from 46.1 mm in infants with a BSA of 0–1.2 m^2 to 118.3 mm in adolescents with a BSA of 2.6–2.8 m^2) was also observed. LMS percentiles by age (stratified by sex) and BSA were determined and presented as graphs and tables of percentiles and LMS parameters by 1-year age intervals and 0.2 m^2 of BSA, respectively. Conclusions We present the first age- and BSA-based kidney length LMS normative values based on the largest pediatric cohort to date, which can be used in both clinical practice and research studies. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Vibrational spectroscopic techniques like confocal Raman micro-spectroscopy have immense potential in the field of nutrition science for the rapid and non-destructive analysis of feed involving minimal sample preparation steps. The study describes the applicability of confocal micro-Raman spectroscopy for the profiling of multiple nutrient components of kidney beans non-destructively, simultaneously, rapidly without sample pre-processing. The analysis of acquired Raman spectrum of the kidney beans shows the fingerprints of carbohydrates, cell wall polysaccharides and proteins. The spectral features and nutrients profile obtained are advantageous for nutritionists and scientists for tackling malnutrition and maintaining healthy nutrient-rich diet.
Background Paxlovid (nirmatrelvir/ritonavir) is a novel drug available under emergency use authorization by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of COVID-19 infection. Tacrolimus, a calcineurin inhibitor, is commonly used as an immunosuppressant medication in children with kidney transplants. While tacrolimus is metabolized by the cytochrome P450 system (CYP3A4), ritonavir is a potent CYP3A4 inhibitor. There is a paucity of data regarding the drug-drug interaction between nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and tacrolimus in children with kidney transplants. Case-Diagnosis/Treatment This is a case report of a 14-year-old female with a history of a kidney transplant, maintained on tacrolimus and prednisone, who starts nirmatrelvir/ritonavir for a COVID-19 infection. She subsequently develops supratherapeutic tacrolimus levels and an increase in serum creatinine. Her tacrolimus was held, and the nirmatrelvir/ritonavir was stopped. Over time, her kidney function returned to baseline, her tacrolimus levels returned to the therapeutic goal, and her tacrolimus was resumed. Conclusions Our case report highlights the strong interaction with concomitant use of tacrolimus and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in a pediatric kidney transplant recipient and the development of supratherapeutic tacrolimus levels. Providers should therefore be cautious when prescribing nirmatrelvir/ritonavir to a pediatric patient currently on tacrolimus.
Guidelines recommend initiating supplemental enteral feeding through a nasogastric (NG) or gastrostomy tube (G-tube) in patients with chronic kidney disease who have inadequate oral intake despite repeated nutritional counseling. While G-tube placement is shown to improve both nutritional status and anthropometric indices of children with CKD in developed regions, information from developing countries is lacking. This retrospective report reviewed the impact of G-tube feeding on nutritional intakes and anthropometric parameters over a 1-y follow-up in 5 children with CKD-5D managed at one tertiary care center in India. Gastrostomy feeding facilitated significant increments in caloric and protein intake and was easy and safe. However, G-tube feeding led to additional expenses, and the changes in growth parameters were variable in the short term. A longer follow-up appears necessary to understand its impact on wasting, growth velocity, and stature.
Abstract— The cellular composition of leukocytes in the peripheral blood, head kidney and spleen was studied in individuals of three species of chars of the genus Salvelinus , white char S. albus , long–headed char S. kronocius and long-nosed char S. schmidti , as well as two forms, small-mouth and large-mouth chars living in Lake Kronotskoe . In the studied individuals, the proportion of lymphocytes of leukocytes in the peripheral blood was significant. The forms (species) of chars differed in the proportion of cell types, the size of leukocytes, as well as the intensity of leukopoiesis. The most significant differences in the proportion of different forms of leukocytes were found in the large-mouth char compared to other species and small–mouth char: high content of lymphocytes in blood smears, low content of monocytes in all tissues and organs, blast forms in the blood and neutrophils in the pronephros.
Background Evidence about remdesivir-associated acute kidney injury (AKI) among patients with novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) was controversial. Aim To investigate the signal of disproportionate reporting of remdesivir-related AKI in COVID-19 patients over time with data from US Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System. Method Adverse events in COVID-19 patients reported between April 2020 and September 2022 were included. Reporting odds ratios (RORs) of AKI and renal disorders (a more sensitive definition for AKI) were estimated to compare remdesivir with other medications prescribed in comparable situations of COVID-19. Results During the entire study period, significant signals were identified for remdesivir-related AKI (ROR 2.00, 95% CI: 1.83–2.18) and renal disorder (ROR 2.35, 95% CI: 2.17–2.54) when compared to all comparable drugs. However, in the third quarter of 2022 (the most recent quarter) signals disappeared as the ROR of AKI was 1.50 (95% CI 0.91–2.45) and ROR of renal disorder was 1.69 (95% CI 1.06–2.70). Number of signals in sensitivity analyses and the proportion of AKI in remdesivir-associated events decreased over time. Conclusion In COVID-19 patients, we observed diminishing signals of remdesivir-associated AKI over time and no significant signal in the most recent quarter, suggesting remdesivir might not be nephrotoxic.
The incidence of urolithiasis in children has increased over the two last decades. Urolithiasis formation results from urine oversaturation following insufficient water intake, urinary obstruction (notably in cases of congenital uropathies), excess production of an insoluble compound, or imbalance between crystallization promoters and inhibitors. Whereas most urolithiases in adults occur secondary to environmental factors, in children, secondary causes are far more frequent, and 15% are related to genetic causes, most often monogenic. This is especially true in recurrent forms, with early and rapid progression and bilateral stones, and in cases of familial history or consanguinity. Because of differing clinical management, one should rule out cystinuria, primary hyperoxaluria and renal tubular acidosis, among other causes of urolithiasis. As such, a complete biochemical evaluation must be performed in all cases of pediatric urolithiasis, even in cases of an underlying uropathy. Ultrasound examination is the first-line modality for imaging pediatric urolithiasis, allowing both diagnosis (urolithiasis and its complications) and follow-up. US examination should also explore clues to an underlying cause of urolithiasis. This review is focused on the role of imaging in the management and etiological assessment of pediatric urolithiasis. Radiologists play an important role in pediatric urolithiasis, facilitating diagnosis, follow-up and surgical management. A trio of clinicians (pediatric nephrologist, pediatric surgeon, pediatric radiologist) is thus necessary in the care of these pediatric patients.
Partial nephrectomy (PN) is the gold standard surgical treatment for localized kidney cancer. The objective of our study was to compare clinical and perioperative outcomes of open partial nephrectomy (OPN) and robotic-assisted partial nephrectomy (RAPN). We retrospectively collected all patients who underwent PN for kidney cancer between 2007 and 2019 at two French academic urology departments. Clinical and perioperative outcomes and complications were compared between the OPN group and the RAPN group. Recurrence-free survival (RFS) and overall survival (OS) were compared using the log-rank test. We included 405 patients. The maximum follow-up time was 13.6 years in the OPN group and 7.1 years in the RAPN group. The OPN group was associated with more blood loss and longer hospital stay (respectively, 287 ml vs. 62.1 ml; p  < 0.001 and 8.54 days vs. 4.96 days; p  < 0.001). Ischemia time was shorter in the OPN group (11.4 min vs. 16.9 min; p  < 0.001). The rate of complications during hospitalization and after discharge from hospital was higher in the OPN group (respectively, n  = 51 vs. 30; p  = 0.031 and n  = 31 vs. 14; p  < 0.001). RFS and OS were similar in both groups. In our study, RAPN has better perioperative outcomes with shorter hospital stay and less blood loss but also fewer early and late complications. However, we did not find any difference in terms of RFS and OS.
Background Icodextrin has a lower absorption rate, and icodextrin peritoneal dialysate contributes to more water removal than glucose dialysate in patients with high peritoneal permeability. There are limited data on icodextrin dialysate use in children. Methods This study included all pediatric patients who received peritoneal equilibration tests and peritoneal dialysis with icodextrin dialysate at the study center. The factors related to ultrafiltration volume with icodextrin dialysate with long dwell time were statistically analyzed. Then the ultrafiltration volume with icodextrin and medium-concentration glucose dialysate was compared in individual cycles in the same patients. Results Thirty-six samples were included in the icodextrin group, and nine samples were used to compare the ultrafiltration volume with icodextrin and glucose dialysate. Dwell time, D/P-creatinine, D/D_0-glucose, age, height, and weight correlated significantly with the ultrafiltration volume of icodextrin dialysate ( p  < 0.05). A dwell volume equal to or more than 550 mL/m^2 was associated with a significantly higher ultrafiltration volume than a lower dwell volume ( p  = 0.039). Multiple regression analysis revealed that dwell time ( p  = 0.038) and height ( p  < 0.01) correlated with ultrafiltration volume significantly. In addition, the ultrafiltration volume was superior ( p  < 0.01), and dwell time was longer ( p  = 0.02), with icodextrin dialysate than with medium-concentration glucose dialysate. Conclusions The ultrafiltration volume with icodextrin dialysate decreases in patients with small stature. Providing sufficient dwell time and volume is important for maximal water removal even in children. Ultrafiltration volume is superior with icodextrin than medium-concentration glucose dialysate for long dwell times. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Aims To explore the predictive value of ferroptosis-related (FR) biomarkers for diabetic kidney disease (DKD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods This prospective observational study enrolled patients with T2DM at the Second Hospital of Jilin University between December 2021 and March 2022. DKD was measured by the urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio. Receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analysis was performed to assess the predictive value of ferroptosis-related biomarkers for DKD.The risk factors for massive proteinuria were performed by multivariable logistic regression analysis. Results Finally, 118 patients (53.0 ± 12.2 years, 76 males) were enrolled, 52 of them without DKD (had normal proteinuria), while 66 with DKD. (Forty-one had microproteinuria, and 25 had massive proteinuria.) FR biomarkers, including acyl-CoA synthase long chain family member 4 (ACSL4), malondialdehyde (MDA), and reactive oxygen species (ROS), were significantly higher in the massive proteinuria group than in the other groups, while glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) was significantly lower (all P < 0.05). The area under the ROC of the combination of GPX4, ACSL4, MDA, and ROS for predicting DKD was 0.804 (P < 0.001). Additionally, multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that the course of disease and ferritin levels were independent risk factors for massive proteinuria, while high serum iron, transferrin, and GPX4 levels were independent protective factors for massive proteinuria in patients with T2DM (all P < 0.05). Conclusions The GPX4, ACSL4, MDA, and ROS combination might have a good predictive value for DKD. Additionally, the course of disease, ferritin levels, serum iron, transferrin, and GPX4 were independently associated with massive proteinuria.
Purpose To compare the efficacy and safety of optical puncture combined with standard percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PNL) and conventional PNL for the treatment of patients with complex kidney stones with no or mild hydronephrosis. Methods We retrospectively reviewed the data on patients with complex kidney stones treated by PNL in our hospital between May 2019 and February 2022. The patients were divided into two groups according to the puncture techniques applied. In the optical puncture group, 40 patients underwent optical puncture combined with standard PNL. In the control group, 44 patients underwent conventional standard PNL. The demographics and perioperative parameters were analyzed between the two groups. Results There mean puncture durations were significantly shorter in the optical puncture group (8.2 ± 2.16 min) than in the control group (14.0 ± 6.76 min) ( P  = 0.001). The re-puncture rates were lower in the optical puncture group (5%) compared with the control group (20.5%) ( P  = 0.036). The access loss rate in the optical puncture group (2.5%) was significantly lower than that in the control group (11.36%) ( P  = 0.037). The mean hemoglobin drop was significantly lower in the optical puncture group (12.6 ± 5.36 g/L) compared with the control group (22.3 ± 11.61 g/L) ( P  = 0.001). The mean hospital stay was significantly shorter in the optical puncture group (3.9 ± 1.65d) compared with the control group (5.1 ± 2.10d) ( P  = 0.042). The primary stone-free rate in the optical puncture group (87.5%) was similar to the control group (84.1%) ( P  = 0.656). The overall stone-free rates were 95% in the optical puncture group and 93.2% in the control group ( P  = 0.725). There were significantly more patients in the control group (18.2%) who suffered collecting system injury than in the optical puncture group (2.5%) ( P  = 0.020). There were no significant differences between the two groups in terms of blood transfusion ( P  = 0.292), fever ( P  = 0.696) and urosepsis ( P  = 0.946). Conclusion We demonstrated that optical puncture combined with standard PNL could increase the precision and success rate of puncture, and reduce the access-related complications in patients with complex kidney stones without hydronephrosis.
Background Intravenous fluid administration is an essential part of perioperative care for children receiving a kidney transplant. There is a paucity of evidence to guide optimal perioperative fluid management. This study aimed to identify the volume of perioperative fluids administered across 5 UK paediatric kidney transplant centres and explore associations between fluid volume administered, graft function, and fluid-related adverse events. Methods Data were collected from five UK paediatric kidney transplant centres on perioperative fluid volumes administered, and incidence of pulmonary oedema, systemic hypertension, and requirement for intensive care support. Children < 18 years of age who received a kidney-only transplant between 1^st January 2020 and 31^st December 2021 were included. Results Complete data from 102 children were analysed. The median total volume of fluid administered in 72 h was 377 ml/kg (IQR 149 ml/kg) with a high degree of variability. A negative relationship between total fluid volume administered and day 7 eGFR was noted ( p  < 0.001). Association between urine volume post-transplant and day 7 eGFR was also negative ( p  < 0.001). Adverse events were frequent but no significant difference was found in the fluid volume administered to those who developed an adverse event, vs those who did not. Conclusions This study describes a high degree of variability in perioperative fluid volumes administered to children receiving kidney transplants. Both fluid volume and urine output were negatively associated with short-term graft function. These data contrast traditional interpretation of high urine output as a marker of graft health, and highlight the need for prospective clinical trials to optimise perioperative fluid administration for this group. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) and augmented renal clearance (ARC), both alterations of the glomerular filtration rate (GFR), are prevalent in critically ill children and neonates. AKI and ARC prevalence estimates are based on estimation of GFR (eGFR) using serum creatinine (SCr), which is known to be inaccurate. We aimed to test our hypothesis that AKI prevalence will be higher and ARC prevalence will be lower in critically ill children when using iohexol-based measured GFR (mGFR), rather than using eGFR. Additionally, we aimed to investigate the performance of different SCr-based eGFR methods. Methods In this single-center prospective study, critically ill term-born neonates and children were included. mGFR was calculated using a plasma disappearance curve after parenteral administration of iohexol. AKI diagnosis was based on the KDIGO criteria, SCr-based eGFR, and creatinine clearance (CrCL). Differences between eGFR and mGFR were determined using Wilcoxon signed-rank tests and by calculating bias and accuracy (percentage of eGFR values within 30% of mGFR values). Results One hundred five children, including 43 neonates, were included. AKI prevalence was higher based on mGFR (48%), than with KDIGO or eGFR (11–40%). ARC prevalence was lower with mGFR (24%) compared to eGFR (38–51%). eGFR equations significantly overestimated mGFR (60–71 versus 41 ml/min/1.73 m^2, p  < 0.001–0.002). Accuracy was highest with eGFR equations based on age- and sex-dependent equations (up to 59%). Conclusion Iohexol-based AKI prevalence was higher and ARC prevalence lower compared to standard SCr-based eGFR methods. Age- and sex-dependent equations for eGFR (eGFR-Smeets for neonates and eGFR-Pierce for children) best approached measured GFR and should preferably be used to optimize diagnosis of AKI and ARC in this population. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Hypovitaminosis D has been reported to be common in chronic kidney disease (CKD) as well as in proteinuric disorders. We reviewed available evidence to assess clinically relevant effects of low vitamin D status and native vitamin D (NVD) therapy, in pediatric renal diseases. Online medical databases were searched for articles related to vitamin D status, associations of hypovitaminosis D and effects of NVD therapy in kidney disease. Hypovitaminosis D was associated with worse skeletal, cardiovascular, inflammatory, and renal survival outcomes in CKD. Low serum 25 hydroxy-vitamin D (25[OH]D) levels correlated positively with glomerular filtration rate and negatively with serum parathyroid (PTH) levels. However, to date, evidence of benefit of NVD supplementation is restricted mainly to improvements in serum PTH, and biochemical 25[OH]D targets form the basis of clinical practice recommendations for NVD therapy. In nephrotic syndrome (NS) relapse, studies indicate loss of 25[OH]D along with vitamin D binding protein in urine, and serum total 25[OH]D levels are low. Preliminary evidence indicates that free 25[OH]D may be a better guide to the biologically active fraction. NVD therapy in NS does not show consistent results in improving skeletal outcomes and hypercalciuria has been reported when total 25[OH]D levels were considered as indication for therapy. NVD formulations should be regularised, and therapy monitored adequately to avoid adverse effects.
Background Obesity is prevalent among children with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and is associated with cardiovascular disease and reduced quality of life. Its relationship with pediatric CKD progression has not been described. Methods We evaluated relationships between both body mass index (BMI) category (normal, overweight, obese) and BMI z-score (BMIz) change on CKD progression among participants of the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children study. Kaplan–Meier survival curves and multivariable parametric failure time models depict the association of baseline BMI category on time to kidney replacement therapy (KRT). Additionally, the annualized percentage change in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was modeled against concurrent change in BMIz using multivariable linear regression with generalized estimating equations which allowed for quantification of the effect of BMIz change on annualized eGFR change. Results Participants had median age of 10.9 years [IQR: 6.5, 14.6], median eGFR of 50 ml/1.73 m^2 [IQR: 37, 64] and 63% were male. 160 (27%) of 600 children with non-glomerular and 77 (31%) of 247 children with glomerular CKD progressed to KRT over a median of 5 years [IQR: 2, 8]. Times to KRT were not significantly associated with baseline BMI category. Children with non-glomerular CKD who were obese experienced significant improvement in eGFR (+ 0.62%; 95% CI: + 0.17%, + 1.08%) for every 0.1 standard deviation concurrent decrease in BMI. In participants with glomerular CKD who were obese, BMIz change was not significantly associated with annualized eGFR change. Conclusion Obesity may represent a target of intervention to improve kidney function in children with non-glomerular CKD. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background As the number of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients is increasing, but there are not enough living donors, it is necessary to broaden the criteria for candidates who can undergo donor nephrectomy. Thanks to surgeons’ increasing experience with laparoscopic donor nephrectomy (LND), multiple renal artery grafts, previously considered a relative contraindication to donor nephrectomy, have become candidates for LDN. We aimed to compare the outcomes of donors and recipients with single artery and with multiple arteries in LDN. Methods A total of 214 patients were included in the study. Patients were divided into two groups according to the number of donor arteries: donors with one artery (group 1) and donors with multiple arteries (group 2). The number of donor arteries, operative time, warm ischemia time (WIT), cold ischemia time (CIT), arterial anastomosis time, venous anastomosis time, the extent of bleeding, and preoperative complications were recorded to evaluate the preoperative data. Results The mean operation time in group 1 was 90.3 ± 11.8 min, while in group 2, it was 102.1 ± 5.5 min ( p  = 0.000). WIT group 1 was 90.9 ± 4.3 s and group 2 100.6 ± 2.1 s ( p  = 0.000). Arterial anastomosis time was 12.25 ± 3.8 in group 1 and 22.5 ± 4.5 in group 2 ( p  = 0.000). No statistically significant difference was found between the two groups in other parameters. Conlusion Increasing the number of donor arteries in renal transplantation (RT) operations prolonged the operation time on both the donor and recipient sides. Still, it had no negative impact on complications or graft function in the postoperative period.
Acute kidney injury is a complication of using gentamicin in high doses and is associated with severe morbidity and mortality. Astaxanthin, the red xanthophyll carotenoid pigment, has an antioxidant power higher than 100 times that of vitamin E and 10 times more than that of β-carotene, making it one of the strongest bioactive carotenoids. Haematococcus pluvialis , Haematococcaceae, microalga produces high amounts of astaxanthin in the form of astaxanthin esters besides adequate amounts of free astaxanthin. We attempted to explore the potential therapeutic effects of astaxanthin- and astaxanthin ester–enriched fractions from H. pluvialis against acute kidney injury induced by gentamicin and their mechanisms of action in rats. Adult male Wister albino rats were injected with gentamicin (100 mg/kg, i.p. ) for seven consecutive days to induce acute kidney injury, and these rats were treated daily with astaxanthin ester–enriched fractions (30 mg/kg; p.o .) for 14 days. LC/ESI–MS analysis revealed the presence of different isomers of free astaxanthin, astaxanthin monoesters, and astaxanthin diesters in the astaxanthin- and astaxanthin ester–enriched fractions. Astaxanthin and its esters ameliorated kidney dysfunction, modulated nuclear factor erythroid 2 related factor 2/Kelch-like erythroid associated protein 1/hypoxia-inducible factor-alpha, and suppressed mitogen-activated protein kinases/extracellular signal-regulated kinases/renin-angiotensin system expression. Astaxanthin and its ester improved early acute kidney injury via modulation of the Nrf2/Keap1 antioxidant defense pathway and MAPK/ERK signaling cascade. Graphical Abstract 
Purpose Visceral leishmaniasis (VL) has become a rising concern to transplantation teams, being associated with graft dysfunction and reduced survival of renal transplant recipients. Here, we describe a case of VL occurring in a kidney transplant (KT) recipient in Italy, a country in which Leishmania infantum is endemic and we reviewed the literature on the clinical course and diagnosis of VL in KT recipients residing or travelling to southern Europe. Results The VL case was diagnosed 18 months after transplant and 28 days after the onset of symptoms by quantitative PCR (qPCR) on peripheral blood. A graft biopsy showed renal involvement, and PCR performed on graft tissue displayed the presence of Leishmania DNA. The retrospective confirmation of Leishmania -positive serology in a serum sample collected before transplantation, as well as the absence of anti- Leishmania IgG in the graft donor strongly suggest that reactivation of a latent parasitic infection caused VL in the current case. Conclusion VL is often underdiagnosed in transplant recipients, despite the presence of latent Leishmania infection being reported in endemic countries. This case report, as well as the literature review on leishmaniasis in KT recipients, underline the importance of rapid VL diagnosis to promptly undergo treatment. Serology is scarcely sensitive in immunocompromised patients, thus molecular tests in peripheral blood should be implemented and standardized for both VL identification and follow-up.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) following cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Serum Cystatin C (CysC) is a novel biomarker synthesized by all nucleated cells that may act as an early indicator of AKI following infant CPB. Prospective observational study of infants (< 1 year) requiring CPB during cardiac surgery. CysC was measured at baseline and 12, 24, 48, and 72 h following CPB initiation. Each post-op percent difference in CysC (e.g. %CysC_12h) from baseline was calculated. Clinical variables along with urine output (UOP) and serum creatinine (SCr) were followed. Subjects were divided into two groups: AKI and non-AKI based upon the Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) classification. AKI occurred in 41.9% (18) of the 43 infants enrolled. Patient demographics and baseline CysC levels were similar between groups. CysC levels were 0.97 ± 0.28 mg/L over the study period, and directly correlated with SCr ( R  = 0.71, p  < 0.0001). Although absolute CysC levels were not significant between groups, the %CysC_12h was significantly greater in the AKI group (AKI: − 16% ± 22% vs. Non-AKI − 28% ± 9% mg/L; p  = 0.003). However, multivariate analysis demonstrated that a lower UOP (Odds Ratio:0.298; 95% CI 0.073, 0.850; p  = 0.02) but not %CysC_12h was independently associated with AKI. Despite a significant difference in the %CysC_12h, only UOP was independently associated with AKI. Larger studies of a more homogenous population are needed to understand these results and to explore the variability in this biomarker seen across institutions.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI), a prevalent non-neurological complication following traumatic brain injury (TBI), is a major clinical issue with an unfavorable prognosis. This study aimed to develop and validate machine learning models to predict severe AKI (stage 3 or greater) incidence in patients with TBI. Methods A retrospective cohort study was conducted by using two public databases: the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care IV (MIMIC)-IV and the eICU Collaborative Research Database (eICU-CRD). Recursive feature elimination was used to select candidate predictors obtained within 24 h of intensive care unit admission. The area under the curve and decision curve analysis curves were used to determine the discriminatory ability. On the other hand, the calibration curve was employed to evaluate the calibrated performance of the newly developed machine learning models. Results In the MIMIC-IV database, there were 808 patients diagnosed with moderate and severe TBI (msTBI) (msTBI is defined as Glasgow Coma Score < 12). Of these, 60 (7.43%) patients experienced severe AKI. External validation in the eICU-CRD indicated that the random forest (RF) model had the highest area under the curve of 0.819 (95% confidence interval 0.783–0.851). Furthermore, in the calibration curve, the RF model was well calibrated ( P  = 0.795). Conclusions In this study, the RF model demonstrated better discrimination in predicting severe AKI than other models. An online calculator could facilitate its application, potentially improving the early detection of severe AKI and subsequently improving the clinical outcomes among patients with msTBI.
Background Many trials have attempted to slow the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) by modifying specific risk factors, but without achieving satisfactory results. We aimed to evaluate the association between the degree of improvement in multiple risk factors and adverse kidney outcomes. Methods This was a prospective observational study of 839 patients with CKD G3-G4. The main predictors were the number of improved risk factors between baseline and year one as follows: a decrease in proteinuria, systolic blood pressure, phosphate, and uric acid, and an increase in hemoglobin and bicarbonate from the baseline status to out of the target range. The primary outcome was a composite one, including CKD progression (50% decline in eGFR or kidney replacement therapy) and all-cause death. Results Patients whose risk factors eventually improved had more unfavorable baseline profiles of the six considered factors. During 3097.8 person-years of follow-up (median 3.5 years per patient), the composite outcome occurred in 48.0% of patients (incidence rate, 13.0 per 100 person-years). Compared with an improvement of no risk factors, the adjusted HRs (95% CI) for improvement of 1 and ≥ 2 risk factors were 0.96 (0.76–1.22) and 0.53 (0.37–0.75), respectively. The association was not affected by diabetic status or CKD severity. Among the risk factors, proteinuria accounted for the greatest contribution to CKD progression. Conclusions In patients with CKD G3-G4, improvement in multiple factors was associated with a decreased risk of CKD progression, suggesting the importance of multifactorial risk management. Graphical abstract 
Protein-energy wasting (PEW) is common in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality, and lower quality of life. It is a complex syndrome, in which inflammation and retention of uremic toxins are two main factors. Causes of inflammation and uremic toxin retention in CKD are multiple; however, gut dysbiosis plays an important role, serving as a link between those entities and PEW. Besides, there are several pathways by which microbiota may influence PEW, e.g., through effects on appetite mediated by microbiota-derived proteins and hormonal changes, or by impacting skeletal muscle via a gut-muscle axis. Hence, microbiota disturbances may influence PEW independently of its relationship with local and systemic inflammation. A better understanding of the complex interrelationships between microbiota and the host may help to explain how changes in the gut affect distant organs and systems of the body and could potentially lead to the development of new strategies targeting the microbiota to improve nutrition and clinical outcomes in CKD patients. In this review, we describe possible interactions of gut microbiota with nutrient metabolism, energy balance, hunger/satiety signals and muscle depletion, all of which are strongly related to PEW in CKD patients. Graphical abstract 
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a globally critical issue. Most studies about AKI have been conducted in limited settings on perioperative or critically ill patients. As a result, there is little information about the epidemiology and risk factors of AKI in the general population. Methods We conducted a population-based cohort study using the Shizuoka Kokuho Database. We included subjects with records of health checkup results. The observation period for each participant was defined as from the date of insurance enrollment or April 2012, whichever occurred later, until the date of insurance withdrawal or September 2020, whichever was later. Primary outcome was AKI associated with admission based on the ICD-10 code. We described the incidence of AKI and performed a multivariate analysis using potential risk factors selected from comorbidities, medications, and health checkup results. Results Of 627,814 subjects, 8044 were diagnosed with AKI (incidence 251 per 100,000 person-years). The AKI group was older, with more males. Most comorbidities and prescribed medications were more common in the AKI group. As novel factors, statins (hazard ratio (HR) 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80–0.89) and physical activity habits (HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.75–0.83) were associated with reduced incidence of AKI. Other variables associated with AKI were approximately consistent with those from previous studies. Conclusions The factors associated with AKI and the incidence of AKI in the general Japanese population are indicated. This study generates the hypothesis that statins and physical activity habits are novel protective factors for AKI.
Background Kidney diseases have become a global health problem, affecting about 15% of adults and being often under-recognized. Immunological system activation was shown to accelerate kidney damage even in inherited disorders. The kynurenine pathway is the main route of tryptophan degradation. A metabolite of kynurenine (KYN), kynurenic acid (KYNA), produced by kynurenine aminotransferases (KATs), was reported to affect fluid and electrolyte balance as a result of natriuresis induction. The accumulation of KYNA was shown in patients with impaired kidney function and its level was related to the degree of kidney damage. Cyclooxygenase (COX) inhibitors are well-known analgesics and most of them demonstrate an anti-inflammatory effect. Their main mechanism of action is prostaglandin synthesis blockade, which is also responsible for their nephrotoxic potential. Since the KYN pathway is known to remain under immunological system control, the purpose of this study was to analyze the effect of 9 COX inhibitors on KYNA production together with KATs’ activity in rat kidneys in vitro. Methods Experiments were carried out on kidney homogenates in the presence of L-KYN and the selected compound in 6 various concentrations. Results Among the examined COX inhibitors only acetaminophen did not change KYNA production in rat kidneys in vitro. Additionally, acetaminophen did not affect the activity of KAT I and KAT II, whereas acetylsalicylic acid and ibuprofen inhibited only KAT II. The remaining COX inhibitors decreased the activity of both KATs in rat kidneys in vitro. Conclusion Our study provides novel mechanisms of COX inhibitors action in the kidney, with possible implications for the treatment of kidney diseases. Graphical abstract 
Objective Renal cell carcinomas represent the sixth- and tenth-most frequently diagnosed cancer in men and women. Recently, percutaneous-guided thermal ablations have proved to be as effective as partial nephrectomy and safer for treating small renal masses (i.e.,  < 3 cm). This study compared the perioperative and recurrence outcomes of percutaneous thermal ablation (TA) and robotic-assisted partial nephrectomy (RAPN) for the treatment of T1b renal cell carcinomas (4.1–7 cm). Methods Retrospective data from 11 centers on the national database, between 2010 and 2020, included 81 patients treated with thermal ablation (TA) and 308 patients treated with RAPN for T1b renal cell carcinoma, collected retrospectively and matched for tumor size, histology results, and the RENAL score. TA included cryoablation and microwave ablation. Endpoints compared the rate between the two groups: local recurrence, metastases, complications, renal function decrease, and length of hospitalization. Results After matching, 75 patients were included in each group; mean age was 76.6 (± 9) in the TA group and 61.1 (± 12) in the RAPN group, including 69.3% and 76% men respectively. The local recurrence (LR) rate was significantly higher in the TA group than in the PN group (14.6% vs 4%; p  = 0.02). The LR rate was 20% (1/5) after microwave ablation, 11.1% (1/9) after radiofrequency ablation, and 14.7% (9/61) after cryoablation. The major complication rate (Clavien–Dindo  ≥ 3) was higher following PN than after TA (5.3% vs 0%; p  < 0.001). Metastases, eGFR decrease, and length of hospitalization did not differ significantly between the two groups. Conclusions The local recurrence rate was significantly higher after thermal ablation; however, thermal ablation resulted in significantly lower rates of complications. Summary statement Thermal ablation and robotic-assisted partial nephrectomy are effective treatments for T1b renal cancer; however, the local recurrence rate was higher after thermal ablation. Key Points • The local recurrence rate was significantly higher in the thermal ablation group than in the partial nephrectomy group. • The major complication rate (Clavien–Dindo ≥ 3) was higher following PN than after TA (5.3% vs. 0%; p < 0.001).
Introduction Kidney failure negatively affects opportunities for work participation. Little is known about work functioning of employed CKD patients. This study investigates work-related outcomes, and examines associations between patient characteristics and employment status. Methods We performed a cross-sectional survey study in nine nephrology outpatient clinics in the Netherlands among working age (18–67 years) CKD Stage G3b-G5, dialysis and transplant patients ( n  = 634; mean age 53.4 years (SD 10); 53% male; 47% Stage G3b-G5, 9% dialysis, 44% transplantation). We assessed employment status, work disability, work-related characteristics (i.e., work situation, working hours, job demands), work functioning (i.e., perceived ability to work, productivity loss, limitations in work), work environment (i.e., work accommodations, psychosocial work environment), as well as health status and fatigue. Results Sixty-five percent were employed reporting moderate work ability. Of those, 21% received supplementary work disability benefits, 37% were severely fatigued, 7% expected to drop out of the workforce, and 49% experienced CKD-related work limitations. Work accommodations included reduced working hours, working at a slower pace, adjustment of work tasks or work schedule, and working from home. Multivariable analysis of sustained employment showed associations with younger age, male gender, higher level of education, better general and physical health and pre-emptive transplantation. Transplant patients had the highest work ability and highest expectation to maintain work. Dialysis patients had the highest productivity loss and perceived the most limitations regarding functioning in work. Stage G3b-G5 patients reported the lowest social support from colleagues and highest conflict in work and private life. Conclusions Employed CKD patients experience difficulties regarding functioning in work requiring adjustment of work or partial work disability. In addition to dialysis patients, stage G3b-G5 patients are vulnerable concerning sustained employment and work functioning.
Purpose To retrospectively evaluate cryoablation combined with prior transcatheter arterial embolization (TAE) for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) in non-dialysis patients with stage 4 or 5 chronic kidney disease (CKD). Materials and methods Patients with stage 4 or 5 CKD undergoing TAE and cryoablation for RCC between May 2012 and October 2021 were included. TAE was selectively performed using iodized oil with absolute ethanol or gelatin sponge 1–14 days before cryoablation. Local efficacy, safety, and changes in renal function were evaluated. Results Nine patients (seven men and two women; median age, 64 years; range 52–88 years) with nine RCCs (mean diameter, 3.0 ± 1.0 cm; range 1.7–4.7 cm) were included. The mean pre-treatment estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was 24.2 ± 5.6 ml/min/1.73 m^2 (range 10.4–29.2 ml/min/1.73 m^2). The mean amount of contrast medium used in TAE was 58 ± 29 ml (range 40–128 ml). Except in one patient (grade 3 pyelonephritis), no grade ≥ 3 complications occurred. During the follow-up period (median, 18 months; range 7–54 months), no local tumor progression occurred. In two patients with pre-treatment eGFR of < 20 ml/min/1.73 m^2, hemodialysis was initiated at 3 and 19 months after cryoablation. At their last follow-up, the remaining seven patients showed a decrease of 6.2 ± 5.3 ml/min/1.73 m^2 (range 0.7–17.2 ml/min/1.73 m^2) in their eGFR. Conclusion Cryoablation combined with TAE for RCC in non-dialysis patients with stage 4 or 5 CKD was effective and safe, with an acceptable impact on renal function.
Summary The impact of urine calcium on kidney, bone, and cardiovascular systems in osteoporosis is not well-known. In this 7-year-follow-up study, high urine calcium did not affect kidney function but increased risk of kidney stones, while low urine calcium increased cardiovascular diseases. Maintaining normal urine calcium is beneficial for bone health. Purpose Hypercalciuria is common in patients with osteoporosis. However, the long-term effect of urinary calcium excretion (UCaE) on patients’ health is not well-examined. The current study aims to assess the impact of UCaE on kidney, bone, and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with bone biopsy proven osteoporosis. Methods Longitudinal study of all patients with osteoporosis who underwent bone biopsy and 24-h urine collection between 2008 and 2015 in the University of Kentucky. DXA scans, serum markers, kidney function, and cardiovascular events were recorded until last clinic visit in 2021. Exclusion criteria were secondary osteoporosis or conditions that might substantially impact UCaE. The significant results in univariate analysis were confirmed in multi-variable regression models involving clinically important covariates that might impact patients’ outcomes. Results Study included 230 patients with mean follow-up of 7.2 ± 2.9 years. The mean age was 61 years, and the mean eGFR at baseline was 85 ± 19 ml/min/1.73 m^2. Low bone turnover (LBT) was present in 57% and high bone turnover (HBT) in 43% of patients. Hypercalciuria was found in one-third of patients with no difference between LTB and HTB. UCaE correlated positively with eGFR but did not affect the rate of eGFR decline over time. Higher UCaE predicted kidney stones development. We observed U-shaped effect of UCaE on bone health. Hypercalciuria predicted loss of BMD at all sites, but also hypocalciuria was associated with higher loss in total hip BMD. Upper limb fractures were the most observed fractures, and their incidence was higher in patients with hyper- or hypo-calciuria. Lower UCaE independently predicted development of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Conclusion UCaE correlated with eGFR but it did not affect the change of eGFR over time. Patients with normal UCaE had lower incidence of upper limb fractures and less reduction in BMD. Low UCaE predicted MACE and CVD.
Background Many people with chronic kidney disease (CKD) have problems to stay at work. Patients and health care professionals (HCPs) see the potential benefit of work-oriented clinical care, yet this care is not manifested in current practice. The aim of this study was to develop and implement a program called work-oriented clinical care for kidney patients (WORK) to support sustainable work participation. Methods An adapted version of Intervention Mapping (AIM) was used for the systematic development of work-oriented care in a hospital. Based on the needs of patients and (occupational) health professionals, and in close cooperation with both, a theoretical and empirically based program was developed. Feasibility and clinical utility were assessed among patients with CKD, HCPs and hospital managers. To increase the chances of successful implementation we focused on determinants related to the innovation, the users, the organization (hospital), and socio-political context. Results We developed, implemented, and pilot-tested WORK, an innovative program consisting of a care pathway in the hospital that targets patients with work-related questions and tailors the support they receive to their needs. Several practical tools were developed and an internal and external referral structure with a focus on work was implemented. A labor expert was deployed to the hospital to support patients and HCPs with simple work-related questions. The feasibility and clinical utility of WORK were rated positively. Conclusions This work-oriented clinical care program provides HCPs in the hospital with the necessary tools to support patients with CKD in dealing with work challenges. HCPs can discuss work with patients at an early stage and support them in anticipating work-related challenges. HCPs can also bridge the gap to more specialized help if necessary. WORK has the potential for wider application in other departments and hospitals. So far, the implementation of the WORK program was successful, though structural implementation may be challenging.
Background Iron deficiency anemia occurs in most patients with non-dialysis chronic kidney disease (ND-CKD). Previous studies have suggested that intravenous (IV) iron therapy is more effective than oral iron in these patients. Clinical evidence relating the effects of IV iron on renal function is, however, limited. Methods Prospective observational study of adult patients with ND-CKD, anemia, iron deficiency, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2, treated with a single dose of 500 mg or 1000 mg of ferric carboxymaltose (FCM) and followed-up for 24 weeks. Primary outcome was FCM efficacy, assessed by comparing Hb, TSAT and ferritin at 24 weeks with those at baseline. Secondary outcome was FCM impact on renal function, evaluated by comparing eGFR over the same period. Results One hundred and forty patients were recruited: seventy-eight (55.7%) were treated with 1000 mg and 62 (44.3%) with 500 mg of FCM. 24 weeks after FCM administration, Hb increased 1.54 ± 1.99 g/dL (95% CI 1.09–1.99, p  = 001) in the group treated with 1000 mg and 0.86 ± 1.4 g/dL (95% CI 0.53–1.22, p  = 0.001) in those treated with 500 mg. TSAT increased in both groups but more in those treated with 1000 mg, and ferritin only increased in the latter. Estimated GFR showed a significant increase of 1.55 ± 6.86 mL/min/m^2 (95% CI 0.05–3.09, p  = 0.049), from a baseline of 27.73 ± 17.23 to 28.88 ± 18.02 mL/min/m^2 in the group treated with 1000 mg. Conclusions Our findings suggested that IV FCM therapy was effective in improving serum iron levels and anemia in ND-CKD stage 3 to 5 patients. Higher doses seem to be necessary to replace depleted iron stores. In our cohort, IV FCM therapy was associated with an improvement in renal function, particularly in those treated with higher doses of FCM.
Background A genome-wide association study (GWAS) in kidney transplant recipients reported the association of two polymorphisms located in the PTPRO gene and upstream of the CCDC67 ( DEUP1 ) gene with increased risk of acute T cell-mediated rejection (TCMR). We aimed at replicating the assessment of mentioned associations and additionally ascertaining the influence of treatment and clinical features of the patients. Methods The polymorphisms, PTPRO -rs7976329 and CCDC67 -rs10765602 were genotyped by TaqMan chemistry in 641 consecutive kidney transplant recipients. The diagnosis of rejection was confirmed by biopsy and categorized according to the Banff classification. Associations were evaluated by Chi-square test or Fisher’s exact test when necessary and multivariate logistic regression. Results Considering the GWAS study we only replicated the association of the PTPRO -rs7976329*C allele in the Banff grade < II subjects. However, the homozygous mutant genotypes of both polymorphism seemed to increase the risk of TCMR Banff grade < II in the overall cohort and after stratification by Thymoglobulin induction therapy. In the multivariate analysis, we confirmed the association of PTPRO -rs7976329 with TCMR Banff grade < II, independently of the Thymoglobulin induction therapy and of CCDC67 -rs10765602 only in the group of patients not receiving Thymoglobulin induction therapy. No association of these polymorphisms with TCMR Banff grade ≥ II was observed in either the overall cohort or in the subgroups stratified by Thymoglobulin therapy. Conclusions Our study shows that the increased risk of TCMR related to polymorphisms PTPRO-rs7976329 and CCDC67-rs10765602 previously reported in a GWAS was replicated only in homozygous patients who presented TCMR Banff grade < II and for the minor allele of either polymorphism. Graphical abstract 
Background People with kidney failure treated with dialysis are at increased risk of SARS-CoV-2 infection, and severe COVID-19 outcomes such as hospitalization and death. Though there are well-defined sex differences in outcomes for the general population with COVID-19, we do not know whether this translates into kidney failure populations. We aimed to estimate the differences in COVID-19 symptoms and clinical outcomes between males and females treated with maintenance dialysis. Methods In this prospective observational cohort study, we included adults treated with maintenance dialysis in Southern Alberta, Canada that tested positive for COVID-19 between March 2020 and February 2022. We examined the association between sex (dichotomized as male and female) with COVID-19 symptoms including fever, cough, malaise, shortness of breath, muscle joints/aches, nausea and/or vomiting, loss of appetite, diarrhea, headache, sore throat, and loss of smell/taste using chi-square or Fisher’s exact tests. Secondary outcomes included 30-day hospitalization, ICU admission, and death. Results Of 1,329 cohort participants, 246 (18.5%) tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 and were included in our study, including 95 females (39%). Of 207 participants with symptoms assessed, females had less frequent fever ( p  = 0.003), and more nausea or vomiting ( p  = 0.003) compared to males, after correction for multiple testing. Males exhibited no symptoms 25% of the time, compared with 10% of females ( p  = 0.01, not significant when corrected for multiple testing). We did not identify statistically significant differences in clinical outcomes between the sexes, though vaccinated patients had lower odds of hospitalization. Conclusions Sex differences in COVID-19 symptoms were identified in a cohort of patients treated with maintenance dialysis, which may inform sex-specific screening strategies in dialysis units. Further work is necessary to examine mechanisms for identified sex differences. Graphical abstract 
Background Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress plays an important role in the development of chronic kidney disease (CKD). Sigma-1 receptors (σ1Rs) are novel chaperone proteins that regulate ER stress. However, effect of σ1R activation on renal ER stress is yet unexplored. So, in the present study we investigated the effects of PRE-084, a σ1R agonist on renal injury and ER stress in the rat model of CKD. Methods CKD group rats were fed adenine for 28 days and CKD treatment group rats were additionally administered PRE-084 intraperitoneally at 1, 3 and 10 mg/kg body weight dose from Day 22–28. ER stress markers were evaluated using molecular biology techniques such as immunohistochemistry and Western blot. Results Marked kidney injury was observed in CKD rats as revealed by biochemical and histological findings. Expression of ER stress proteins such as phosphorylated protein kinase R-like ER kinase (p-PERK), cleaved activating transcription factor-6 (ATF-6f), phosphorylated inositol requiring enzyme1α (p-IRE1α) and caspase-12 were higher in CKD rats. Nevertheless, CKD rats treated with PRE-084 particularly at 10 mg/kg dose showed considerably lesser kidney injury along with higher expression of σ1R and marked reduction of all the ER stress proteins studied. Conclusion Results reveal that PRE-084 likely ameliorated the adenine-induced kidney injury by lowering ER stress through increased σ1R expression.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the biomarker potential of TIMP-2 in septic-induced acute kidney injury (AKI). Healthy male rats ( n =56, age 8-10 weeks, body weight 250-300 g) were randomized into 3 groups: controls (intact rats, n =6), sham-operated (SO, n =24), and sepsis model (cecum ligation and perforation, CLP, n =24). Thirty minutes before and 6, 12, 24, and 48 h after surgery, blood samples were collected to measure serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), and TIMP-2 and the kidneys were isolated for histopathological analysis and Western blotting. The key sepsis-related genes were screened through bioinformatics analysis. In 24 and 48 h after surgery, 2 rats in the SO group reached the diagnostic criteria of AKI (increased levels of serum creatinine and BUN). In the CLP group, serum creatinine in 6 h after the surgery was slightly higher than 30 min before the surgery, but this change did not meet the diagnostic criteria for AKI. In the CLP group, BUN was normal 6 h after the surgery, but increased after 12 h. In more than 50% rats of the CLP group, serum creatinine and BUN significantly increased 12 h after operation, so this can be diagnosed as AKI. In rats of the CLP group, plasma TIMP-2 was elevated 6 h after surgery and increased with time, suggesting that plasma TIMP-2 can be used as an early marker of AKI. Histological examination of the kidneys in this group revealed destruction of the renal tubular structure, swelling of renal tubular epithelium, the disappearance of brush edge and collapse of necrotic epithelial cells, etc ., and the degree of damage increased with time. Immunohistochemistry showed that TIMP-2 was expressed in rats of the CLP group at all terms of the experiment. The expression of TIMP-2 and pyroptosis-related proteins (NLRP3, IL-1β, caspase-1, and GSDMD) in the CLP group was higher than in the SO group ( p <0.05) and increased with time, suggesting that pyroptosis is involved in AKI. Thus, plasma TIMP-2 is sensitive indicator for the early detection of kidney injury and can be used as an early biomarker of AKI.
Background The gut produces toxins that contribute to the cardiovascular complications of chronic kidney disease. Canagliflozin, a sodium glucose cotransporter (SGLT) 2 inhibitor that is used as an anti-diabetic drug, has a weak inhibitory effect against SGLT1 and may affect the gut glucose concentration and environment. Methods Here, we determined the effect of canagliflozin on the gut microbiota and the serum gut-derived uremic toxin concentrations in 5/6th nephrectomized (Nx) rats. Results Canagliflozin increased the colonic glucose concentration and restored the number of Lactobacillus bacteria, which was low in Nx rats. In addition, the expression of tight junction proteins in the ascending colon was low in Nx rats, and this was partially restored by canagliflozin. Furthermore, the serum concentrations of gut-derived uremic toxins were significantly increased by Nx and reduced by canagliflozin. Finally, the wall of the thoracic aorta was thicker and there was more cardiac interstitial fibrosis in Nx rats, and these defects were ameliorated by canagliflozin. Conclusions The increases in colonic glucose concentration, Lactobacillus numbers and tight junction protein expression, and the decreases in serum uremic toxin concentrations and cardiac interstitial fibrosis may have been caused by the inhibition of SGLT1 by canagliflozin because similar effects were not identified in tofogliflozin-treated rats.
The kidney, and in particular the proximal tubule (PT), has a high demand for ATP, due to its function in bulk reabsorption of solutes. In normal PT, ATP levels are predominantly maintained by fatty acid β-oxidation (FAO), the tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle, and oxidative phosphorylation. The normal PT also undertakes gluconeogenesis and metabolism of amino acids. Acute kidney injury (AKI) results in profound PT metabolic alterations, including suppression of FAO, gluconeogenesis, and metabolism of some amino acids, and upregulation of glycolytic enzymes. Recent studies have elucidated new transcriptional mechanisms regulating metabolic pathways in normal PT, as well as the metabolic switch in AKI. A number of transcription factors have been shown to play important roles in FAO, which are themselves downregulated in AKI, while hypoxia-inducible factor 1α, which is upregulated in ischemia–reperfusion injury, is a likely driver of the upregulation of glycolytic enzymes. Transcriptional regulation of amino acid metabolic pathways is less well understood, except for catabolism of branched-chain amino acids, which is likely suppressed in AKI by upregulation of Krüppel-like factor 6. This review will focus on the transcriptional regulation of specific metabolic pathways in normal PT and in AKI, as well as highlighting some of the gaps in knowledge and challenges that remain to be addressed.
Background The feasibility and efficacy of low-protein diets (LPD) treatment in chronic kidney disease (CKD) is controversial. Based on the characteristics of the Chinese diet, we observe the qualification rates and short-term clinical effects of LPD for CKD patients in our center. Methods This is a retrospective cohort study. CKD stages 3–5 patients who were regularly followed up 5 times (over 2 years) and treated with LPD were included. We collected clinical data to observe the changes in LPD qualification rates and divided patients into LPD and non-LPD group according to the average dietary protein intake (DPI) of 5 follow-up time points and compared the changes in primary and secondary outcome measures between the two groups. Results We analyzed data from 161 eligible CKD stages 3–5 patients. From baseline to the 5th follow-up time point, the LPD qualification rates of all patients were 11.80%, 35.40%, 47.82%, 53.43% and 54.04%, respectively. For primary outcome measures, the urine protein/creatinine ratio (UPCR) decreased more in the LPD group than in the non-LPD group [Median (interquartile range, IQR) of the difference between the 5th follow-up time point and baseline: 0.19 (− 0.01–0.73) vs. 0.10 (− 0.08–0.27), P  < 0.001]. We constructed three classes of mixed linear models (model I, II, III). The UPCR slopes were all negative in the LPD group and positive in the non-LPD group ( P  < 0.001). Meanwhile, in model I, the estimate glomerular filtration rate(eGFR) decline slope in the LPD group was lower than that in the non-LPD group [slope (standard error): − 1.32 (0.37) vs. − 2.35 (0.33), P  = 0.036]. For secondary outcome measures, body mass index (BMI) triglycerides (TG), body weight, and fat free mass (FFM) showed stable statistical differences in the comparison of LPD and non-LPD groups, with greater declines in the former. Conclusion The results of this study suggest that LPD treatment can reduce UPCR in patients with CKD stages 3–5, and may also delay the decline in eGFR. Meanwhile, it also reduces BMI, TG, body weight, and FFM, thus the need to prevent malnutrition in clinical implementation.
Background Biomarkers are fundamental tools for differentiating between types of acute kidney injury (AKI) and may thus be crucial in management and prognosis. We report on a recently described biomarker, calprotectin, that appears to be a promising candidate in differentiating hypovolemic/functional AKI from intrinsic/structural AKI, whose acknowledgement may play a role in improving outcomes. We aimed to study the efficacy of urinary calprotectin in differentiating these two forms of AKI. The effect of fluid administration on the subsequent clinical course of AKI, its severity and the outcomes were also studied. Methodology Children who presented with conditions predisposing to AKI or with diagnosis of AKI were included. Urine samples for calprotectin analysis were collected and stored at – 20 ºC for analysis at the end of the study. Fluids were administered as per clinical conditions, followed by intravenous furosemide 1 mg/kg, and patients were observed closely for at least 72 h. Children with serum creatinine normalization and clinical improvement were classified as with functional AKI, while those with no response were classified as with structural AKI. Urine calprotectin levels between these two groups were compared. Statistical analysis was performed with SPSS 21.0 software. Results Of the 56 children enrolled, 26 were classified as with functional AKI and 30 as with structural AKI. Stage 3 AKI was observed in 48.2% of patients and stage 2 AKI in 33.8%. Mean urine output, creatinine and stage of AKI improved with fluid and furosemide or furosemide alone (OR 6.08, 95% CI 1.65–27.23) ( p  < 0.01). A positive response to fluid challenge was in favor of functional AKI (OR 6.08, 95% CI 1.65–27.23) ( p  = 0.008). Presence of edema, sepsis and need for dialysis were hallmarks of structural AKI ( p  < 0.05). Urine calprotectin/creatinine values were 6 times higher in structural AKI compared to functional AKI. Urine calprotectin/creatinine ratio showed the best sensitivity (63.3%) and specificity (80.7%) at a cut-off value of 1 mcg/mL in differentiating the two types of AKI. Conclusion Urinary calprotectin is a promising biomarker that may help differentiating structural from functional AKI in children. Graphical Abstract 
Background Evaluating patients’ risk for acute kidney injury (AKI) is crucial for positive outcomes following cardiac surgery. Our aims were first to select candidate risk factors from pre- or intra-operative real-world parameters collected from routine medical care and then evaluate potential associations between those parameters and risk of onset of post-operative cardiac surgery-associated AKI (CSA-AKI). Method We conducted two cohort studies in Japan. The first was a single-center prospective cohort study ( n  = 145) to assess potential association between 115 clinical parameters collected from routine medical care and CSA-AKI (≥ Stage1) risk in the population of patients undergoing cardiac surgery involving cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). To select candidate risk factors, we employed random forest analysis and applied survival analyses to evaluate association strength. In a second retrospective cohort study, we targeted patients undergoing cardiac surgery with CPB ( n  = 619) and evaluated potential positive associations between CSA-AKI incidence and risk factors suggested by the first cohort study. Results Variable selection analysis revealed that parameters in clinical categories such as circulating inflammatory cells, CPB-related parameters, ventilation, or aging were potential CSA-AKI risk factors. Survival analyses revealed that increased counts of pre-operative circulating monocytes and neutrophils were associated with CSA-AKI incidence. Finally, in the second cohort study, we found that increased pre-operative circulating monocyte counts were associated with increased CSA-AKI incidence. Conclusions Circulating monocyte counts in the pre-operative state are associated with increased risk of CSA-AKI development. This finding may be useful in stratifying patients for risk of developing CSA-AKI in routine clinical practice.
N-Methylformamide (NMF) is a widely used chemical (CAS No.: 123-39-7) in several industries and its usage is continuously increasing. However, studies for NMF have been focused on hepatotoxicity from now. Its toxicity profile has not yet been established owing to limited toxicity data. Therefore, we evaluated systemic toxicity via NMF inhalation. We exposed 0, 30, 100, and 300 ppm NMF to Fischer 344 rats for 6 h/day, 5 days a week for 2 weeks. Clinical signs, body weights, food consumption, hematologic parameters, serum chemistry measurements, organ weights, necropsy, and histopathology were performed. Two females exposed to 300 ppm NMF died during exposure period. Decrease of food consumption and body weight in both sexes exposed to 300 ppm in females exposed to 100 ppm were noted during exposure period. Increased RBC and HGB were noted in females exposed to 300 ppm. A decrease in the levels of ALP and K and increase in the levels of TCHO and Na were observed in both sexes exposed to 300 and 100 ppm. Increased levels of ALT, AST, BUN and decreased levels of TP, ALB, Ca were observed in females exposed to 300 and 100 ppm. The relative liver weight was elevated in both sexes exposed to 300 and 100 ppm NMF. Hypertrophy in the liver and submandibular glands and nasal cavity injuries were noted in both sexes exposed to 300 and 100 ppm NMF. Tubular basophilia of the kidneys were noted in females exposed to 300 ppm NMF. We revealed that NMF affect several organs including the kidneys not only the liver and NMF-related toxicity is predominant in female rats. These results could contribute to the development of NMF toxicity profile and may help in developing strategies for the control of occupational environmental hazards related to NMF.
Background Kidney transplantation is the treatment of choice for end-stage renal disease. Psychological problems and the presence of high anxiety have been described at various times over the course of transplantation, starting early at inclusion on the waiting-list. The objective of this study was to investigate anxiety symptoms among patients waiting for a transplant and the efficacy of a psychological intervention in the management of the anxiety. Methods In this prospective trial, 30 patients waiting for a first kidney transplantation were included. Medico-psycho-sociodemographic data were collected. Anxiety symptoms were assessed at inclusion using the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory self-assessment questionnaire for state anxiety (Spielberger and Vagg in Inventaire d’anxiété état-trait, forme Y (STAI-Y) Paris, 1993). A second assessment was carried out after the psychological intervention, which consisted of three sessions conducted by a clinical psychologist. Results Anxiety scores were considerably higher in females compared to males (47.5 versus 33.0, p  < 0.023) and among those who had a psychological treatment history (60 versus 37, p  = 0.003). We found a correlation between the level of anxiety and the length of time spent on the waiting-list ( r  = 0.552, p  = 0.002). Importantly, anxiety scores decreased significantly (44 versus 32, p  < 0.0001) after the psychological intervention. Conclusion This study suggests that early psychological support allows improving anxiety symptoms in patients wait-listed for a kidney transplant. Trial registration Clinical trial NCT02690272. Graphical abstract 
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common complication of cardiac surgeries. The incidence of AKI after cardiac surgeries using cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB-AKI) is high, emphasizing the need to determine strategies to prevent CPB-AKI. This study investigates the correlation between CPB-AKI and trace metal levels in clinical and animal studies. Methods Samples and clinical data were obtained from 74 patients from the Nagoya City University Hospital and Okazaki City Hospital. Blood samples were collected before, immediately after, and 2 h after CPB withdrawal. Trace metal levels were measured using inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry. Sr or vehicle treatment was orally administered to the rats to determine if Sr was associated with CPB-AKI. After the treatment, ischemia–reperfusion (IR) injury was induced, and serum creatinine (SCr) and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) levels were measured. Results In this clinical study, the incidence of CPB-AKI was found to be 28% (21/74). The body mass index and estimated glomerular filtration rate were significantly different in patients with AKI. The intensive care unit and hospital stay were longer in AKI patients than in non-AKI patients. The Na, Fe, and Sr levels were significantly higher in AKI patients before CPB. Also, Fe and Sr were higher immediately after CPB withdrawal, and Sr was higher 2 h after CPB withdrawal in AKI patients. Animal studies showed that Sr-treated rats had significantly increased SCr and BUN levels than vehicle-treated rats at 24 h post-IR injury. Conclusions High preoperative serum Sr levels may be associated with CPB-AKI.
PSICHE (NCT05022914) is a prospective trial to test a [^68Ga]Ga- PSMA-11 PET/CT imaging tailored strategy. All evaluable patients had biochemical relapse after surgery and underwent centralized [^68Ga]Ga-PSMA-11 PET/CT imaging. The treatment was performed according pre-defined criteria. Observation and re-staging at further PSA progression were proposed to patients with negative PSMA and previous postoperative RT. Prostate bed SRT was proposed to all patients with a negative staging or positive imaging within prostate bed. Stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) to all sites of disease was used for all patients with pelvic nodal recurrence (nodal disease < 2 cm under aortic bifurcation) or oligometastatic disease. At 3 months after treatment, 54.7% of patients had a complete biochemical response Only 2 patients experienced G2 Genitourinary toxicity. No G2 Gastrointestinal toxicity was recorded. A PSMA targeted treatment strategy led to encouraging results and was well tolerated.
Objectives To systematically investigate the usability of virtual non-contrast reconstructions (VNC) derived from dual-layer CT (DLCT) for detection and size measurements of kidney stones with regards to different degrees of surrounding iodine-induced attenuation and radiation dose. Methods Ninety-two kidney stones of varying size (3–14 mm) and composition were placed in a phantom filled with different contrast media/water mixtures exhibiting specific iodine-induced attenuation (0–1500 HU). DLCT-scans were acquired using CTDI_vol of 2 mGy and 10 mGy. Conventional images (CI) and VNC_0H-1500HU were reconstructed. Reference stone size was determined using a digital caliper (Man-M). Visibility and stone size were assessed. Statistical analysis was performed using the McNemar test, Wilcoxon test, and the coefficient of determination. Results All stones were visible on CI_0HU and VNC_200HU. Starting at VNC_400 HU, the detection rate decreased with increasing HU and was significantly lower as compared to CI_0HU on VNC_≥ 600HU (100.0 vs. 94.0%, p < 0.05). The overall detection rate was higher using 10 mGy as compared to 2 mGy protocol (87.9 vs. 81.8%; p < 0.001). Stone size was significantly overestimated on all VNC compared to Man-M (7.0 ± 3.5 vs. 6.6 ± 2.8 mm, p < 0.001). Again, the 10 mGy protocol tended to show a better correlation with Man-M as compared to 2 mGy protocol ( R ^2 = 0.39–0.68 vs. R ^2 = 0.31–0.57). Conclusions Detection and size measurements of kidney stones surrounded by contrast media on VNC are feasible. The detection rate of kidney stones decreases with increasing iodine-induced attenuation and with decreasing radiation dose as well as stone size, while remaining comparable to CI_0HU on VNC _≤ 400 HU. Key Points • The detection rate of kidney stones on VNC depends on the surrounding iodine-induced attenuation, the used radiation dose, and the stone size. • The detection rate of kidney stones on VNC decreases with greater iodine-induced attenuation and with lower radiation dose, particularly in small stones. • The visibility of kidney stones on VNC _≤ 400 HU remains comparable to true-non-contrast scans even when using a low-dose technique.
Purpose Kidney renal papillary cell carcinoma (KIRP) is a highly heterogeneous malignancy and current systemic therapeutic strategies are difficult to achieve a satisfactory outcome for advanced disease. Meanwhile, there is a lack of effective biomarkers to predict the prognosis of KIRP. Methods Using TCGA, GTEx, UALCAN, TIMER, TIMER 2.0 and STRING databases, we analyzed the relationship of SNHG6 with KIRP subtypes, tumor-infiltrating immune cells and potential target mRNAs. Based on TCGA data, ROC curves, Kaplan–Meier survival analysis and COX regression analysis were performed to evaluate the diagnostic and prognostic value of SNHG6 in KIRP. Nomogram was used to predict 3- and 5-year disease-specific survival in KIRP patients. In addition, with the help of Genetic ontology and Gene set enrichment analysis, the biological processes and signalling pathways that SNHG6 may be involved in KIRP were initially explored. Results In patients with KIRP, SNHG6 was significantly upregulated and associated with a more aggressive subtype (lymph node involvement, pathological stage IV, CIMP phenotype) and poor prognosis. The ROC curve showed good diagnostic efficacy (AUC value: 0.828) and the C-index of the Nomogram for predicting DSS at 3 and 5 years was 0.920 (0.898–0.941). In the immune microenvironment of KIRP, SNHG6 expression levels were negatively correlated with macrophage abundance and positively correlated with cancer-associated fibroblasts. Furthermore, SNHG6 may promote KIRP progression by regulating the expression of molecules such as AURKB, NDC80, UBE2C, NUF2, PTTG1, CENPH, SPC25, CDCA3, CENPM, BIRC5, TROAP, EZH2. Last, GSEA suggests that SNHG6 may be involved in the regulation of the PPAR signalling pathway and the SLIT/ROBO signalling pathway. Conclusions Our analysis suggests that a high SNHG6 expression status in KIRP is associated with a poorer prognosis for patients, and also elucidates some potential mechanisms contributing to this poorer outcome. This may provide new insights into the treatment and management of KIRP in the foreseeable future.
Transthoracic echocardiography is commonly used to identify structural and functional cardiac abnormalities that can be prevalent in childhood chronic kidney failure (KF). Left ventricular mass (LVM) increase is most frequently reported and may persist post-kidney transplant especially with hypertension and obesity. While systolic dysfunction is infrequently seen in childhood chronic KF, systolic strain identified by speckle tracking echocardiography has been frequently identified in dialysis and it can also persist post-transplant. Echocardiogram association with long-term outcomes has not been studied in childhood KF but there are many adult studies demonstrating associations between increased LVM, systolic dysfunction, strain, diastolic dysfunction, and cardiovascular events and mortality. There has been limited study of interventions to improve echocardiogram status. In childhood, improved blood pressure has been associated with better LVM, and conversion from hemodialysis to hemodiafiltration has been associated with better diastolic and systolic function. Whether long-term cardiac outcomes are also improved with these interventions is unclear. Echocardiography is a well-established technique, and regular use in childhood chronic KF seems justified. A case can be made to extend screening to include speckle tracking echocardiography and intradialytic studies in high-risk populations. Further longitudinal studies including these newer echocardiogram modalities, interventions, and long-term outcomes would help clarify recommendations for optimal use as a screening tool.
Aims/hypothesis Whether sodium–glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2is) or glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RAs) are cost-effective based solely on their cardiovascular and kidney benefits is unknown. We projected the health and economic outcomes due to myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, heart failure (HF) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) among people with type 2 diabetes, with and without CVD, under scenarios of widespread use of these drugs. Methods We designed a microsimulation model using real-world data that captured CVD and ESKD morbidity and mortality from 2020 to 2040. The populations and transition probabilities were derived by linking the Australian Diabetes Registry (1.1 million people with type 2 diabetes) to hospital admissions databases, the National Death Index and the ESKD Registry using data from 2010 to 2019. We modelled four interventions: increase in use of SGLT2is or GLP-1 RAs to 75% of the total population with type 2 diabetes, and increase in use of SGLT2is or GLP-1 RAs to 75% of the secondary prevention population (i.e. people with type 2 diabetes and prior CVD). All interventions were compared with current use of SGLT2is (20% of the total population) and GLP-1 RAs (5% of the total population). Outcomes of interest included quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), total costs (from the Australian public healthcare perspective) and the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER). We applied 5% annual discounting for health economic outcomes. The willingness-to-pay threshold was set at AU$28,000 per QALY gained. Results The numbers of QALYs gained from 2020 to 2040 with increased SGLT2i and GLP-1 RA use in the total population ( n =1.1 million in 2020; n =1.5 million in 2040) were 176,446 and 200,932, respectively, compared with current use. Net cost differences were AU$4.2 billion for SGLT2is and AU$20.2 billion for GLP-1 RAs, and the ICERs were AU$23,717 and AU$100,705 per QALY gained, respectively. In the secondary prevention population, the ICERs were AU$8878 for SGLT2is and AU$79,742 for GLP-1 RAs. Conclusions/interpretation At current prices, use of SGLT2is, but not GLP-1 RAs, would be cost-effective when considering only their cardiovascular and kidney disease benefits for people with type 2 diabetes. Graphical abstract 
Introduction Animal experiments have shown that anti-GBM antibodies play a pathogenic role in anti-GBM disease. However, the relationship between anti-GBM antibody levels and kidney outcomes in patients with anti-GBM disease is unclear. Methods We performed a retrospective analysis of 110 patients diagnosed with anti-GBM disease. We compared their baseline characteristics stratifying on different anti-GBM antibody levels, and used Cox regression analysis to analyze the correlation between antibody levels and kidney survival. We further selected 69 patients to evaluate the modification of antibody titers over 14 days of treatment, then compared kidney survival of patients in the group with antibody level decrease < 48% to those with antibody decrease ≥ 48%. Results The 110 patients had a median follow-up of 27.1 (Q1–Q3: 7.9–80.1) months, and among them 90 (81.8%) developed kidney failure. Multivariate analysis suggested that anti-GBM antibody level was an independent risk factor for progression to kidney failure in patients with anti-GBM disease (HR 1.08, 95% CI 1.01–1.16). The patients who reduced the antibodies levels quickly had better kidney survival than those who did not, and multivariate analysis also indicated that antibody decrease rate was related to kidney outcomes. Conclusions Anti-GBM antibody level is closely related to kidney outcomes in patients with anti-GBM disease, and short-term reduction of antibodies can be beneficial to improving kidney outcomes. Graphical abstract 
Background Blood pressure (BP) monitoring following pediatric kidney transplantation is essential for optimizing graft perfusion. Differences between invasive BP and noninvasive BP (NIBP) measurements are sometimes considerable. We aimed to assess agreement between invasive BP and NIBP in pediatric patients after kidney transplantation and compare with measurements obtained by systolic Doppler with manual sphygmomanometer as a reference technique. Methods A prospective, observational cohort study, of children aged 18 years or younger, admitted immediately following kidney transplantation to the pediatric intensive care unit of a tertiary, university-affiliated medical center, between May 2019 and June 2021. Results Eighty-two paired simultaneous measurements of invasive BP, NIBP, and Doppler BP in 18 patients were compared. Patients were significantly hypertensive, with mean systolic NIBP above the 95th percentile (96 ± 6%). Systolic invasive BP measurements were significantly higher than NIBP (149 ± 20 vs. 136 ± 15 mmHg, p < 0.001). Substantial differences (≥ 20 mmHg) were found in 23% (95% CI 15–34%). Similar disagreement was found between systolic invasive and Doppler BP (150 ± 23 and 137 ± 17 mmHg, respectively, p < 0.001). In contrast, systolic NIBP was in good agreement with Doppler BP (135 ± 17 and 138 ± 18, respectively, p = 0.27). A moderate to strong correlation was found between higher systolic invasive BP and the difference to systolic Doppler BP (Spearman's ρ = 0.63, p < 0.001). Conclusions In children immediately following kidney transplantation, clinically significant disagreement was found between invasive and noninvasive BP measurements. Invasive BP values were significantly higher than those obtained by Doppler. Better agreement was found between NIBP and Doppler. These issues should be considered when interpreting BP measurements in this sensitive patient population. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is common after hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) and is associated with poorer outcomes. Risk factors for AKI after pediatric HCT are not fully understood. The study objective was to assess unique risk factors for AKI in the HCT population and evaluate post-HCT AKI patterns. Methods We conducted a retrospective cohort study of patients < 21 years of age who underwent HCT at Seattle Children’s Hospital/Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center from September 2008 to July 2017 ( n  = 484). We defined AKI using KDIGO criteria. We collected demographics, baseline HCT characteristics, post-HCT complications, and mortality. Multinomial logistic regression was used to estimate association between AKI and potential risk factors. We used adjusted Cox proportional hazard ratios to evaluate differences in mortality. Results One hundred and eighty-six patients (38%) developed AKI. Seventy-nine (42%) had severe AKI and 27 (15%) required kidney replacement therapy. Fluid overload was common in all groups and 67% of those with severe AKI had > 10% fluid overload. Nephrology was consulted in less than 50% of those with severe AKI. In multivariable analysis, risk of severe AKI was lower in those taking a calcineurin inhibitor (CNI). Risk of death was higher in severe AKI compared to no AKI (RR 4.6, 95% CI 2.6–8.1). Conclusions AKI and fluid overload are common in pediatric patients after HCT. Severe AKI occurred less often with CNI use and was associated with higher mortality. Future interventions to reduce AKI and its associated complications such as fluid overload are approaches to reducing morbidity and mortality after HCT. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Immunotherapy with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICPi) may cause acute kidney injury (AKI) and their use is increasing. Materials and methods This is a single-center retrospective cohort study of patients receiving ICPi drugs for solid organ malignancies. ICPi-related AKI, the need for renal replacement therapy during or following ICPi treatment, and the associated mortality was studied. Results Two hundred thirty five patients were included in the final analysis. Patients with ( N  = 40) and without ( n  = 195) AKI had similar age, sex, type of ICPi, baseline serum creatinine levels, comorbidities and mortality; while patients with AKI were more likely to be receiving a nephrotoxic agent or be treated for genitourinary malignancy. 18 patients had ICPi-related AKI; 7 of these patients underwent kidney biopsy, which showed acute interstitial nephritis while the remaining 11 were diagnosed on clinical parameters. 18 (45%) patients recovered kidney function after AKI. No differences were observed between patients with and without kidney function recovery, although patients without recovery had a numerical, but not statistically significant, higher mortality. Patients with biopsy-confirmed ICPi-induced AKI had an increased risk of mortality, as compared with the rest of the population—HR 1.83, 95% CI 1.22–2.74, p  = 0.003. Conclusion Use of nephrotoxic drugs and the location of malignancy appear to be common drivers of AKI in patients receiving ICPis for solid organ malignancy. Whether nephrotoxic agents or urinary tract obstruction may favor ICPi-related autoimmunity should be further studied.
Vascular calcification is an abnormal process in which bone specific hydroxyapatite crystals are actively deposited on the vascular wall mediated by phenotypic differentiated smooth muscle cells and other mesenchymal cells under various pathological conditions. It is one of the important characteristics in the occurrence and development of atherosclerosis, prevalent in patients with type 2 diabetes and advanced chronic kidney disease, especially those requiring maintenance hemodialysis, with severely threatening human health. Previous studies have shown that the early diagnosis and control of vascular calcification is of great significance for cardiovascular risk stratification, prevention of acute cardiovascular events, which can greatly improve the prognosis and quality of life of patients. Galectins are a family of lectin superfamily. It is widely distributed in various animals and plays an important role in many physiological and pathological processes, such as cell adhesion, apoptosis, inflammatory response, tumor metastasis and so on. Many biomarker-and association-related studies and Preclinical-mechanistic studies have suggested that galactose-specific lectin-3 (galectin-3) plays an important role in vascular calcification and vascular intimal calcification (VIC) calcification induced by Wnt/βcatenin signaling pathway, NF-κB signaling pathway and ERK1/2 signaling pathway. This paper mainly expounds the role and mechanism of galectin-3 in vascular calcification under different pathological conditions including atherosclerosis, diabetes and chronic kidney disease.
Purpose This study used various diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) models (including monoexponential, biexponential, stretched-exponential and kurtosis models) in renal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to compare whether there were differences in each diffusion parameter between patients with primary aldosteronism (PA) and healthy volunteers. Materials and methods Twenty-two (female:male, 14:8; age, 48 ± 10 years) patients with PA and 22 age- and sex-matched healthy controls (HCs) underwent MRI examinations of the kidneys. The independent-sample t test or the Mann‒Whitney U test was used to detect differences in the diffusion metrics of the kidneys between the two groups. Univariable and multivariable linear regression were applied to analyze the correlations between diffusion parameters and the clinical indicators. Results The mean diffusivity (MD, p  < 0.001) and radial diffusivity (Dr, p  < 0.001) values in the medulla were lower in the PA group than in the HC group. The medullary fractional anisotropy (FA, p  < 0.001) was higher than that of HCs. The FA ( p  < 0.001) and axial diffusivity (Da, p  < 0.001) values in the cortex were lower in the PA group. The cortical α (anomalous exponent term, p  = 0.016) was higher in the PA patients than in the HCs. Linear regression analysis showed that log(plasma aldosterone concentration) and the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were correlated with medullary FA. Conclusion The stretched-exponential model (cortical α) and the kurtosis model (FA, MD and Dr in the medulla and FA and Da in the cortex) showed significant differences between PA patients and healthy volunteers and may have potential for noninvasive renal assessment in PA patients. Graphical abstract 
Kefir is a probiotic mixture with anxiolytic and antioxidant properties. Chronic stress can lead to anxiety disorders and increase oxidative damage in organs such as the heart and kidney. In this study, we examined whether kefir ameliorates the anxiety-like behavior of mice submitted to chronic unpredictable stress (CUS) by modulating brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and corticosterone levels and whether kefir modifies the oxidative parameters in the heart and kidney of mice. Male Swiss mice received kefir (0.3 mL/100 g/day) or milk for 30 days (gavage). On the 10th day, the mice were submitted to CUS. Behavioral analysis was performed using the elevated plus maze and forced swimming tests. BDNF levels were analyzed in brain tissues. Heart and kidney superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase, glutathione (GSH), thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), 3-nitrotyrosine, metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2), and plasma corticosterone were evaluated. Kefir reverted the CUS-induced decrease in the time spent in the open arms, the increase in grooming frequency, and decrease in the head dipping frequency, but not the reduced immobility time. CUS decreased the cerebellum BDNF levels and increased corticosterone levels, which were restored by Kefir. Neither catalase and SOD activities nor GSH, TBARS, 3-nitrotyrosine, and MMP-2 were modified by CUS in the heart. In the kidney, CUS increased 3-nitrotyrosine and MMP-2. Kefir increased the antioxidant defense in the heart and kidney of control and CUS mice. These results suggest that kefir ameliorated CUS-induced anxiety-like behavior by modulating brain BDNF and corticosterone levels. Kefir also increased the antioxidant defense of mice heart and kidney.
The present study reports the comparative pharmacokinetic profiles of florfenicol and its metabolite (florfenicol amine, FFA) in Trachinotus blochii under tropical marine conditions (salinity: 35 ± 1.4‰; temperature: 28.8 ± 0.54 °C) following a single in-feed oral administration of the recommended dose (15 mg/Kg). Furthermore, the study investigated the distribution of these two compounds in nine different tissues. The maximum florfenicol concentrations ( C _max) in plasma and tissues were observed within five hours ( T _max), except for bile. The C _max ranged from 572 to 1954 ng/g or ml and was in the intestine > bile > muscle + skin > liver > gill = heart > plasma > kidney = spleen. The elimination half-life of FFC was significantly slower in the bile (38.25 ± 4.46 h). The AUC tissue/plasma was highest for bile (3.77 ± 0.22), followed by intestine > muscle + skin > heart > liver > kidney = gill = spleen. T _max and t _1/2β were slower, and C _max was lower for FFA than florfenicol in all tissues except C _max of the kidney and bile. FFA t _1/2β was exceptionally slower in the kidney (46.01 ± 8.2 h). Interestingly, reaching an apparent distribution rate of > 0.5 was comparatively faster in the kidney, liver, and gills than in other tissues. The highest apparent metabolic rate was in the kidney (0.95 ± 0.01) and the lowest in plasma (0.41 ± 0.01). The generated data can be applied for formulating efficient therapeutic protocols in T. blochii , a promising mariculture species. Graphical Abstract 
Background Disparities in pediatric kidney transplantation (KT) result in reduced access and worse outcomes for minority children. We assessed the impact of recent systems changes on these disparities. Methods This is a retrospective cohort study of pediatric patients utilizing data from the US Renal Data System ( n  = 7547) and Scientific Registry of Transplant Recipients ( n  = 6567 waitlisted and n  = 6848 transplanted patients). We compared access to transplantation, time to deceased donor kidney transplant (DDKT), and allograft failure (ACGF) in the 5 years preceding implementation of the Kidney Allocation System (KAS) to the 5 years post-KAS implementation 2010–2014 vs. 2015–2019, respectively. Results Compared to the pre-KAS era, post-KAS candidates were more likely to be pre-emptively listed (26.8% vs. 38.1%, p  < 0.001), pre-emptively transplanted (23.8% vs. 28.0%, p  < 0.001), and less likely to have private insurance (35.6% vs. 32.3%, p  = 0.01), but these were not uniform across racial groups. Compared to white children, Black and Hispanic children had a lower likelihood of transplant listing within 2 years of first dialysis service (aHR _0.590.67_0.76 and _0.730.82_0.92, respectively) in the post-KAS era. Time to DDKT was comparable across all racial groups in the post-KAS era. Compared to white children, Black DDKT recipients have more 5-year ACGF (aHR _1.001.43_2.06 p  = 0.05) while there was no difference in 3- or 5-year ACGF among LDKT recipients. Conclusions After KAS implementation, there is equity in time to DDKT. Pre-KAS increased hazard of ACGF among Black children has decreased in the post-KAS era; however, persistent disparities exist in time to transplant listing among Black and Hispanic children when compared to white children. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Introduction Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been associated with accelerated retinal neurodegeneration. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the association between retinal neurodegeneration and the best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) decline in patients with CKD. Methods Post hoc analysis of two prospective studies. Patients with CKD stage ≥ 3 were enrolled. Macular thickness, peripapillary retinal nerve fiber layer (pRNFL) thickness, and macular ganglion cell complex (GCC) thickness were measured by optical coherence tomography. Eyes were classified into three groups: Group 1, no GCC defect; Group 2, GCC defect confined to parafoveal area; and Group 3, GCC defects extending beyond the parafoveal area. Each group was matched for age, sex, axial length, lens status, and cataract grading. Results A total of 120 eyes (40 eyes in each group) from 120 patients (age 63.0 ± 10.3 years) were included. The logMAR BCVA was 0.076 ± 0.101, 0.100 ± 0.127, and 0.196 ± 0.191 in Group 1, 2, and 3, respectively. Group 3, but not Group 2, had a significantly worse BCVA than Group 1. In simple linear regression, parafoveal inner retinal thickness, pRNFL thickness, presence of pRNFL defect, GCC thickness, GCC global loss volume, GCC focal loss volume, and GCC defect extending beyond parafoveal area were associated with BCVA. Central subfield retinal thickness (CRT), parafoveal full retinal thickness, and parafoveal outer retinal thickness were not associated with BCVA. In backward stepwise linear regression, age and GCC defects extending beyond the parafoveal area were factors associated with BCVA. Moreover, GCC defect extending beyond parafoveal area was connected with worse BCVA in both phakic and pseudophakic subgroups. Conclusions GCC defect extending beyond parafoveal area could be an independent biomarker associated with decreased BCVA in patients with CKD. However, macular thinning measured by CRT or parafoveal full retinal thickness might have low discriminative power in determining BCVA.
Global estimates exhibit that one million people have end-stage renal disease, a disease-state characterized by irreversible loss of kidney structure and function, thus necessitating renal replacement therapy. The disease-state, oxidative stress, inflammatory responses, as well as the treatment procedure can have damaging effects on the genetic material. Therefore, the present study was carried out to investigate DNA damage (basal and oxidative) using the comet assay in peripheral blood leukocytes of patients ( n  = 200) with stage V Chronic Kidney Disease (on dialysis and those recommended but yet to initiate dialysis) and compare it to that in controls ( n  = 210). Basal DNA damage was significantly elevated (1.13x, p  ≤ 0.001) in patients (46.23 ± 0.58% DNA in tail) compared to controls (40.85 ± 0.61% DNA in tail). Oxidative DNA damage was also significantly ( p  ≤ 0.001) higher in patients (9.18 ± 0.49 vs. 2.59 ± 0.19% tail DNA) compared to controls. Twice-a-week dialysis regimen patients had significantly elevated % tail DNA and Damage Index compared to the non-dialyzed and to the once-a-week dialysis group implying dialysis- induced mechanical stress and blood–dialyzer membrane interactions as probable contributors to elevated DNA damage. The present study with a statistically significant power implies higher disease-associated as well as maintenance therapy (hemodialysis)-induced basal and oxidatively damaged DNA, which if not repaired has the potential to initiate carcinogenesis. These findings mark the need for improvement and development of interventional therapies for delaying disease progression and associated co-morbidities so as to improve life expectancy of patients with kidney disease.
Objective To investigate the factors related to renal impairment in patients with diabetic kidney disease (DKD) from the perspective of integrated Chinese and Western medicine. Methods Totally 492 patients with DKD in 8 Chinese hospitals from October 2017 to July 2019 were included. According to Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) staging guidelines, patients were divided into a chronic kidney disease (CKD) 1–3 group and a CKD 4–5 group. Clinical data were collected, and logistic regression was used to analyze the factors related to different CKD stages in DKD patients. Results Demographically, male was a factor related to increased CKD staging in patients with DKD (OR=3.100, P =0.002). In clinical characteristics, course of diabetes >60 months (OR=3.562, P =0.010), anemia (OR=4.176, P <0.001), hyperuricemia (OR=3.352, P <0.001), massive albuminuria (OR=4.058, P =0.002), atherosclerosis (OR=2.153, P =0.007) and blood deficiency syndrome (OR=1.945, P =0.020) were factors related to increased CKD staging in patients with DKD. Conclusions Male, course of diabetes >60 months, anemia, hyperuricemia, massive proteinuria, atherosclerosis, and blood deficiency syndrome might indicate more severe degree of renal function damage in patients with DKD. (Registration No. NCT03865914)
Background The aim of this study was to investigate the role of urine-derived extracellular vesicles (uEVs) in diabetic kidney disease (DKD) in patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods UEVs were characterized by size distribution and microRNA content by next-generation small RNA sequencing and quantitative reverse transcription PCR. Results A subset of sixteen miRNAs enriched in T2DM patients with DKD, including hsa-miR-514a-5p, hsa-miR‑451a, hsa-miR-126-3p, hsa-miR-214, or hsa-miR‑503 was identified. Eight miRNAs as hsa-miR-21-3p, hsa-miR-4792, hsa-miR‑375, hsa-miR-1268a, hsa-miR-501-5p, or hsa-miR-582 were downregulated. Prediction of potential target genes and pathway enrichment analysis of the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) confirmed possible functions related to cellular processes such as apoptosis, inflammation, and tissue remodeling, that promote diabetic complications, such as DKD. Among them, hsa-miR-375, hsa-miR-503, and hsa-miR-451a make important contribution. Additionally, downregulated hsa-miR-582-5p has not been reported so far in any diabetes-related pathways. Conclusions This study revealed the most significant miRNAs in uEVs of patients with T2DM. However, as this is a bioinformatic prediction that we performed based on the putative targets of the identified miRNAs. Thus, further in vitro functional studies are needed to confirm our findings. Knowing the fact that EVs are crucial in transferring miRNAs, there is a great need toto discover their involvement in the pathomechanism of T2DM-related kidney disease.
Background Magnesium deficiency is common in patients with chronic kidney diseases (CKD) due to restricted magnesium intake and impaired magnesium reabsorption. Based on pathophysiological risk factors influencing kidney magnesium reabsorption, a magnesium depletion score (MDS) was developed. Using MDS as a novel indicator for assessing body magnesium status, we hypothesized that it was associated with clinical prognosis. Methods We conducted a prospective population-based cohort study using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999–2014 to explore the impact of MDS on the clinical outcomes of CKD patients. Propensity score-matched analyses were conducted to increase comparability. The primary outcome was all-cause mortality, and the secondary outcomes were cardiovascular-cause and cancer-cause mortality. Results After propensity score matching, 3294 CKD patients were divided into 2 groups: MDS ≤ 2 ( N  = 1647), and MDS > 2 ( N  = 1647). During a median follow-up of 75 months, Kaplan–Meier analyses showed that MDS > 2 was associated with worse 5- and 10-year overall survival (78.5% vs 73.4%; 53.1% vs 43.1%, P  < 0.001). After adjusting for confounding variables, MDS was found to be an independent risk factor for all-cause mortality (HR:1.34, 95% CI 1.20–1.50, P  < 0.001). MDS > 2 was also associated with higher cardiovascular-cause mortality (16.2% VS 11.6%, P = 0.005). Multivariate competing risk analysis revealed that MDS > 2 was an independent risk factor (HR: 1.33, 95% CI 1.06–1.66, P  = 0.012). Subgroup analyses reported that MDS > 2 increased all-cause mortality and cardiovascular-cause mortality only in patients with inadequate magnesium intake ( P  < 0.001, P  < 0.001) but not in those with adequate intake ( P  = 0.068, P  = 0.920). Conclusions A magnesium depletion score > 2 was independently associated with higher long-term cardiovascular-cause and all-cause mortality in CKD patients. Graphical Abstract 
Background The incidence of acute kidney injury in pregnancy (P-AKI) is rising and is associated with detrimental maternal and foetal outcomes. Ethnic disparities in pregnancy outcomes are well recognized, with females who identify as Black or Asian being more likely to die during pregnancy compared to females who identify as White ethnicity. Methods This study reports rates of P-AKI and associated risk factors in pregnant females of different ethnicities. All pregnancies were recorded between 2016 and 2020. AKI episodes were identified using electronic alerts. Ethnicity, AKI stage (1–3), obstetric outcomes and risk factors for P-AKI (chronic hypertension, pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia, and haemorrhage) were assessed. Results There were 649 P-AKI episodes from 16,943 deliveries (3.8%). Black females were more likely to have P-AKI (5.72%) compared to those who were White (3.12%), Asian (3.74%), mixed ethnicity (2.89%) and Other/Not Stated (3.10%). Black females, compared to White females, were at greater risk of developing P-AKI if they had haemorrhage requiring blood transfusion (OR 2.44, 95% CI 1.31,4.54; p  < 0.001) or pregnancy-induced hypertension (OR 1.79, 95% CI 1.12, 2.86; p  < 0.001). After adjusting for risk factors, Black females had increased risk of developing P-AKI (OR 1.52, 95% CI 1.22, 1.80; p  < 0.001) compared to White females. Black females were at increased risk of developing P-AKI compared to White females. Mode of delivery, pregnancy-induced hypertension and haemorrhage are likely to have contributed. The increased risk persists despite accounting for these variables, suggesting that other factors such as socioeconomic disparities need to be considered. Conclusions The incidence of P-AKI is likely higher than previously stated in the literature. However, caution must be exercised, particularly with AKI stage 1, as the KDIGO system is not validated in pregnancy and gestational changes in renal physiology need to be considered. Pregnancy-specific AKI definitions are needed. Graphical abstract 
Purpose The aim of this review is to highlight the unique factors that predispose geriatric patients to nephrolithiasis and to compare the utility and efficacy of surgical techniques in this specific patient population. Methods PubMed and EMBASE databases were reviewed, and studies were organized according to surgical treatments. Results Few prospective studies exist comparing kidney stone removal in the elderly to younger cohorts. In addition, various age cut-offs were used to determine who was considered elderly. Most studies which analyzed Percutaneous Nephrolithotomy (PCNL) found a slightly higher rate of minor complications but comparable stone free rate and operative time. For ureteroscopy (URS) and extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy (ESWL), there were minimal complications observed and no difference in clinical success in the elderly. All surgical techniques were presumed to be safe in the elderly and most found no difference in stone-free rates. Conclusions Unique attributes of the geriatric population contribute to stone formation and must be considered when determining appropriate management modalities. This review provides an overview of the utility and efficacy of PCNL, URS and ESWL in the elderly, as well as a porposed algorithm for management in this population.
Purpose This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the association between intraoperative oliguria and the risk of postoperative acute kidney injury (AKI) in patients undergoing non-cardiac surgery. Methods The MEDLINE and EMBASE databases were searched up to August 2022 for studies in adult patients undergoing non-cardiac surgery, where the association between intraoperative urine output and the risk of postoperative AKI was assessed. Both randomised and non-randomised studies were eligible for inclusion. Study selection and risk of bias assessment were independently performed by two investigators. The risk of bias was evaluated using the Newcastle–Ottawa scale. We performed meta-analysis of the reported multivariate adjusted odds ratios for the association between intraoperative oliguria (defined as urine output < 0.5 mL/kg/hr) and the risk of postoperative AKI using the inverse-variance method with random effects models. We conducted sensitivity analyses using varying definitions of oliguria as well as by pooling unadjusted odds ratios to establish the robustness of the primary meta-analysis. We also conducted subgroup analyses according to surgery type and definition of AKI to explore potential sources of clinical or methodological heterogeneity. Results Eleven studies (total 49,252 patients from 11 observational studies including a post hoc analysis of a randomised controlled trial) met the selection criteria. Seven of these studies contributed data from a total 17,148 patients to the primary meta-analysis. Intraoperative oliguria was associated with a significantly elevated risk of postoperative AKI (pooled adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.74; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.36–2.23, p  < 0.0001, 8 studies). Sensitivity analyses supported the robustness of the primary meta-analysis. There was no evidence of any significant subgroup differences according to surgery type or definition of AKI. Conclusions This study demonstrated a significant association between intraoperative oliguria and the risk of postoperative AKI, regardless of the definitions of oliguria or AKI used. Further prospective and multi-centre studies using standardised definitions of intraoperative oliguria are required to define the thresholds of oliguria and establish strategies to minimise the risk of AKI.
Introduction This study was conducted to elucidate the safety of roxadustat, an oral medication, in patients with non-dialysis-dependent (NDD) or incident dialysis dialysis-dependent (ID-DD) chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods Safety results from four phase 3, randomized, open-label studies comparing roxadustat to an erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) in men and women with NDD or ID-DD CKD with anemia were pooled and evaluated. Endpoints were time to major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE; myocardial infarction, stroke, and all-cause mortality) and MACE+ (MACE plus congestive heart failure or unstable angina requiring hospitalization), all-cause mortality, and treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). MACE and MACE+ were evaluated for non-inferiority at 1.8- and 1.3-margins using hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). TEAEs were descriptively summarized. Results In total, 2142 patients were evaluated (1083 roxadustat; 1059 ESA). Roxadustat was comparable to ESA for risk of MACE (HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.61–1.02), MACE+ (HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.62–0.98), and all-cause mortality (HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.57–1.05). TEAEs were comparable between roxadustat and ESA groups, including any TEAE [incidence rate per 100 (IR/100) patient-exposure years 56.1 vs. 53.5], TEAEs leading to study drug discontinuation (IR/100 patient-exposure years 6.7 vs. 5.1), and TEAEs leading to death (IR/100 patient-exposure years 6.9 vs. 7.4). Conclusion There was no evidence of increased risk of cardiovascular events or mortality with roxadustat compared with ESA in patients with anemia who have NDD or ID-DD CKD. Although TEAEs occurred commonly in both the roxadustat and ESA groups, patients infrequently discontinued the study drug because of an adverse event. Clinical Trial Registration Numbers DOLOMITES, 1517-CL-0610 [NCT02021318]; HIMALAYAS, FGCL-4592-063 [NCT02052310]; SIERRAS, FGCL-4592-064 [NCT02273726]; and ROCKIES, D5740C00002 [NCT02174731].
Background The relationship between self-rated health (SRH) and the development of incident chronic kidney disease (CKD) has not been explored in the general population. Methods We reviewed the data of 7027 participants in the Ansung-Ansan cohort study. SRH was categorized as poor, fair, or good, and the outcome was the development of CKD, defined as the first event of an estimated glomerular filtration rate < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2, at least twice during the follow-up period. Hazard ratios (HRs) and confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using Cox proportional hazards regression analysis. Results Over a mean follow-up duration of 11.9 years, 951 participants (13.5%) developed CKD. Compared with poor self-rated health, the HR (95% CI) of fair self-rated health for incident CKD development was 0.771 (0.657–0.905; P  = 0.001), whereas that of good self-rated health was 0.795 (0.676–0.935; P  = 0.006). However, the renal hazard of good self-rated health did not differ from that of fair self-rated health. In the fully adjusted model, the HR (95% CI) of poor self-rated health compared to non-poor self-rated health for incident CKD was 1.278 (1.114–1.465, P  < 0.001). Old age, smoking, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension, impaired sleep, and high levels of C-reactive protein and white blood cell counts were associated with increased odds of poor self-rated health, whereas male sex, college graduate level of education, and alcohol consumption were associated with decreased odds of poor self-rated health. Conclusion Poor self-rated health is independently associated with CKD development. Therefore, the early detection of potential CKD patients through a brief questionnaire assessment may help control the incidence of CKD.
Background Lupus low disease activity state (LLDAS) is a treatment target for patients with SLE and is associated with decreased risk for severe flare and new damage. We investigated the utility of the achievement of LLDAS in children with lupus nephritis and whether attainment of LLDAS is associated with more favorable outcomes. Methods Data of children, diagnosed with biopsy-proven lupus nephritis between January 2012 and December 2020, were retrospectively analyzed. Results For patients who did not achieve LLDAS after initial treatment (first 6 months), presence of autoimmune hemolytic anemia (62% vs. 18%, p  = 0.047), anti-Sm (85% vs. 18%, p  = 0.003) and anti-dsDNA (77% vs. 27%, p  = 0.038) antibodies, proliferative lupus nephritis (77% vs. 27%, p  = 0.038), and hypertension (69% vs. 9%, p  = 0.005) at onset were more frequently encountered. Also, a lower rate of complete kidney response (43% vs. 100%, p  = 0.005) and a higher rate of hypertension (86% vs. 13%, p  = 0.002) were observed in patients who did not achieve LLDAS-50, defined as being in LLDAS at least 50% of the observation time. Attainment of both LLDAS after initial treatment and LLDAS-50 were associated with lower rates of kidney flare ( p  = 0.001 and p  = 0.002, respectively) and damage accrual ( p  = 0.007 and p  = 0.02, respectively) through the observation period. Conclusions LLDAS is an attainable treatment target for children with lupus nephritis and associated with lower rates of kidney flare and damage. Presence of hematologic involvement, hypertension, and proliferative lupus nephritis at onset adversely influenced the early achievement of LLDAS. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose Decreased quality of life, anxiety, depression, and other negative psychosocial factors in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) may lead to the patient’s attitudes that reduce treatment effectiveness. We aimed to evaluate the relationship between the depression, anxiety, perceived social support, genetic psychosocial risk and quality of life levels, and chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage in ADPKD and to investigate the relationship between these variables/parameters and the dietary compliance that is an essential factor in the course of the disease. Methods 100 ADPKD patients were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. EuroQol-5D-3L (EQ-5D-3L) health-related quality of life ındex, EuroQol-5D-3L visual analog scale (EQ-5D-3L VAS), multidimensional scale of perceived social support (MSPSS), patient health questionnaire (PHQ)-9, and genetic psychosocial risk ınstrument (GPRI) were applied to the patients. Results There is a relationship with negative regression coefficient between the CKD stage and the total scores of the EQ-5D-3L and EQ-5D-3L VAS scales ( p  < 0.000 and β  =  − 5.355, p  < 0.000, and β  =  − 8.394, respectively). There is a relationship with positive regression coefficient between the CKD stage and MSPSS total score and level ( p  < 0.000 and β  = 0.364, p  < 0.000 and β  = 0.331, respectively). There is no relationship between the CKD stage and GPRI total score ( p  = 0.800). In addition, there is a relationship with positive regression coefficient between the dietary compliance and EQ-5D and EQ-5D VAS total scores ( p  = 0.006 and β  = 2.687, p  = 0.004 and β  = 3.148, respectively). There is a relationship with negative regression coefficient between the dietary adherence and PHQ-9 total score and CKD stage ( p  = 0.003, p  = 0.006, and β  =  − 0.692, respectively). Conclusion As the CKD stage increases in the ADPKD patients, the quality of life decreases, whereas the level of anxiety and depression increases. It has been seen that the ADPKD patients with more depressive complaints have less dietary compliance. In this particular patient group, the early detection and treatment of psychosocial difficulties and the work to improve the quality of life that affect the course of the ADPKD may be as important as the medical treatment. To determine the needs of ADPKD patients with multiple physical and psychosocial difficulties and to perform appropriate interventions, we think that there is a necessity for a specific scale that evaluates these effective components together in the ADPKD process.
Little is known about the relationship between blood pressure (BP) and incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in people with proteinuria and a preserved estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). This study sought to investigate the association of BP with CVD risk in adults with proteinuria and preserved eGFR. We studied 188,837 individuals with proteinuria and preserved eGFR ≥60 mL/min/1.73 m^2. We categorized individuals who were not taking BP-lowering medications into four groups based on the 2017 American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association BP guideline and categorized those who were taking BP-lowering medications using the same BP ranges. The primary outcome was a composite CVD endpoint that included myocardial infarction, angina pectoris, stroke, and heart failure. Over a mean follow-up of 1,050 days, 7,039 CVD events were identified. Compared with normal BP, stage 1 hypertension (hazard ratio [HR]: 1.30, 95% confidence interval [95% CI]: 1.21–1.40) and stage 2 hypertension (HR: 2.17, 95% CI: 2.01–2.34) were associated with an increased risk for CVD events among medication-naïve individuals. Only stage 2 hypertension range (HR: 1.19, 95% CI: 1.02–1.38) was associated with an increased CVD event risk among people taking BP-lowering medications. Restricted cubic spline analysis showed that the risk of CVD events increased monotonically with BP at an SBP/DBP > 120/80 mmHg among medication-naïve individuals, but risk increased only at an SBP/DBP > 140/90 mmHg among individuals taking BP-lowering medications. In conclusion, among people with proteinuria and preserved eGFR, stage 1 and stage 2 hypertension were associated with a greater risk of CVD among medication-naïve individuals, whereas only stage 2 hypertension was associated with an increased CVD risk among those taking BP-lowering medications.
Purpose of Review Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy success rates depend on several stone and patient-related factors, one of which is stone density which is calculated on computed tomography scan in Hounsfield Units. Studies have shown inverse correlation between SWL success and HU; however, there remains considerable variation between studies. We performed a systematic review regarding the use of HU in SWL for renal calculi to consolidate the current evidence and address current knowledge gaps. Recent Findings Database including MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Scopus were searched from inception through August 2022. Studies in English language analysing stone density/attenuation in adult patients undergoing SWL for renal calculi were included for assessment of Shockwave lithotripsy outcomes, use of stone attenuation to predict success, use of mean and peak stone density and Hounsfield unit density, determination of optimum cut-off values, nomograms/scoring systems, and assessment of stone heterogeneity. 28 studies with a total of 4,206 patients were included in this systematic review with sample size ranging from 30 to 385 patients. Male to female ratio was 1.8, with an average age of 46.3 years. Mean overall ESWL success was 66.5%. Stone size ranged from 4 to 30 mm in diameter. Mean stone density was used by two-third of the studies to predict the appropriate cut-off for SWL success, ranging from 750 to 1000 HU. Additional factors such as peak HU and stone heterogeneity index were also evaluated with variable results. Stone heterogeneity index was considered a better indicator for success in larger stones (cut-off value of 213) and predicting SWL stone clearance in one session. Prediction scores had been attempted, with researchers looking into combining stone density with other factors such as skin to stone distance, stone volume, and differing heterogeneity indices with variable results. Summary Numerous studies demonstrate a link between shockwave lithotripsy outcomes and stone density. Hounsfield unit < 750 has been found to be associated with shockwave lithotripsy success, with likelihood of failure strongly associated with values over 1000. Prospective standardisation of Hounsfield unit measurement and predictive algorithm for shockwave lithotripsy outcome should be considered to strengthen future evidence and help clinicians in the decision making. Trial Registration International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO) database: CRD42020224647
Purpose To systematically review studies focused on screening programs for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and provide an exhaustive overview on their clinical impact, potential benefits, and harms. Methods A systematic review of the recent English-language literature was conducted according to the European Association of Urology guidelines and the PRISMA statement recommendations (PROSPERO ID: CRD42021283136) using the MEDLINE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases. Risk-of-bias assessment was performed according to the QUality In Prognosis Studies (QUIPS) tool. Results Overall, nine studies and one clinical trials were included. Eight studies reported results from RCC screening programs involving a total of 159 136 patients and four studies reported screening cost-analysis. The prevalence of RCC ranged between 0.02 and 0.22% and it was associated with the socio-demographic characteristics of the subjects; selection of the target population decreased, overall, the screening cost per diagnosis. Conclusions Despite an increasing interest in RCC screening programs from patients and clinicians there is a relative lack of studies reporting the efficacy, cost-effectiveness, and the optimal modality for RCC screening. Targeting high-risk individuals and/or combining detection of RCC with other health checks represent pragmatic options to improve the cost-effectiveness and reduce the potential harms of RCC screening.
Objective Pyogenic spondylodiscitis is a severe medical condition, often requiring surgical intervention. Numerous risk factors are known, such as obesity, neurological impairment and old age. In-hospital mortality remains high, therefore other factors may be contributing to the increased mortality. To evaluate kidney function as a risk factor for increased morbidity of pyogenic spondylodiscitis, the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was correlated with the patients' clinical course. Materials and methods We retrospectively reviewed the cases of 366 patients and 255 were included for analysis. Clinical, laboratory and surgical data were recorded with a minimum follow-up of three months. For clinical outcome measurement, mortality, length of stay and perioperative complications were analysed. Results The study included 255 patients (173 men, 82 women; mean age 66.3 years). Patients with a GFR < 59 mL/min spent an average of 5 days longer in the hospital than those with a GFR ≥ 60 mL/min ( p  = 0.071). The mortality rate increased significantly with a decrease in GFR: A GFR of 30–59 mL/min had a mortality rate of 17.6%, whereas a GFR of < 29 mL/min had one of 30.4% ( p  = 0.003). Patients with impaired GFR showed an increased rate of postoperative complications (OR 4.7 p  = 0.002) and higher rate of intensive care unit (ICU) stay (OR 8.7 p  =  < 0.001). Discussion Preoperative GFR values showed a significant correlation with in-hospital mortality in patients with spondylodiscitis, when graded according to the KDIGO stages. Furthermore, a GFR of < 29 ml/mL contributes to a longer ICU stay, postoperative complications and a longer total hospital stay. Therefore, the preoperative GFR could be a marker of kidney function and as a valuable predictive risk factor regarding the clinical in-hospital course of patients suffering from pyogenic spondylodiscitis.
Purpose 3D virtual models (3DVMs) are nowadays under scrutiny to improve partial nephrectomy (PN) outcomes. Five different Trifecta definitions have been proposed to optimize the framing of “success” in the PN field. Our aim is to analyze if the use of 3DVMs could impact the success rate of minimally invasive PN (mi-PN), according to the currently available definitions of Trifecta. Materials and methods At our Institution 250 cT1-2N0M0 renal masses patients treated with mi-PN were prospectively enrolled. Inclusion criteria were the availability of contrast-enhanced CT, baseline and postoperative serum creatinine, and eGFR. These patients were then compared with a control group of 710 patients who underwent mi-PN with the same renal function assessments, but without 3DVMs. Multivariable logistic regression (MLR) models were used to predict the trifecta achievement according to the different trifecta definitions. Results Among the definitions, Trifecta rates ranged between 70.8% to 97.4% in the 3DVM group vs. 56.8% to 92.8% in the control group (all p values < 0.05). 3DVMs showed better postoperative outcomes in terms of ΔeGFR, ( – 16.6% vs.  – 2.7%, p  = 0.03), postoperative complications (15%, vs 22.9%, p  = 0.002) and major complications (Clavien Dindo > 3, 2.8% vs 5.6%, p  = 0.03). At MLR 3DVMs assistance independently predicted higher rates of successful PN across all the available definitions of Trifecta (OR: 2.7 p  < 0.001, OR:2.0 p  = 0.0008, OR:2.8 p  = 0.02, OR 2.0 p  = 0.003). Conclusions The 3DVMs availability was found to be the constant predictive factor of successful PN, with a twofold higher probability of achieving Trifecta regardless of the different definitions available in Literature.
Background No studies have been published on the correlation between lactic dehydrogenase-to-albumin ratio (LAR) and poor prognosis of acute kidney injury (AKI) patients, warranting further research. This analysis sought to investigate the prognostic implication of LAR in critically ill patients with AKI. Methods The present study enrolled 11,046 and 5180 adults with AKI from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care III (MIMIC III) and MIMIC IV, respectively. Data from MIMIC IV were identified as the training cohort, and those from MIMIC III were identified as the validation cohort. We applied multivariate regression analysis to identify the link between LAR and all-cause mortality. Restricted cubic spline (RCS) was conducted to figure out the correlation between LAR and in-hospital mortality. Furthermore, we carried out stratification analyses to examine if the effects of LAR on in-hospital mortality were consistent across various subclasses. Results The level of LAR was remarkably higher in the in-hospital non-survivor group ( p  < 0.001). Furthermore, the increased LAR group presented a remarkably higher rate of in-hospital mortality at AKI stages 1, 2, and 3 compared with the decreased LAR group (all p  < 0.001). Multivariate regression analyses exhibited the independent prognostic significance of LAR for all-cause mortality (all p  < 0.001). MIMIC III observed concordant results. RCS indicated a non-linear correlation between LAR and in-hospital death ( P for non-linearity < 0.001). The relationship between LAR and in-hospital mortality was still significant in patients with various subclasses. Conclusions Elevated LAR at admission is a prognostic risk factor for critically ill patients with AKI.
Background Severe acute kidney injury (AKI) requiring urgent hemodialysis (uHD) is associated with considerable morbidity and mortality in patients with multiple myeloma (MM). Purpose To evaluate the renal function, outcome, and survival status of patients with MM who received uHD and to compare their overall survival with MM patients who did not receive uHD. Materials and methods A total of 70 eligible MM patients who received uHD were included together with 70 control patients with MM. Results In the study group, 11 patients (15.7%) were known to have pre-existing chronic kidney disease. Thirty-four percent of the study group had AKI requiring uHD at MM diagnosis. Seventy-eight percent of the study group had severe AKI due to myeloma kidney. Renal function recovered in 36 patients (51.4%). Patients with MM who became hemodialysis dependent had significantly higher serum creatinine (sCr) levels at the time of AKI compared to patients with renal recovery ( p  < 0.05). Logistic regression analysis showed that high sCr on admission was significantly associated with hemodialysis dependence (odds ratio 0.78; 95% CI: 0.63–0.96; p  = 0.018). The median overall survival was 30 months [IQR: 26] in the study group and 84 months [IQR: 96.25] in the control group ( p  < 0.05). Cox regression analysis showed that the need for uHD at initial MM diagnosis was associated with reduced survival (hazard ratio (HR) 1.9; 95% CI: 1.1–3.2; p  = 0.017). Renal recovery did not provide a survival benefit. Conclusion The need for uHD was associated with poor survival. Recovery of renal function was not associated with improved survival.
Background Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) has been associated with changes in kidney anatomy, nephrogenesis and the vascular system, resulting in secondary arterial hypertension and kidney damage in adulthood. Here, we compare routine clinical and metabolic parameters between IUGR and non-IUGR study participants in the neonatal and early infant period. Methods A total of 39 IUGR and 60 non-IUGR neonates were included during an 18-month study period. We compared blood pressure, serum creatinine (SCr), urea nitrogen (BUN), urinary albumin, α-1-microglobulin, transferrin, immunoglobulin G and total protein excretion in spontaneous urine normalized by urine creatinine level during the hospital stay. Results There were no significant differences in mean values of blood pressure and urinary protein excretion between cases and controls. SCr and BUN levels were lower in the IUGR group compared to the non-IUGR group. Conclusions The lower levels of SCr and BUN may be attributed to lower liver and muscle mass in IUGR neonates and young infants. Biomarkers currently used in routine clinical care do not allow early postnatal prediction of higher blood pressure or worse kidney function due to IUGR, so further studies are needed. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
The association between dietary selenium intake and kidney stones remains unclear. The purpose of this study was to explore the correlation between dietary selenium intake and kidney stones in older adults. A total of 6669 adults aged ≥ 60 years who had participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) during 2011–2018 were enrolled in the current study. The correlation between dietary selenium intake and kidney stones was assessed by the logistic regression analysis. Smooth curve fitting was used to explore the potential non-linear relationship and subgroup analyses were further adopted. After adjustment for multiple confounding factors, the odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) of kidney stones for per standard deviation increment in dietary selenium intake was 0.92 (0.85, 1.00) overall. Compared with the lowest quartile, the ORs (95% CIs) with increasing quartiles were 0.88 (0.71, 1.08), 0.82 (0.66, 1.02), and 0.79 (0.64, 0.97). In addition, smooth curve fitting and stratified analyses showed that there was a non-linear and stable correlation between dietary selenium intake and the occurrence of kidney stones respectively. For adults aged over 60, dietary selenium intake was inversely correlated with kidney stones, and this relationship remained after adjusting for other confounding variables. Further researches are needed to explore the potential mechanism between dietary selenium intake and kidney stones.
Donor-derived infection (DDI) associated with Scedosporium spp is extremely rare, and results in a very poor prognosis. The present study reports a probable DDI due to Scedosporium boydii ( S. boydii ) from a donor with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus. Two recipients developed Scedosporiosis after kidney transplantation from the same donor. Recipient 1 died of central nervous system infection due to S. boydii based on the clinical presentations, and the positive metagenomic next-generation sequencing (mNGS) and culture results for the cerebrospinal fluid. The other recipient with urinary tract obstruction due to S. boydii , which was identified through the positive culture and mNGS results of the removed stents, was successfully treated by stent replacement and voriconazole administration. Undiagnosed disseminated donor infection and the transmission of S. boydii should be given attention, particularly when the donor and recipients have primary immunodeficiency disease. The screening of donors and recipients for S. boydii using mNGS may be helpful in guiding antifungal prophylaxis and treatment recipients, due to its higher sensitivity and shorter diagnostic time relative to other traditional techniques.
Purpose Proximal splenic artery embolization (pSAE) has been advocated as a valuable tool to ameliorate portal hyper-perfusion (PHP). The purpose of this study was to determine the safety and efficacy of pSAE to treat refractory ascites (RA) and/or refractory hydrothorax (RH) in the setting of PHP post-liver transplant. Material and Methods A total of 30 patients who underwent pSAE for RA and/or RH after liver transplantation (LT) between January 2007 and December 2017 were analyzed retrospectively. The patients were divided into groups according to the time frame from pSAE to clinical resolution in order to identify predictors of RA/RH response to the procedure. Results Twenty-four (80%) patients responded to pSAE within three months, whereas 6 (20%) still required additional treatments for RA/RH at three months post-pSAE. In all cases clinical symptoms resolved within six months. Complications after pSAE were as follows: 2 cases of splenic infarction (6.6%), one case of post-splenic embolization syndrome (3.3%), one case of hepatic artery thrombosis (3.3%) and one case of portal vein (PV) thrombosis (3.3%). Increased intraoperative PV flow volume and increased pre-pSAE PV velocity, as well as higher estimated glomerular filtration rate were associated with early RA/RH resolution. Conclusion pSAE is safe and effective in treating RA and RH due to PHP after LT. This study suggests that clinical parameters indicating more severe PHP and better kidney function are possible predictors for early response to pSAE.
To 1) investigate the morphological brain-tissue changes in patients with dialysis- and non-dialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease (CKD); 2) analyze the effects of CKD on whole-brain cortical thickness, cortical volume, surface area, and surface curvature; and 3) analyze the correlation of these changes with clinical and biochemical indices. This study included normal controls (NCs, n = 34) and patients with CKD who were divided into dialysis (dialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease [DD-CKD], n = 26) and non-dialysis (non-dialysis patients who underwent cranial magnetic resonance imaging scans [NDD-CKD], n = 26) groups. Cortical thickness, volume, surface area, and surface curvature in each group were calculated using FreeSurfer software. Brain morphological indicators with statistical differences were correlated with clinical and biochemical indicators. Patients with CKD exhibited a significant and widespread decrease in cortical thickness and volume compared with NCs. Among the brain regions associated with higher neural activity, patients with CKD exhibited more significant morphological changes in the paracentral gyrus, transverse temporal gyrus, and lateral occipital cortex than in other brain regions. Cortical thickness and volume in patients with CKD correlated with blood pressure, lipid, hemoglobin, creatinine, and urea nitrogen levels. The extent of brain atrophy was further increased in the DD-CKD group compared with that in the NDD-CKD group. Patients with CKD potentially exhibit a certain degree of structural brain-tissue imaging changes, with morphological changes more pronounced in patients with DD-CKD, suggesting that blood urea nitrogen and dialysis may be influential factors in brain morphological changes in patients with CKD.
Background Non-invasive evaluation of renal fibrosis is still challenging. This study aimed to establish a nomogram based on shear wave elastography (SWE) and clinical features for the assessment of the severity of renal fibrosis in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods One hundred and sixty-two patients with CKD who underwent kidney biopsy and SWE examination were prospectively enrolled between April 2019 and December 2021. Patients were classified into mildly or moderately-severely impaired group based on pathology results. All patients were randomly divided into a training ( n  = 113) or validation cohort ( n  = 49). Least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) algorithm was used for data dimensionality reduction and feature selection. Then, a diagnostic nomogram incorporating the selected features was constructed using multivariable logistic regression analysis. Nomogram performance was evaluated for discrimination, calibration, and clinical utility in training and validation cohorts. Results The established SWE nomogram, which integrated SWE value, hypertension, and estimated glomerular filtration rate, showed fine calibration and discrimination in both training (area under the receiver operator characteristic curve (AUC) = 0.94; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.89–0.98) and validation cohorts (AUC = 0.84; 95% CI 0.71–0.96). Significant improvement in net reclassification and integrated discrimination indicated that the SWE value is a valuable biomarker to assess moderate-severe renal impairment. Furthermore, decision curve analysis revealed that the SWE nomogram has clinical value. Conclusion The proposed SWE nomogram showed favorable performance in determining individualized risk of moderate-severe renal pathological impairment in patients with CKD, which will help to facilitate clinical decision-making. Graphical Abstract 
Background Hypertriglyceridemia is increasingly considered a residual risk of cardiovascular disease in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Pemafibrate—a novel selective peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha modulator and a new treatment for hypertriglyceridemia in CKD patients—is reported to have fewer side effects in CKD patients than other fibrates. Appropriate control of hypertriglyceridemia can be expected to improve renal prognosis. However, data on the renal protective effect of pemafibrate are limited. This study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of pemafibrate on urinary protein excretion in CKD patients. Methods The Pemafibrate, open-label, Randomized cOntrolled study to evaluate the renal protective eFfect In hyperTriglyceridemia patients with Chronic Kidney Disease (PROFIT-CKD) study is an investigator-initiated, multi-center, open-label, parallel-group, randomized controlled trial. Participants are outpatients with hypertriglyceridemia aged 20 years and over, who have received the care of a nephrologist or a diabetologist for more than 3 months. Inclusion criteria include the following: proteinuria (urine protein/creatinine ratio of ≥ 0.15 g/gCr) within three months before allocation, and hypertriglyceridemia (triglycerides ≥ 150 mg/dL and < 1,000 mg/dL) at allocation. In the treatment group, pemafibrate is added to conventional treatment, while conventional treatment is continued with no additional treatment in the control group. Target patient enrollment is 140 patients. The primary endpoint is the change from baseline in the logarithmic urine protein/creatinine ratio at 12 months after study start. Conclusion This study will provide new findings on the renal protective effect of pemafibrate in CKD patients. Clinical trial registration This clinical trial was registered at the University Hospital Medical Information Network (UMIN) Center (UMIN-CTR: UMIN000042284).
Objective To evaluate the implications of inverted (upside-down) kidney configuration in pediatric renal transplantation employing a comparative analysis with at least 1-year follow-up. Methods Patients who underwent kidney transplantation at our institution between January 2011 and June 2021 were reviewed. Patients who had an inverted renal transplant were propensity-score matched (PSM) in 1:2 ratio with those who had traditional orientation transplant. The outcomes assessed included delayed graft function (DGF), urine leak, lymphocele, rejection, allograft calculus, ureteric stricture, and nadir creatinine. Results A total of 24 patients with inverted orientation were identified. Following PSM, 41 patients were matched, with exclusions due to incompatible propensity scores. Baseline characteristics were appropriately matched, and no significant differences were noted between the two groups. There were no differences in: delayed graft function (0/24 vs. 3/41, p  = 0.290), urine leak (3/24 vs. 2/41, p  = 0.350), lymphocele (2/24 vs. 4/41, p  = 1.000), rejection (3/24 vs. 5/41, p  = 1.000), graft calculus (2/24 vs. 0/41, p  = 0.133), and ureteric stricture (0/24 vs. 2/41, p  = 0.527). The two cases of renal calculus seen in the inverted transplant group occurred on post-operative day 13 and 1584, both were managed without complications. There was no difference in nadir creatinine (median 34umol/L IQR23-57 vs. 35 umol/L IQR 20–50, p  = 0.624) or time to nadir creatinine (8 days IQR 6–12 vs. 8 days IQR 7–28, p  = 0.315). Conclusion Inverting a renal allograft does not appear to significantly contribute to increased risk of post-operative adverse outcomes. When aiming to achieve the best anatomical placement to secure a comfortable vascular anastomosis, inverting the allograft should be considered.
Objective Kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC) is a common renal malignancy that has a poor prognosis. As a member of the F box family, cyclin F (CCNF) plays an important regulatory role in normal tissues and tumors. However, the underlying mechanism by which CCNF promotes KIRC proliferation still remains unclear. Methods Bioinformatics methods were used to analyze The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database to obtain gene expression and clinical prognosis data. The CCK8 assay, EdU assay, and xenograft assay were used to detect cell proliferation. The cell senescence and potential mechanism were assessed by SA-β-gal staining, Western blotting, as well as ELISA. Results Our data showed that CCNF was highly expressed in KIRC patients. Meanwhile, downregulation of CCNF inhibited cell proliferation in vivo and in vitro. Further studies showed that the reduction of CCNF promoted cell senescence by decreasing cyclin-dependent kinase 1 (CDK1), increasing the proinflammatory factors interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-8, and then enhancing the expression of p21 and p53. Conclusion We propose that the high expression of CCNF in KIRC may play a key role in tumorigenesis by regulating cell senescence. Therefore, CCNF shows promise as a new biomarker to predict the clinical prognosis of KIRC patients and as an effective therapeutic target.
Background Blood pressure variability (BPV) is a risk factor for poor prognosis including cardiovascular events, chronic kidney disease, and mortality, independent of elevated BP. Methods We searched PubMed/Medline, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) from inception to November 23, 2022. Cohort studies reporting the association between BPV and chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression were selected. Hazard ratios were pooled using a random-effects model. Meta-regression, subgroup analyses, and sensitivity analyses were conducted. Results A total of 23 studies were included in this systematic review and meta-analysis. Increased BPV was associated with progression of CKD (HR: 1.21, 95% CI: 1.09–1.33) and incidence of ESRD (HR: 1.08, 95% CI: 1.08–1.30). Among the different BPV metrics, high variation independent of mean (VIM), coefficient of variation (CV), standard deviation (SD), and average real variability (ARV) were indicated as predictors of CKD progression. Discussion Increased BPV was associated with CKD progression.
Aim This retrospective analysis aims to explore the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD) among type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) patients with different scores of adapted diabetes complications severity index (DCSI) who received sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2Is). Methods This study includes 113,449 DM patients from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD). We analyzed the data collected from 107,440 patients showing a DCSI score change of < 1 per year, 3720 patients with a score change of 1 to 2 per year and 2289 patients with a score change of > 2 per year. Cox proportional hazard models were used to evaluate the CKD risk throughout the overall follow-up period, and were adjusted for sex, age, comorbidities and medications of a-glucosidase inhibitors, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers, biguanides, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors, glucagon like peptide-1 receptor agonists, insulin, meglitinides, sulphonylurea and thiazolidinedione. Results The incidence of CKD increased from 18.30 per 1000 person-years in patients with a score change of < 1 per year to 137.55 per 1000 person-years for those with a score change of > 2 per year. Patients with a higher score change (> 2 per year) and receiving SGLT2Is had a lower risk of developing CKD than patients who did not receive SGLT2Is. Conclusion The use of SGLT2Is was significantly associated with the reduction in CKD incidence in diabetic patients with a higher DCSI.
Purpose The lack of a reliable and reproducible technique to ensure a constantly low temperature of the graft during kidney transplantation (KT) may be a cause of renal nonfunction. The aim of this review was to assess all the methods and devices available to ensure hypothermia during vascular anastomosis in KT. Methods A literature search was conducted through May 2022 using PubMed/Medline, Cochrane Library, Embase and Web of Science databases. Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analysis (PRISMA) guidelines were followed to identify eligible studies. The review protocol was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42022326550). Results A total of 20 studies reporting on four hypothermia techniques met our inclusion criteria. Simple instillation of cold serum is not sufficient, the graft reaching up to 33 ℃ at the end of warm ischemia time (WIT). Plastic bags filled with ice slush have questionable efficiency. The use of a gauze jacket filled with ice-slush was reported in 12/20 studies. It ensures a graft temperature up to 20.3 ℃ at the end of WIT. Some concerns have been linked to potentially inhomogeneous parenchymal cooling and secondary ileus. Novel devices with continuous flow of ice-cold solution around the graft might overcome these limitations, showing a renal temperature below 20 ℃ at all times during KT. Conclusion The gauze filled with ice slush is the most common technique, but several aspects can be improved. Novel devices in the form of cold-ischemia jackets can ensure a lower and more stable temperature of the graft during KT, leading to higher efficiency and reproducibility.
Background An arteriovenous fistula (AVF) is the most frequently used dialysis access for haemodialysis. However, it can cause volume loading for the heart and may induce circulatory failure when performed in patients with low cardiac function. This study aimed to characterise patients with low cardiac function when initiating dialysis and determine how cardiac function changes after the dialysis access surgery. Methods We conducted a retrospective observational study at two centres incorporating 356 patients with end-stage kidney disease who underwent echocardiography before the dialysis access surgery. Results An AVF and a subcutaneously fixed superficial artery were selected in 70.4% and 23.5% of 81 patients with reduced/mildly reduced (< 50%) left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), respectively, and in 94.2% and 1.1% of 275 patients with preserved (≥ 50%) LVEF ( p  < 0.001), respectively. Follow-up echocardiography was performed in 70.4% and 38.2% of patients with reduced/mildly reduced and preserved LVEF, respectively, which showed a significant increase in LVEF (41 ± 9–44 ± 12%, p  = 0.038) in patients with reduced/mildly reduced LVEF. LVEF remained unchanged in 12 patients with reduced/mildly reduced LVEF who underwent subcutaneously fixed superficial artery (30 ± 10–32 ± 15%, p  = 0.527). Patients with reduced/mildly reduced LVEF had lower survival rates after surgery than those with preserved LVEF ( p  = 0.021 for log-rank). Conclusion The LVEF subcategory was associated with dialysis access selection. After the dialysis access surgery, LVEF was increased in patients with reduced/mildly reduced LVEF. These results may help select dialysis access for patients initiating dialysis.
Renal fibrosis is a hallmark feature of chronic kidney diseases (CKDs). However, despite the increased prevalence of renal fibrosis, there is no approved antifibrotic drug for the management of renal fibrosis. Cerium oxide nanoparticles (CONPs) have been demonstrated to possess a number of properties including antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and nephroprotective activity. As the kidneys are rich in lactoferrin (Lf) receptors, we synthesised the lactoferrin-CONP (Lf-CONP) system to be used for active targeting of the kidneys and provide antifibrotic effects of CONPs to the kidneys. We used the unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO)–induced renal fibrosis model and treated the animals with Lf-CONP to observe the antifibrotic effects of Lf-CONP. Lf-CONP was found to inhibit the progression of renal fibrosis in a superior manner when compared to CONPs alone.
Objectives To examine the feasibility, efficacy, and safety of sustained low-efficiency dialysis (SLED) in hemodynamically unstable, critically ill children. Methods Critically ill patients, 1–18 y old with hemodynamic instability (≥ 1 vasoactive drugs) and severe acute kidney injury (AKI) requiring kidney replacement therapy (KRT) in a tertiary care pediatric intensive care unit were prospectively enrolled. Patients weighing ≤ 8 kg or with mean arterial pressure < 5^th percentile despite > 3 vasoactive drugs, were excluded. Patients underwent SLED until hemodynamically stable and off vasoactive drugs, or lack of need for dialysis. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients in whom the first session of SLED was initiated within 12 h of its indication and completed without premature (< 6 h) termination. Efficacy was estimated by ultrafiltration, urea reduction ratio (URR), and equilibrated Kt/V. Other outcomes included: changes in hemodynamic scores, circuit clotting, adverse events, and changes in indices on point-of-care ultrasonography and echocardiography. Results Between November 2018 and March 2020, 18 patients with median age 8.6 y and vasopressor dependency index of 83.2, underwent 41 sessions of SLED. In 16 patients, SLED was feasible within 12 h of indication. No session was terminated prematurely. Ultrafiltration achieved was 4.0 ± 2.2 mL/kg/h, while URR was 57.7 ± 16.2% and eKt/V 1.17 ± 0.56. Hemodynamic scores did not change significantly. Asymptomatic hypokalemia was the chief adverse effect. Sessions were associated with a significant improvement in indices on ultrasound and left ventricular function. Fourteen patients died. Conclusions SLED is feasible, safe, and effective in enabling KRT in hemodynamically unstable children with severe AKI.
Monosodium glutamate (MSG) is a widespread flavor enhancer and stabilizer in manufactured or packaged foods that possess myriad adverse effects. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of MSG on placental progesterone receptors and fetal development. Thirty pregnant Wistar Albino rats were divided into three groups (ten/each). The control group (G1) gavaged distilled water only, low-dose treated group (G2) gavaged 3 g/kg MSG, and high-dose treated group (G3) gavaged 6 g/kg MSG from 1st to 18th days of gestation, and all pregnant rats were sacrificed on the 19th day of gestation. The effect of MSG on fetal weights, crown vertebral length (CVL), placental weight, placental ghrelin expression, and fetal skeleton examination were estimated. MSG induced a significant decrease in fetal weights, CVL lengths, placental weight, and ghrelin expression in both treatment groups compared to the control group. Several parts of the fetal skeleton showed incomplete ossification and delayed chondrification in which high-dose maternally treated fetuses were more affected. Many degenerative changes were detected in both maternal and fetal liver and kidney tissues in MSG-treated groups. Moreover, MSG caused a significant increase in serum ALT, ALP, and creatinine levels in pregnant rats’ blood. Serum progesterone was only elevated in G3 on the 19th day of gestation. This study showed that the administration of MSG during pregnancy adversely influences fetal growth and skeletal development and caused several biochemical and histological changes in the maternal and fetal liver and kidney tissues which assure the toxic and teratogenic effects of MSG.
Background Pulse wave velocity (PWV) is a measure of arterial stiffness. We investigated PWV and blood pressure (BP) to determine to what extent BP changes contribute to arterial stiffness, and secondly, to identify influencing factors on BP in children after kidney transplantation. Methods Seventy children ≥ 2.5 years post-transplantation with at least two PWV measurements were included. Changes of systolic (Δ SBP) and diastolic BP (Δ DBP) were classified into “stable/decreasing,” “1–10 mmHg increase,” and “ > 10 mmHg increase.” Linear mixed modeling for PWV z -score (PWVz) adjusted either for Δ SBP or Δ DBP was performed. An extended dataset with monthly entries of BP, immunosuppression, and creatinine was obtained in 35 participants over a median of 74 months to perform linear mixed modeling for SBP and DBP. Results PWVz increased with a rate of 0.11/year (95% CI 0.054 to 0.16). Compared to participants with stable BP, those with 1–10-mmHg SBP and DBP increase showed a higher PWVz of 0.59 (95% CI 0.046 to 1.13) and 0.86 (95% CI 0.43 to 1.30), respectively. A > 10-mmHg BP increase was associated with an even higher PWVz (SBP β  = 0.78, 95% CI 0.22 to 1.34; DBP β  = 1.37, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.94). Female sex and participants with lower eGFR showed higher PWVz. In the extended analysis, DBP was positively associated with cyclosporin A and everolimus trough levels. Conclusions A higher increase of PWV is seen in patients with greater BP increase, with higher cyclosporin A and everolimus trough levels associated with higher BP. This emphasizes the role of BP as a modifiable risk factor for the improvement of cardiovascular outcome after transplantation. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is one of the most common complications after cardiac surgery, associated with increased mortality and morbidity. Near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) continuously measures regional oxygen saturation(rSO_2) in real-time. This exploratory retrospective study aimed to investigate the association between intraoperative plantar rSO_2 and postoperative AKI in cardiac surgery patients. Between August 2019 and March 2021, 394 patients were included. Plantar and cerebral rSO_2 were monitored using NIRS intraoperatively. The primary outcome was AKI within 7 postoperative days. The nonlinear association between plantar rSO_2, cerebral rSO_2, and mean arterial blood pressure (MBP) and AKI was assessed, and plantar rSO_2<45% was related to an increased risk of AKI. Multivariable logistic regression analyses revealed that longer duration and higher area under the curve below plantar rSO_2<45% and MBP<65 mmHg were more likely to be associated with increased odds of AKI. In additional multivariable regression analyses, association between plantar rSO_2<45% and AKI was still maintained after adjusting the duration or AUC of MBP<65 mmHg as a covariate. Cerebral rSO_2 levels were not associated with AKI. Independent of MAP, intraoperative plantar rSO_2 was associated with AKI after cardiac surgery. However, intraoperative cerebral rSO_2 was not associated with AKI. Intraoperative plantar rSO_2 monitoring may be helpful in preventing AKI.
Muscle fat infiltration (MFI) also known as myosteatosis refers to any deposit of lipids found in the skeletal muscle. MFI is preferably assessed by image-based methods like computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance image (MRI) and ultrasound, normally from muscle groups located in the legs, arms and in the trunk. MFI is understood as a marker of muscle quality, where a muscle with higher fat deposition has lower contraction power and capacity to produce force per unit of muscle mass. This concept supports the hypothesis that a decrease in muscle strength is not always explained by a decrease in muscle mass, but also by other factors, including lipid deposition in the muscle. In the general population, MFI is associated with older age, physical inactivity and with insulin resistance and inflammation. In chronic kidney disease (CKD), MFI has been associated with a decrease in muscle strength and impaired muscle quality as well as with metabolic abnormalities, cardiovascular disease and increased mortality. Interventions aimed at reducing MFI in CKD are incipient, but it seems that guided exercise can ameliorate muscle quality in patients on hemodialysis. The aim of this narrative review about MFI in CKD is to draw attention to a still not often addressed complication in CKD. We conclude that more studies are warranted to investigate mechanisms and factors promoting MFI in CKD. Thus, clinical trials aimed at understanding the type, frequency and intensity of exercise that can diminish MFI and improve the clinical condition of the patients are needed. Graphical Abstract 
Purpose of Review Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is highly prevalent in patients with heart failure and reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF), representing a major factor of adverse outcomes. In clinical practice, it is one of the main reasons for not initiating, not titrating, and even withdrawing efficient heart failure drug therapies in patients. Recent Findings Despite limited data, studies show that HFrEF therapies maintain their benefits on cardiovascular outcomes in patients with CKD. Most HF drugs cause acute renal haemodynamic changes, but with stabilisation or even improvement after the acute phase, thus with no long-term worsening of the renal function. Summary In this expert opinion-based paper, we challenge the pathophysiology misunderstandings that impede HF disease-modifying therapy implementation in this setting and propose a strategy for HF drug titration in patients with moderate, severe, and end-stage chronic kidney disease.
Purpose To evaluate the estimated pulmonary arterial systolic pressure (PASP) through transthoracic echocardiography in hemodialysis (HD) patients and associate it with cardiorespiratory fitness and pulmonary function. Methods This study was a cross-sectional analysis of HD patients that performed evaluations of cardiac function, cardiorespiratory fitness, and pulmonary function, through transthoracic echocardiography, cardiopulmonary exercise test, spirometry, and manovacuometry, respectively. All patients underwent the evaluations on a non-dialysis day. Results Thirty-five HD patients were evaluated and separated according to the presence of probable pulmonary hypertension (PH) (estimated PASP ≥ 35 mmHg) or not (estimated PASP < 35 mmHg). Those HD patients with probable PH had the worst cardiorespiratory fitness, evaluated by the peak oxygen consumption (VO_2peak) (17.11 ± 4.40 versus 12.90 ± 2.73 mL/kg/min; p  = 0.011), and pulmonary function, evaluated by absolute and predicted of forced vital capacity (FVC) (85.52 ± 12.29 versus 71.38 ± 11.63%; p  = 0.005) and absolute and predicted of forced expiratory volume in the first second (FEV_1) (83.37 ± 14.98 versus 69.21 ± 13.48%; p  = 0.017). The secondary analysis showed that estimated PASP was correlated with VO_2peak ( r  = − 0.508; p  = 0.002), FVC ( r  = − 0.450; p  = 0.007), and FEV_1 ( r  = − 0.361; p  = 0.033). Moreover, the adjusted odds ratio by HD vintage, dry weight and gender showed that increments in VO_2peak (OR 1.62; CI 95% 1.04–2.54; p  = 0.034), FVC (OR 39.67; CI 95% 1.74–902.80; p  = 0.021), and FEV_1 (OR 39.54; CI 95% 1.89–826.99; p  = 0.018) were associated with 1-fold and 39-fold higher chance, respectively, for not having PH. However, all these associations were lost when age was included in the analysis. Conclusions The HD patients with probable PH had the worst cardiorespiratory fitness and pulmonary function. Exploratory analyses showed that greater cardiopulmonary fitness was associated with better cardiac function. Moreover, increments in cardiorespiratory fitness and pulmonary function may increase the chance of not having PH.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common comorbidity, affecting approximately one in five hospitalized adults. The kidney is the site for the production, metabolism or excretion of most hormones, including the production of erythropoietin (EPO), the active form of vitamin D, renin, thrombopoietin, and the excretion of insulin, catecholamines, gastrin and many other hormones. Therefore, it is reasonable to say that AKI can have a considerable impact on the endocrine system. Although the effects of AKI on various parameters, including cardiovascular parameters, serum electrolytes and acid–base disorders, neuro-humoral mechanisms and neurological outcomes have been extensively studied, the endocrinological consequences of AKI are understudied. Thyroid dysfunction, mainly euthyroid sick syndrome, hypo/hyperglycemia, bone mineral disorders, changes in EPO and atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) levels are commonly found in AKI. EPO, thyroxine and ANP administration have been evaluated as potential tools to prevent or treat AKI with varying success, while the effects of AKI on some key hormones, including cortisol and insulin, have never been studied. Aim of this narrative review is to illustrate what is known and what is not known about the endocrinological outcomes of AKI. Few clinical trials are ongoing: however, there is a clear need for large-scale randomized controlled trials investigating the endocrinological consequences of AKI. Graphical abstract 
This study aimed to explore protective efficacy of Athelia rolfsii exopolysaccharides (AEPS) to mice kidney against lead-exposed injury with a focus on the role of nuclear factor erythroid-2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) signaling pathway. Lead accumulation in the kidney induces oxidative stress which causes low antioxidant activity, abnormal pathological changes, and apoptosis. Here, the changes in lead levels in the kidney and whole blood proved that AEPS inhibited lead accumulation. It might be related to AEPS enhancing glutathione (GSH) levels and glutathione-s-transferase (GST) activities, as well as the protein abundances of multidrug resistance–associated protein 1 (MRP1) and multidrug resistance–associated protein 2 (MRP2). Moreover, AEPS increased antioxidant activity by upregulating superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT) activities, downregulating malondialdehyde (MDA) levels. It also restored kidney function by decreasing blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and creatinine (CRE) levels in the serum. Histopathologic analysis showed that AEPS alleviated the kidney injury induced by lead, too. AEPS also showed anti-apoptosis effect by downregulating caspase-3 and bax expression and upregulating bcl-2 expression. Importantly, AEPS activated Nrf2 signaling pathway by promoting nuclear translocation of Nrf2. However, all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA), an Nrf2 inhibitor, reversed the effects on AEPS to activation of Nrf2, enhancement of antioxidant, alleviation of kidney injury, restoration of kidney function, prevention of apoptotic, and facilitation of lead exclusion. In brief, AEPS showed kidney protective effect and facilitated lead-expulsion in an Nrf2-dependent manner.
Ischemia–reperfusion (IR) injury is one of the main causes of acute kidney disease (AKI). Several studies have shown that mitochondrial damage, which leads to increased production of reactive oxygen species (ROS), plays a vital role in the pathogenesis of IR-induced AKI. Increased ROS production can cause oxidative damage and activate the inflammasome in renal tubular cells, ultimately resulting in apoptosis or necrosis. Mitophagy is a type of selective autophagy that plays a protective role in AKI by regulating the quality of mitochondria and reducing the production of ROS. We previously reported that the augmenter of liver regeneration (ALR) exhibits antiapoptotic and antioxidant functions, although the precise mechanisms of action need to be studied further. In the current study, ALR was overexpressed and an in vitro model of IR injury was constructed. The overexpression of ALR reduced the production of mitochondria-derived ROS (mtROS), the activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome, and the rate of apoptosis. Moreover, this suppression of mtROS production and inflammasome activation was mediated through the PTEN-induced kinase 1 (PINK1)/Parkin pathway of mitophagy. These results suggest that ALR can alleviate IR-induced apoptosis via the PINK1/Parkin mitophagy pathway to reduce the production of mtROS and limit the activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome.
Background Despite its utility, uncertainty exists on the feasibility of acute peritoneal dialysis (PD) and optimal PD catheter type for very low birth weight (VLBW < 1500 g) and extremely low birth weight (ELBW < 1000 g) infants. We hereby report our experience of acute PD among these high-risk infants and compare the outcome between stylet-based rigid catheter (SRC) and Cook Mac-Loc Multipurpose Drainage catheters® (CMMDC). Methods Case notes of infants < 1500 g undergoing PD between 2012 and 2021 in a network of five participating neonatal units supported by a tertiary paediatric nephrology centre in Kolkata, India, were retrospectively reviewed. PD was conducted either with SRC or after 2018 with CMMDC. Outcome parameters included complications, survival during PD, and survival to discharge. Results 24 infants (VLBW: n  = 13 and ELBW: n  = 11) underwent PD at median age 4.5 days (IQR 3–6) with either CMMDC ( n  = 14) or SRC ( n  = 10). Significant improvement in biochemical parameters and fluid removal was seen in both ELBW and VLBW infants. CMMDC was associated with significantly fewer PD-related complications 7/14 (50%) vs. 9/10 (90%) ( p  = 0.04) and higher survival during PD 13/14 (93%) vs. 5/10 (50%) ( p  = 0.02), without significant difference in survival to hospital discharge 8/14 (57%) vs. 3/10 (30%) ( p  = 0.25). CMMDC also enabled longer duration of PD, higher ultrafiltration, and better control of acidosis. Consumable cost was higher for CMMDC (USD$60) than SRC (USD$14). Conclusions In a low resource setting, CMMDC had lower PD complications and superior short-term survival among ELBW/VLBW infants. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Traumatic brain injury (TBI) remains a major cause of mortality and morbidity, and almost half of these patients are admitted to the intensive care unit. Of those, 10% develop acute kidney injury (AKI) and 2% even need kidney replacement therapy (KRT). Although clinical trials in patients with TBI who have AKI are lacking, some general principles in this population may apply. The present review is an overview on the epidemiology and pathophysiology of AKI in patients with TBI admitted to the intensive care unit who are at risk for or who have developed AKI. A cornerstone in severe TBI management is preventing secondary brain damage, in which reducing the intracranial pressure (ICP) and optimizing the cerebral perfusion pressure (CPP) remain important therapeutic targets. To treat episodes of elevated ICP, osmolar agents such as mannitol and hypertonic saline are frequently administered. Although we are currently awaiting the results of a prospective randomized controlled trial that compares both agents, it is important to realize that both agents have been associated with an increased risk of developing AKI which is probably higher for mannitol compared with hypertonic saline. For the brain, as well as for the kidney, targeting an adequate perfusion pressure is important. Hemodynamic management based on the combined use of intravascular fluids and vasopressors is ideally guided by hemodynamic monitoring. Hypotonic albumin or crystalloid resuscitation solutions may increase the risk of brain edema, and saline-based solutions are frequently used but have a risk of hyperchloremia, which might jeopardize kidney function. In patients at risk, frequent assessment of serum chloride might be advised. Maintenance of an adequate CPP involves the optimization of circulating blood volume, often combined with vasopressor agents. Whether individualized CPP targets based on cerebrovascular autoregulation monitoring are beneficial need to be further investigated. Interestingly, such individualized perfusion targets are also under investigation in patients as a strategy to mitigate the risk for AKI in patients with chronic hypertension. In the small proportion of patients with TBI who need KRT, continuous techniques are advised based on pathophysiology and expert opinion. The need for KRT is associated with a higher risk of intracranial hypertension, especially if osmolar clearance occurs fast, which can even occur in continuous techniques. Precise ICP and CPP monitoring is mandatory, especially at the initiation of KRT.
Background Recently, there has been an increasing clinical incidence of acute kidney injury (AKI), which rapidly declines renal function and leads to massive tubular cell necrosis. Pyroptosis is an inflammatory process of cell death that is more rapid than apoptosis, which is accompanied by a massive release of inflammasome activation. In the study, we aim to explore whether Bufalin regulates the AKI through the pyroptosis pathway. Methods We have established gentamicin (GM)-induced AKI animal and cell models to simulate the pathological conditions of kidney injury. The expression of renal injury and pyroptosis-related indicators were detected by western blot. PAS staining and IHC staining were used to analyze renal function. CCK-8 assay was performed to detect cell viability after AKI with different treatments. TUNEL staining, flow cytometry and immunofluorescence assays were performed to measure pyroptosis. Results After intraperitoneal injection of GM in rats, renal function was significantly decreased, along with a significant increase of damaged and necrotic cells as suggested by renal tubular epithelial tissue sections. In addition, there was an increase in the pyroptosis-related markers expression and pyroptosis-induced cell death. Consistently, studies in vitro found that GM significantly induced pyroptosis and its associated protein expression in NRK52e cells. Whereas, the administration of Bufalin reversed these effects of GM in vivo and in vitro . Further, we found that Nigericin (NLRP3 agonist) could reversed the effects of bufalin on GM-induced pyroptosis. Conclusion Bufalin attenuates pyroptosis generated AKI by inhibiting NLRP3 inflammasome.
The global burden of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is escalating, and it remains as a predominant cause of the end-stage renal disease (ESRD). DKD is associated with increased cardiovascular disease and morbidity in all types of diabetes. Prediction of progression with albuminuria and eGFR is challenging in DKD, especially in non-proteinuric DKD patients. The pathogenesis of DKD is multifactorial characterized by injury to all components of the nephron, whereas albuminuria is an indicator of only glomerular injury. The limits in the diagnostic and prognostic value of urine albumin demonstrate the need for alternative and clinically significant early biomarkers, allowing more targeted and effective diabetic treatment, to reduce the burden of DKD and ESRD. Identification of biomarkers, based on multifactorial pathogenesis of DKD can be the crucial paradigm in the treatment algorithm of DKD patients. This review focuses on the potential biomarkers linked to DKD pathogenesis, particularly with the hope of broadening the diagnostic window to identify patients with different stages of DKD progression.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) and fluid overload (FO) are associated with poor outcomes in children receiving extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO). Our objective is to evaluate the impact of AKI and FO on pediatric patients receiving ECMO for cardiac pathology. Methods We performed a secondary analysis of the six-center Kidney Interventions During Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation (KIDMO) database, including only children who underwent ECMO for cardiac pathology. AKI was defined using Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) creatinine criteria. FO was defined as < 10% (FO–) vs. ≥ 10% (FO +) and was evaluated at ECMO initiation, peak during ECMO, and ECMO discontinuation. Primary outcomes were mortality and length of stay (LOS). Results Data from 191 patients were included. Non-survivors (56%) were more likely to be FO + than survivors at peak ECMO fluid status and ECMO discontinuation. There was a significant interaction between AKI and FO. In the presence of AKI, the adjusted odds of mortality for FO + was 4.79 times greater than FO– (95% CI: 1.52–15.12, p  = 0.01). In the presence of FO + , the adjusted odds of mortality for AKI + was 2.7 times higher than AKI– [95%CI: 1.10–6.60; p  = 0.03]. Peak FO + was associated with a 55% adjusted relative increase in LOS [95%CI: 1.07–2.26, p  = 0.02]. Conclusions The association of peak FO + with mortality is present only in the presence of AKI + . Similarly, AKI + is associated with mortality only in the presence of peak FO + . FO + was associated with LOS. Studies targeting fluid management have the potential to improve LOS and mortality outcomes. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Abstract Studies showed that SARS-CoV-2 can directly target the kidney and induce renal damage. As the cell surface receptor for SARS-CoV-2 infection, the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) plays a pivotal role for renal physiology and function. Thus, it is important to understand ACE2 through which pathway influences the pathogenesis of renal damage induced by COVID-19. In this study, we first performed an eQTL mapping for Ace2 in kidney tissues in 53 BXD mice strains. Results demonstrated that Ace2 is highly expressed and strongly controlled by a genetic locus on chromosome 16 in the kidney, with six genes ( Dnase1 , Vasn , Usp7 , Abat , Mgrn1 , and Rbfox1 ) dominated as the upstream modulator, as they are highly correlated with Ace2 expression. Gene co-expression analysis showed that Ace2 co-variates are significantly involved in the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) pathway which acts as a reno-protector. Importantly, we also found that Ace2 is positively correlated with Pdgf family members, particularly Pdgfc , which showed the most association among the 76 investigated growth factors. Mammalian Phenotype Ontology enrichment indicated that the cognate transcripts for both Ace2 and Pdgfc were mainly involved in regulating renal physiology and morphology. Among which, Cd44 , Egfr , Met , Smad3 , and Stat3 were identified as hub genes through protein–protein interaction analysis. Finally, in aligning with our systems genetics findings, we found ACE2 , pdgf family members, and RAS genes decreased significantly in the CAKI-1 kidney cancer cells treated with S protein and receptor binding domain structural protein. Collectively, our data suggested that ACE2 work with RAS, PDGFC, as well as their cognate hub genes to regulate renal function, which could guide for future clinical prevention and targeted treatment for COVID-19–induced renal damage outcomes. Key messages • Ace2 is highly expressed and strongly controlled by a genetic locus on chromosome 16 in the kidney. • Ace2 co-variates are enriched in the RAS pathway. • Ace2 is strongly correlated with the growth factor Pdgfc. • Ace2 and Pdgfc co-expressed genes involved in the regulation of renal physiology and morphology. • SARS-CoV-2 spike glycoprotein induces down-regulation of Ace2, RAS, and Pdgfc.
Purpose Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is the most common complication of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and its pathogenesis is not yet fully understood and lacks noninvasive and effective diagnostic biomarkers. In this study, we performed urine metabolomics to identify biomarkers for DKD and to clarify the potential mechanisms associated with disease progression. Methods We applied a liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry-based metabolomics method combined with bioinformatics analysis to investigate the urine metabolism characteristics of 79 participants, including healthy subjects ( n  = 20), T2DM patients ( n  = 20), 39 DKD patients that included 19 DKD with microalbuminuria (DKD + micro) and 20 DKD with macroalbuminuria (DKD + macro). Results Seventeen metabolites were identified between T2DM and DKD that were involved in amino acid, purine, nucleotide and primarily bile acid metabolism. Ultimately, a combined model consisting of 2 metabolites (tyramine and phenylalanylproline) was established, which had optimal diagnostic performance (area under the curve (AUC) = 0.94). We also identified 19 metabolites that were co-expressed within the DKD groups and 41 metabolites specifically expressed in the DKD + macro group. Ingenuity pathway analysis revealed three interaction networks of these 60 metabolites, involving the sirtuin signaling pathway and ferroptosis signaling pathway, as well as the downregulation of organic anion transporter 1, which may be important mechanisms that mediate the progression of DKD. Conclusions This work reveals the metabolic alterations in T2DM and DKD, constructs a combined model to distinguish them and delivers a novel strategy for studying the underlying mechanism and treatment of DKD.
Nowadays, kidney lesions are becoming one of the leading causes of death around the world. But, early detection of kidney lesions may reduce the severity that leads to mortality. Automatic segmentation and classification of kidney lesions are performed nowadays with the help of deep learning techniques. However, existing techniques of kidney lesion detection are inefficient because of blurring at the edges during segmentation, which affects the classification accuracy and also has an over fitting problem. They also require a large amount of training time and memory. Chances of survival for patients are reduced when kidney lesion types are misdiagnosed. To resolve these issues, we proposed semantic multiclass segmentation and classification (SMSC) of kidney lesions. Here, we introduced the integrated edge detection module with dilated residual UNet (IED-ResUNet) for effective segmentation and the Hopfield convolutional neural network (HCNN) for effective classification of kidney lesions. Initially, CT images are pre-processed using the multilevel brightness preserving technique for noise removal and image enhancement. Then the pre-processed image is segmented using IED-ResUNet in which blurring occurs during segmentation is avoided by using the edge detection module (EDM). EDM avoids blurring by giving importance to edge features during segmentation of the kidney lesion. Then the segmented image is accurately classified into one of the eleven classes using HCNN. Finally, performance of the IED-ResUNet and HCNN are compared with the most commonly used segmentation and classification networks in terms of accuracy, specificity, dice coefficient, and recall. The proposed SMSC method achieves high accuracy (99.60%) compared to other existing approaches.
Objectives This study aimed to investigate the predictive efficacy of shear-wave elastography, superb microvascular imaging (SMI), and CEUS for allograft rejection in kidney transplants without graft dysfunction. Methods From January 2021 to November 2021, 72 consecutive patients who underwent both allograft biopsy and ultrasound were evaluated. Blood test results were obtained within a week of the ultrasound examinations, which were performed before the protocol biopsy. Resistive index (RI), tissue viscoelasticity, vascular index, and quantitative CEUS parameters were measured. Patients were divided based on biopsy results into the rejection and non-rejection groups. Results Among the 72 patients, 21 patients had pathological characteristics of acute rejection. RI of allograft was significantly higher in the rejection group ( p = 0.007), compared to the non-rejection group. There were no significant between-group differences in vascular indices of SMI, mean elasticity, and mean viscosity. Meanwhile, among the parameters obtained by the time-intensity curve on CEUS, the cortical and medullary ratios of average contrast signal intensity, peak enhancement, wash-in area AUC, wash-in perfusion index, wash-out AUC, and wash-in and wash-out AUC were significantly different between the two groups ( p < 0.05). In the receiver operating characteristic curve analysis for predicting allograft rejection, the AUC was 0.853 for the combination of six CEUS parameters, RI, and blood urea nitrogen. Conclusions Among non-invasive quantitative ultrasound measurements, CEUS parameters are the most useful for diagnosing subclinical allograft rejection. Furthermore, the combination of CEUS parameters, RI, and blood urea nitrogen may be helpful for the early detection of renal allograft rejection. Key Points • Among non-invasive quantitative ultrasound measurements, CEUS parameters are the most useful for the diagnosis of subclinical allograft rejection. • On CEUS, the C/M ratios of MeanLin, PE, WiAUC, WiPI, WoAUC, and WiWoAUC are significantly lower in the rejection group; the combination of these showed reliable predictive performance for rejection. • The combination of CEUS parameters, RI, and BUN has a high predictive capability for subclinical allograft rejection.
Congenital uropathies are the most common fetal anomalies. They include a wide spectrum of anomalies ranging from mild pelvis dilation to complex urinary tract malformations. Prenatal imaging not only allows for their diagnosis but, in experienced hands, it can differentiate obstructive from refluxing or malformative uropathies. Such precise prenatal information allows for intervention before birth in select cases or for adapting the postnatal workup to provide a better long-term outcome. For the different types of congenital uropathies, we describe their prenatal presentations on US and the complementary role of fetal MRI where indicated. We correlate these findings with postnatal workup and summarize the updated neonatal diagnostic and clinical/surgical management.
Urolithiasis affects people in all age groups, but over the last decades there has been an increasing incidence in children. Typical symptoms include abdominal or flank pain with haematuria; in acute cases dysuria, fever or vomiting also occur. Ultrasound is considered the modality of choice in paediatric urolithiasis because it can be used to identify most clinically relevant stones. Complementary imaging modalities such as conventional radiographs or non-contrast computed tomography should be limited to specific clinical situations. Management of kidney stones includes dietary, pharmacological and urological interventions, depending on stone size, location or type, and the child’s condition. With a very high incidence of underlying metabolic abnormalities and significant recurrence rates in paediatric urolithiasis, thorough metabolic evaluation and follow-up examination studies are of utmost importance.
Objective To investigate the value of systemic immune–inflammation index (SII) combined with CHA2DS2-VASC score in predicting the risk of contrast-induced acute kidney injury (CI-AKI) in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) treatment. Methods 1531 consecutive patients with ACS and undergoing PCI were recruited from January 2019 to December 2021. All patients were divided into CI-AKI and non-CI-AKI groups according to the pre-procedure and post-procedure creatinine changes, and the baseline data were compared between the two groups. Binary logistic regression analysis was used to investigate the factors influencing CI-AKI in ACS patients after PCI. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were plotted to evaluate the predictive value of SII, CHA2DS2-VASC, and their combined levels on CI-AKI after PCI. Results Patients with high SII and high CHA2DS2-VASC score had a higher incidence of CI-AKI. For SII, the area under the ROC curve (AUC) for predicting CI-AKI was 0.686. The optimal cut-off value was 736.08 with a sensitivity of 66.8% and a specificity of 66.3% [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.662–0.709; P  < 0.001]. For CHA2DS2-VASC score, the AUC was 0.795, the optimal cut-off value was 2.50 with a sensitivity of 80.3% and a specificity of 62.7% (95% CI 0.774–0.815; P  < 0.001). When combining SII and CHA2DS2-VASC score, the AUC was 0.830, the optimal cut-off value was 0.148 with a diagnostic sensitivity of 76.1% and a specificity of 75.2% (95% CI 0.810–0.849; P  < 0.001). The results showed that SII combined with CHA2DS2-VASC score resulted in improved predictive accuracy of CI-AKI. Multifactorial logistic regression analysis showed that albumin level (OR = 0.967, 95% CI 0.936–1.000; P  = 0.047), lnSII level (OR = 1.596, 95% CI 1.010–1.905; P  < 0.001), and CHA2DS2-VASC score level (OR = 1.425, 95% CI 1.318–1.541; P  < 0.001) were independent risk factors for CI-AKI in patients with ACS treated with PCI. Conclusion High SII and high CHA2DS2-VASC score are risk factors for the development of CI-AKI, and the combination of the two improves the accuracy of predicting the occurrence of CI-AKI in patients with ACS undergoing PCI.
Background Physical frailty is a major health concern among people receiving haemodialysis (HD) for stage-5 chronic kidney disease (CKD-5). Wearable accelerometers are increasingly being recommended to objectively monitor activity levels in CKD-5 and recent research suggests they may also represent an innovative strategy to evaluate physical frailty in vulnerable populations. However, no study has yet explored whether wearable accelerometers may be utilised to assess frailty in the context of CKD-5-HD. Therefore, we aimed to examine the diagnostic performance of a research-grade wearable accelerometer in evaluating physical frailty in people receiving HD. Methods Fifty-nine people receiving maintenance HD [age = 62.3 years (SD = 14.9), 40.7% female] participated in this cross-sectional study. Participants wore a uniaxial accelerometer (ActivPAL) for seven consecutive days and the following measures were recorded: total number of daily steps and sit-to-stand transitions, number of daily steps walked with cadence < 60 steps/min, 60–79 steps/min, 80–99 steps/min, 100–119 steps/min, and ≥ 120 steps/min. The Fried phenotype was used to evaluate physical frailty. Receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analyses were performed to examine the diagnostic accuracy of the accelerometer-derived measures in detecting physical frailty status. Results Participants classified as frail ( n  = 22, 37.3%) had a lower number of daily steps (2363 ± 1525 vs 3585 ± 1765, p  = 0.009), daily sit-to-stand transitions (31.8 ± 10.3 vs 40.6 ± 12.1, p  = 0.006), and lower number of steps walked with cadence of 100–119 steps/min (336 ± 486 vs 983 ± 797, p  < 0.001) compared to their non-frail counterparts. In ROC analysis, the number of daily steps walked with cadence ≥ 100 steps/min exhibited the highest diagnostic performance (AUC = 0.80, 95% CI: 0.68–0.92, p  < 0.001, cut-off ≤ 288 steps, sensitivity = 73%, specificity = 76%, PPV = 0.64, NPV = 0.82, accuracy = 75%) in detecting physical frailty. Conclusions This study provided initial evidence that a wearable accelerometer may be a useful tool in evaluating physical frailty in people receiving HD. While the total number of daily steps and sit-to-stand transitions could significantly discriminate frailty status, the number of daily steps walked with cadences reflecting moderate to vigorous intensity of walking may be more useful in monitoring physical frailty in people receiving HD.
Interleukin-18 (IL-18), a member of IL-1 cytokine superfamily, is deemed as an important indicator of the kidney disease. Herein a sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay integrated with magnetic beads was conducted to detect IL-18 in kidney disease. The detection limit and linear range were 0.0044 ng/mL and 0.01–2.7 ng/mL, respectively. Satisfactory recoveries were ranged from 91.70 to 101.18% with the relative standard deviation below 10%; interference bias of most biomarkers were within allowable deviation range (± 15%). In summary, the whole study was successfully applied to detect IL-18 levels in urine samples for patients with kidney disease. The results showed that chemiluminescence immunoassay for IL-18 detection could be used in the clinical application.
Adult autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) has been shown to be related as a “third hit” to the occurrence of acute or chronic kidney injury. Here, we examined whether dehydration, as a common kidney risk factor, could cause cystogenesis in chronic-onset Pkd 1^−/− mice by regulating macrophage activation. First, we confirmed that dehydration accelerated cytogenesis in Pkd 1^−/− mice and that macrophages infiltrated the kidney tissues even earlier than macroscopic cyst formation. Then, microarray analysis suggested that glycolysis pathway may be involved in macrophage activation in Pkd 1^−/− kidneys under conditions of dehydration. Further, we confirmed glycolysis pathway was activated and lactic acid (L-LA) was overproduced in the Pkd 1^−/− kidney under conditions of dehydration. We have already proved that L-LA strongly stimulated M2 macrophage polarization and overproduction of polyamine in macrophage in vitro , and in the present study, we further discovered that M2 polarization-induced polyamine production shortened the primary cilia length by disrupting the PC1/PC2 complex. Finally, the activation of L-LA–arginase 1–polyamine pathway contributed to cystogenesis and progressive cyst growth in Pkd 1^−/− mice recurrently exposed to dehydration.
Background Microscopic polyangiitis (MPA), a kind of antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody associated vasculitis (AAV), predominantly affects small-sized vessels. MPA is a significant cause of the pulmonary-renal syndrome. Pauci-immune necrotizing and crescentic glomerulonephritis is the typical renal histological feature of AAV. Tubulointerstitial lesions may occur and mostly form with inflammatory cell infiltration in the interstitium. However, a few cases reported only tubulointerstitial involvement without glomerular lesions in patients with MPA. Case presentation We present an MPA case, a 70-year-old male patient diagnosed with acute kidney injury accompanying the dialysis requirement. Only acute tubulointerstitial nephritis was revealed in kidney biopsy without evidence of glomerular injury. Also, interstitial pulmonary fibrosis was determined on computerized tomography, and myeloperoxidase antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody was positive. Consequently, we have considered the main diagnosis as MPA. We did not prefer a standard tubulointerstitial nephritis treatment regimen due to the presence of life-threatening systemic vasculitis. Treatment was established like crescentic glomerulonephritis. Induction therapy consisted of pulse steroid, cyclophosphamide, and plasmapheresis. Unfortunately, severe SARS-CoV-2 infection caused death during induction therapy in this case. Conclusions The lack of glomerular injury and solely interstitial inflammation is atypical regarding AAV involvement in the kidney. This diversity might be initially considered as only a simple histological elaboration. However, it is a significant entity for guiding the treatment of AAV.
Background Acute kidney injury and chronic kidney disease (CKD) after cardiac surgery are associated with poor renal prognosis and increased mortality. The impact of intraoperative hemodialysis (IHD) on postoperative renal function remains unknown. We aimed to evaluate the utility of IHD during open-heart surgery in patients with severe non-dialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease (CKD-NDD) and its association with clinical outcomes. Methods This was a single-center retrospective cohort study that employed IHD during non-emergency open-heart surgery in patients with CKD stage G4 or G5. Patients who underwent emergent surgery, chronic dialysis, and/or kidney transplantation were excluded. We retrospectively compared the clinical characteristics and outcomes between patients from the IHD and non-IHD groups. The primary outcomes were 90-day mortality and postoperative initiation of renal replacement therapy (RRT). Results Twenty-eight patients were categorized into the IHD group and 33 into the non-IHD group. When comparing the IHD and non-IHD groups, men accounted for 60.7 vs. 50.3% of patients, the mean patient age was 74.5 (standard deviation [SD] 7.0) vs. 72.9 (SD 9.4) years ( p  = 0.744), and the proportion of patients with CKD G4 was 67.9 vs. 84.9% ( p  = 0.138). Regarding clinical outcomes, no significant differences were observed in the 90-day mortality (7.1 vs. 3.0%; p  = 0.482) and 30-day RRT (17.9 vs. 30.3%; p  = 0.373) rates between the groups. Among the patients with CKD G4, the IHD group had significantly lower 30-day RRT rates than the non-IHD group (0 vs. 25.0%; p  = 0.032). RRT initiation was less likely for patients with CKD G4 (odds ratio 0.07, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.01–0.37; p  = 0.002); however, IHD did not significantly decrease the incidence of poor clinical outcomes (odds ratio 0.20, 95% CI 0.04–1.07; p  = 0.061). Conclusions IHD during open-heart surgery in patients with CKD-NDD did not improve their clinical outcomes with regards to postoperative dialysis. However, for patients with CKD G4, IHD may be useful for postoperative cardiac management.
One of the most frequent issues in newborns is acute kidney injury (AKI), which can lengthen their hospital stay or potentially raise their chance of dying. The gut–kidney axis establishes a bidirectional interplay between gut microbiota and kidney illness, particularly AKI, and demonstrates the importance of gut microbiota to host health. Since the ability to predict neonatal AKI using blood creatinine and urine output as evaluation parameters is somewhat constrained, a number of interesting biomarkers have been developed. There are few in-depth studies on the relationships between these neonatal AKI indicators and gut microbiota. In order to gain fresh insights into the gut–kidney axis of neonatal AKI, this review is based on the gut–kidney axis and describes relationships between gut microbiota and neonatal AKI biomarkers.
Objective Acute kidney injury (AKI) is one of the most frequent complications in patients treated with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) support. The aim of this study was to investigate the risk factors of AKI in patients undergoing ECMO support. Methods We performed a retrospective cohort study which included 84 patients treated with ECMO support at intensive care unit in the People’s Hospital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region from June 2019 to December 2020. AKI was defined as per the standard definition proposed by the Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcome (KDIGO). Independent risk factors for AKI were evaluated through multivariable logistic regression analysis with stepwise backward approach. Results Among the 84 adult patients, 53.6% presented AKI within 48 h after initiation of ECMO support. Three independent risk factors of AKI were identified. The final logistic regression model included: left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) before ECMO initiation (OR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.70–0.90), sequential organ failure assessment (SOFA) score before ECMO initiation (OR, 1.41; 95% CI, 1.16–1.71), and serum lactate at 24 h after ECMO initiation (OR, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.09–1.47). The area under receiver operating characteristics of the model was 0.879. Conclusion Severity of underlying disease, cardiac dysfunction before ECMO initiation and the blood lactate level at 24 h after ECMO initiation were independent risk factors of AKI in patients who received ECMO support.
Aim The aim of this study was to determine the factors facilitating the supine percutaneous nephrolithotomy technique in learning curve, to compare the supine and prone technique results. Material and methods: 47 patients who required percutaneous nephrolithotomy were included in this study, and they were divided into two groups as supine and prone. Prone technique was performed to 24 patients in the first group. In the second group, the supine technique was performed by calculating the patient-specific access angle for 23 patients. Demographic, preoperative, intraoperative, postoperative parameters, transfusion, and complications of both groups were compared. Results: Age, gender, side, stone size, stone-free rate, and length of stay in hospital were not statistically significant between the groups. Operation and fluoroscopy time were lower in the supine group, but it was not statistically significant. The decrease in hemoglobin was higher in the supine group and it was statistically significant ( p  = 0.027). The decrease in hemoglobin was not symptomatic in both groups. In addition, transfusion rates were similar and not statistically significant. Discussion: In previous studies, the supine technique was evaluated in terms of many factors. Process steps were tried to be standardized and improvements were made in the access technique. The supine technique, which uses patient-specific access angle, has similar complication rates as the prone technique. However, the operation and fluoroscopy times are shorter than the prone technique. For surgeons on the learning curve, the supine technique is safe, feasible, and has even shorter operating times with a patient-specific access angle.
Background Latinx individuals are disproportionally burdened by kidney diseases compared to non-Latinx White individuals and are underrepresented in kidney-related research. We aimed to describe stakeholder perspectives on Latinx patient engagement in kidney-related research. Methods We conducted a thematic analysis of two online moderated discussions and an interactive online survey with open-text responses involving participants (i.e. stakeholders), with personal and/or professional experiences with Latinx patients with kidney diseases and their families/caregivers. Results Among the eight stakeholders (Female:75%; Latinx ethnicity:88%), there were three physicians, one nurse, one patient with kidney disease who received a kidney transplant, one policy maker, one Doctor of Philosophy, and one executive director of a non-profit health organization. We identified five themes. The majority of themes and their respective subthemes (in parentheses) reflected barriers to engagement: Lack of personal relevance (unable to relate to research staff and marketing resources, and unclear benefit of research to self, family, and community); fear and vulnerability (immigration concerns, stigma with seeking care, skepticism of Western medicine); logistical and financial barriers (limited opportunities to enroll in clinical trials, out-of-pocket costs, transportation issues); and distrust and asymmetry of power (related to limited English proficiency or health literacy, and provider bias). The last theme centered on stimulating interest and establishing trust in the research process. Conclusions To overcome barriers to engagement in kidney-related research and establish trust among potential Latinx research participants, stakeholders recommended employing cultural responsiveness and community-based strategies. These strategies can help identify local health priorities, enhance research recruitment and retention strategies, and establish partnerships that continue to elevate research endeavors aiming to enhance the health of Latinx individuals with kidney diseases.
Predicting and preventing new-onset chronic kidney disease (CKD) through blood pressure (BP) measurements is worthwhile. This study assessed the risk of CKD, which was defined as proteinuria and/or an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <60 mL/min/1.73 m^2, according to cross-classification by systolic and diastolic BP (SBP and DBP). This retrospective population - based cohort study analyzed data from 1,492,291 participants without CKD and without antihypertensive treatment in the JMDC database, which contains the annual health check-up data of Japanese aged <75 years. During a mean follow - up of 3.2 years, CKD incidence, proteinuria, and eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m^2 occurred in 92,587, 67,021, and 28,858 participants, respectively. When the SBP/DBP <120/<80 mmHg group was set as a reference, both high SBP and DBP were significantly associated with an elevated CKD risk. DBP tended to be more strongly associated with CKD risk than SBP; the hazard ratio of CKD was 1.44–1.80 in the group with SBP/DBP of 130–139/≥90 mmHg and 1.23–1.47 in the group with SBP/DBP of ≥140/80–89 mmHg. A similar result was observed for developing proteinuria and eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m^2. SBP/DBP ≥150/<80 mmHg was strongly associated with an elevated CKD risk due to the increased risk of eGFR decline. High BP, especially isolated high DBP levels, is a significant risk factor for CKD among individuals around middle age without kidney disease. Moreover, attention should be paid to kidney function, particularly eGFR decline, in the case of low DBP with extremely high SBP levels.
Background and objective There is currently no FDA-approved medical therapy for delayed graft function (DGF). Dexmedetomidine (DEX) has multiple reno-protective effects preventing ischemic reperfusion injury, DGF, and acute kidney injury. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the reno-protective effects of perioperative DEX during renal transplantation. Methods A systematic review and meta-analysis synthesizing randomized controlled trials (RCTs) from WOS, SCOPUS, EMBASE, PubMed, and CENTRAL until June 8th, 2022. We used the risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous outcomes and the mean difference for continuous outcomes; both presented with the corresponding 95% confidence interval (CI). We registered our protocol in PROSPERO with ID: CRD42022338898. Results We included four RCTs with 339 patients. Pooled risk ratio found no difference between DEX and placebo in reducing DGF (RR: 0.58 with 95% CI [0.34, 1.01], p = 0.05) and acute rejection (RR: 0.88 with 95% CI [0.52, 1.49], p = 0.63). However, DEX improved short-term creatinine on day 1 (MD: − 0.76 with 95% CI [− 1.23, − 0.3], p = 0.001) and day 2 (MD: − 0.28 with 95% CI [− 0.5, − 0.07], p = 0.01); and blood urea nitrogen on day 2 (MD: − 10.16 with 95% CI [− 17.21, − 3.10], p = 0.005) and day 3 (MD: − 6.72 with 95% CI [− 12.85, − 0.58], p = 0.03). Conclusion Although there is no difference between DEX and placebo regarding reducing DGF and acute rejection after kidney transplantation, there may be some evidence that it has reno-protective benefits because we found statistically significant improvement in the short-term serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen levels. More trials are required to investigate the long-term reno-protective effects of DEX.
Background Uromodulin is the most abundant protein in the urine of healthy adults, and higher urine concentrations mark better tubular health. Greater kidney size and function are predictors of higher uromodulin levels in adults. Urine uromodulin has not yet been studied in children with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Thus, we sought to determine the relationship between age and kidney function with urine uromodulin levels in children with CKD. Methods In the CKD in Children (CKiD) cohort, we utilized multivariable linear regression to evaluate the relationship of age and eGFR with urine uromodulin levels. The primary outcome was uromodulin indexed to urine creatinine (Umod/Cr, mg/g), which was log_2-transformed given its skewed distribution. Results Among 677 CKiD participants, the median age was 11.8 years (8.2–15.3), the median eGFR was 49 ml/min/1.73 m^2 (37–63), the etiology of CKD was glomerular disease in 31%, and the median Umod/Cr level was 0.114 mg/g (0.045–0.226). In the multivariable models, each one-year older age was associated with 0.18 (12%) lower log_2(Umod/Cr) and 0.20 (13%) lower log_2(Umod/Cr) among those with non-glomerular and glomerular disease, respectively ( p  < 0.001). However, we did not find a statistically significant association between eGFR and Umod/Cr in either participants with non-glomerular or glomerular disease ( p  = 0.13 and p  = 0.58, respectively). Conclusions Among children with CKD, older age is significantly associated with lower Umod/Cr, independent of eGFR. Further studies are needed to comprehensively evaluate age-specific reference ranges for urine uromodulin and to evaluate the longitudinal relationship of uromodulin with both age and eGFR in children with CKD. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Accurate interpretation of everyday laboratory work is crucial for the early detection of impaired kidney function. Bedside estimation of glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in children is based on serum creatinine standardized for body mass, most commonly using the revised Schwartz equation using height. This study evaluates how data presentation affects the correct assessment of children’s kidney function. Methods In this survey-based study, 121 physicians treating children routinely in a tertiary hospital answered 11 clinical questions requiring assessment of kidney function based on serum creatinine with general (adult) or pediatric normal serum creatinine ranges, or by presented eGFR. The demographic data of the participants were collected. Results Presenting eGFR values rather than the customary presentation of serum creatinine and anthropometric parameters more than quadrupled the number of physicians who accurately estimated pediatric kidney function; 38.8% of physicians correctly assessed kidney function when presented with eGFR values but misinterpreted it when equivalent creatinine values were presented ( p  < 0.001). Seniority, specialty, and self-reported frequency of pediatric kidney function assessment did not affect the interpretation. Conclusions Presenting physicians with calculated eGFR can dramatically improve the ability of the medical team to assess kidney function correctly in children. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT) has been expanded from simple kidney replacement therapy to the field of critical illness in children. However, CKRT is rarely used in critically ill neonates in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). This study aimed to describe patients’ clinical characteristics at admission and CKRT initiation, CKRT effects, short-term outcomes, and predictors of death in critically ill neonates. Methods A 7-year single-center retrospective study in a tertiary NICU. Results Thirty-nine critically ill neonates received CKRT between May 2015 and April 2022 with a mortality rate of 35.9%. The most common primary diagnosis was neonatal sepsis in 15 cases (38.5%). Continuous veno-venous hemodiafiltration and continuous veno-venous hemofiltration were applied in 43.6% and 56.4% of neonates, respectively. The duration of CKRT was 44 (18, 72) h. Thirty-one patients (79.5%) had complications due to CKRT-related adverse events, and the most common complication was thrombocytopenia. Approximately 12 h after the CKRT initiation, urine volume, mean arterial pressure, and pH were increased, and serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, and blood lactate were decreased. In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, neonatal critical illness score [odds ratio 0.886 (0.786 ~ 0.998), P  = 0.046] was an independent risk factor for death in critically ill neonates who received CKRT. Conclusions CKRT can be an effective and feasible technique in critically ill neonates, but the overall mortality and CKRT-related complications are relatively high. Furthermore, the probability of death is greater among neonates with greater severity of illness at CKRT initiation. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Vascular injury during laparoscopic partial nephrectomy is a dreadful complication. Though it is a commonly discussed complication, the literature on the circumstances leading to vascular injury, methods of managing the complication and reporting of final outcomes in those cases are limited. We report a case of vascular injury during laparoscopic partial nephrectomy for a hilar tumor in a solitary kidney. We highlight the management of the complication, present the outcome and review the surgical technique. Case presentation A 62-year-old male with solitary kidney presented with left renal hilar mass of size 4.4 × 3.8x3.6 cm. The renal nephrometry score was 10ph. The serum creatinine at the time of presentation to the hospital was 1.4 mg/dl. Laparoscopic partial nephrectomy was performed. The patient had severe intraoperative bleeding due to a segmental renal artery injury. The bleeding presented after hilar unclamping and was managed by intracorporeal vascular repair. The blood loss was around 500 ml. The postoperative period was uneventful without the need for hemodialysis. The histopathology report was suggestive of clear cell renal cell carcinoma with negative surgical margin. The follow-up magnetic resonance urogram did not show evidence of any arterial pseudoaneurysm or residual/recurrent tumor. At 18-month follow-up, the serum creatinine was 1.9 mg/dl and the patient did not have any complaints. Conclusions Complication of vascular injury while performing laparoscopic partial nephrectomy for complex hilar tumors should be anticipated beforehand. Contingency plans to tackle this complication must be in place before attempting the surgery. Intracorporeal repair of vascular injury during laparoscopic partial nephrectomy is feasible when expertise is available. Low threshold for using endoscopic ultrasound, employing cold ischemia techniques, careful usage of hot cut during tumor resection and complete defatting of the kidney can all be considered ‘safe surgical practices’ during laparoscopic partial nephrectomy for complex hilar tumors. Following aforementioned ‘safe surgical practices’ helps in improving the outcomes and reducing the possibility of complication of vascular injury and helps in managing the complication effectively if it happens despite the precautions.
Objectives To assess the accuracy of low-dose dual-energy computed tomography (DECT) to differentiate uric acid from non-uric acid kidney stones in two generations of dual-source DECT with stone composition analysis as the reference standard. Methods Patients who received a low-dose unenhanced DECT for the detection or follow-up of urolithiasis and stone extraction with stone composition analysis between January 2020 and January 2022 were retrospectively included. Collected stones were characterized using X-ray diffraction. Size, volume, CT attenuation, and stone characterization were assessed using DECT post-processing software. Characterization as uric acid or non-uric acid stones was compared to stone composition analysis as the reference standard. Sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy of stone classification were computed. Dose length product (DLP) and effective dose served as radiation dose estimates. Results A total of 227 stones in 203 patients were analyzed. Stone composition analysis identified 15 uric acid and 212 non-uric acid stones. Mean size and volume were 4.7 mm × 2.8 mm and 114 mm^3, respectively. CT attenuation of uric acid stones was significantly lower as compared to non-uric acid stones ( p  < 0.001). Two hundred twenty-five of 227 kidney stones were correctly classified by DECT. Pooled sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy were 1.0 (95%CI: 0.97, 1.00), 0.93 (95%CI: 0.68, 1.00), and 0.99 (95%CI: 0.97, 1.00), respectively. Eighty-two of 84 stones with a diameter of  ≤ 3 mm were correctly classified. Mean DLP was 162 ± 57 mGy*cm and effective dose was 2.43 ± 0.86 mSv. Conclusions Low-dose dual-source DECT demonstrated high accuracy to discriminate uric acid from non-uric acid stones even at small stone sizes. Key Points • Two hundred twenty-five of 227 stones were correctly classified as uric acid vs. non-uric acid stones by low-dose dual-energy CT with stone composition analysis as the reference standard . • Pooled sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy for stone characterization were 1.0, 0.93, and 0.99, respectively . • Low-dose dual-energy CT for stone characterization was feasible in the majority of small stones  < 3 mm .
Background Preterm birth alters nephrogenesis and reduces the total nephron number. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) seems to worsen nephron loss, but only a few studies have investigated its role in neonatal kidney impairment. We investigated whether IUGR, defined as reduced estimated fetal growth and/or placental flow alterations and low birth weight z -score, increases the risk of developing acute kidney injury (AKI) in very preterm infants. Methods We performed a retrospective study including infants born with a birth weight (BW) ≤ 1500 g and/or gestational age (GA) ≤ 32 weeks admitted to our center between January 2016 and December 2021. Neonatal AKI was defined according to the neonatal KDIGO classification based on the decline of urine output and/or creatinine elevation. We used multivariable linear regressions to verify the association between AKI and GA, BW z -score, IUGR definition, and hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus (PDA). Results We included 282 infants in the analysis, with a median (IQR) GA = 29.4 (27.4, 31.3) weeks, BW = 1150 (870, 1360) g, and BW z -score =  − 0.57 (− 1.64, 0.25). AKI was diagnosed in 36 (13%) patients, and 58 (21%) had PDA. AKI was significantly associated with BW z -score (beta (std. error) =  − 0.08 (0.03), p  = 0.008) and severe IUGR (beta (std. error) = 0.21 (0.08), p  = 0.009), after adjusting for GA and PDA. Conclusions Our data suggest that low BW z -score and IUGR could represent adjunctive risk factors for kidney impairment in preterm babies. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
The kidney represents an important target of systemic inflammation. Its involvement in monogenic and multifactorial autoinflammatory diseases (AIDs) vary from peculiar and relatively frequent manifestations to some rare but severe features that may end up requiring transplantation. The pathogenetic background is also very heterogeneous ranging from amyloidosis to non-amyloid related damage rooted in inflammasome activation. Kidney involvement in monogenic and polygenic AIDs may present as renal amyloidosis, IgA nephropathy, and more rarely as various forms of glomerulonephritis (GN), namely segmental glomerulosclerosis, collapsing glomerulopathy, fibrillar, or membranoproliferative GN. Vascular disorders such as thrombosis or renal aneurysms and pseudoaneurysms may be encountered in patients with Behcet’s disease. Patients with AIDs should be routinely assessed for renal involvement. Screening with urinalysis, serum creatinine, 24-h urinary protein, microhematuria, and imaging studies should be carried out for early diagnosis. Awareness of drug-induced nephrotoxicity, drug-drug interactions as well as addressing the issue of proper renal adjustment of drug doses deserve a special mention and should always be considered when dealing with patients affected by AIDs. Finally, we will explore the role of IL-1 inhibitors in AIDs patients with renal involvement. Targeting IL-1 may indeed have the potential to successfully manage kidney disease and improve long-term prognosis of AIDs patients.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a common comorbidity in people with diabetes mellitus, and a key risk factor for further life-threatening conditions such as cardiovascular disease. The early prediction of progression of CKD therefore is an important clinical goal, but remains difficult due to the multifaceted nature of the condition. We validated a set of established protein biomarkers for the prediction of trajectories of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in people with moderately advanced chronic kidney disease and diabetes mellitus. Our aim was to discern which biomarkers associate with baseline eGFR or are important for the prediction of the future eGFR trajectory. Methods We used Bayesian linear mixed models with weakly informative and shrinkage priors for clinical predictors (n = 12) and protein biomarkers (n = 19) to model eGFR trajectories in a retrospective cohort study of people with diabetes mellitus (n = 838) from the nationwide German Chronic Kidney Disease study. We used baseline eGFR to update the models’ predictions, thereby assessing the importance of the predictors and improving predictive accuracy computed using repeated cross-validation. Results The model combining clinical and protein predictors had higher predictive performance than a clinical only model, with an $$R^{2}$$ R 2 of 0.44 (95% credible interval 0.37–0.50) before, and 0.59 (95% credible interval 0.51–0.65) after updating by baseline eGFR, respectively. Only few predictors were sufficient to obtain comparable performance to the main model, with markers such as Tumor Necrosis Factor Receptor 1 and Receptor for Advanced Glycation Endproducts being associated with baseline eGFR, while Kidney Injury Molecule 1 and urine albumin-creatinine-ratio were predictive for future eGFR decline. Conclusions Protein biomarkers only modestly improve predictive accuracy compared to clinical predictors alone. The different protein markers serve different roles for the prediction of longitudinal eGFR trajectories potentially reflecting their role in the disease pathway.
Background Neonatal renal vein thrombosis (NRVT) is a rare condition with little data available. Methods We retrospectively analyzed newborns diagnosed with NRVT admitted to 3 pediatric nephrology units in Paris from 2005 to 2020. Results Twenty-seven patients were analyzed (male = 59%). The median age at diagnosis was 2.5 days (1 – 4.5). Diagnosis was suspected based on at least one of the three cardinal signs of renal vein thrombosis in 93%: flank mass (67%), hematuria (67%) and thrombocytopenia (70%). In all patients, diagnosis was confirmed by ultrasound. All patients had at least one known perinatal risk factor. A prothrombotic risk factor was found in 13 patients (48%). NRVT was unilateral in 70%, involving the left renal vein in 58%. Among 25 treated patients, 19 (76%) received low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) as initial therapy, 2 (8%) received unfractionated heparin and 4 (16%) received fibrinolysis. Median duration of treatment was 8 weeks (4 – 12). Bleeding occurred significantly more often with fibrinolysis than with LMWH/supportive therapy (3 of 4: 75% vs 0 of 4: 0%, p  = 0.05). Clot resolution in patients treated with fibrinolysis did not differ significantly from those treated with LMWH/supportive therapy. After a median follow-up of 5.7 years (3 years – 9.9 years), pathological kidney features were observed in 73% of the patients (19 of 26), kidney atrophy in 18 (69%), hypertension in 2 (8%), chronic kidney disease (CKD) in 1 (4%) and proteinuria in 2 (8%). Conclusions NRVT remains a challenging condition, which still requires further study because of its associated morbidity. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background The incidence of kidney cancer has been increasing worldwide, with variable patterns in mortality due to improved diagnostic techniques and increased survival. The mortality rates, geographical distribution and trends of kidney cancer in South America remain poorly explored. This study aims to illustrate mortality by kidney cancer in Peru. Methods A secondary data analysis of the Deceased Registry of the Peruvian Ministry of Health database, from 2008 to 2019 was conducted. Data for kidney cancer deaths were collected from health facilities distributed throughout the country. We estimated age-standardized mortality rates (ASMR) per 100,000 persons and provided an overview of trends from 2008 to 2019. A cluster map shows the relationships among 3 regions. Results A total of 4221 deaths by kidney cancer were reported in Peru between 2008 and 2019. ASMR for Peruvian men ranged from 1.15 to 2008 to 1.87 in 2019, and from 0.68 to 2008 to 0.82 in 2019 in women. The mortality rates by kidney cancer rose in most regions, although they were not significant. Callao and Lambayeque provinces reported the highest mortality rates. The rainforest provinces had a positive spatial autocorrelation and significant clustering (p < 0.05) with the lowest rates in Loreto and Ucayali. Conclusion Mortality by kidney cancer has increased in Peru, being a trend that disproportionally affects more men than women. While the coast, especially Callao and Lambayeque, present the highest kidney cancer mortality rates, the rainforest has the lowest rates, especially among women. Lack of diagnosis and reporting systems may confound these results.
Despite kidney transplantation having superior outcomes to dialytic therapies, disparities continue to exist among rates of kidney transplantation between Black and non-Hispanic White patients, which cannot be explained by differences in individual characteristics. To better evaluate the persistent Black/White disparities in living kidney transplantation, we review the extant literature and include the critical factors and recent development in living kidney transplantation in the socioecological approach. We also emphasize the potential vertical and hierarchical associations among factors in the socioecological model. Specifically, this review explores the possibility that the relatively low living kidney transplantation among Blacks may be a consequence of individual, interpersonal, and structural inequalities in various social and cultural dimensions. At the individual level, the Black/White differences in socioeconomic conditions and transplant knowledge may account for the low transplantation rates among Blacks. Interpersonally, the relatively weak social support and poor communication between Black patients and their providers may contribute to disparities. At the structural level, the race-based glomerular filtration rate (GFR) calculation that is widely used to screen Black donors is a barrier to receiving living kidney transplantation. This factor is directly related to structural racism in the health care system but its potential impact on living donor transplantation is underexplored. Finally, this literature review emphasizes the current perspective that a race-free GFR should be considered and a multidisciplinary and interprofessional perspective is necessary to devise strategies and interventions to reduce the Black/White disparities in living donor kidney transplantation in the U.S.
Background The concept of acute kidney injury (AKI) substages has been recommended to better phenotype AKI and identify high-risk patient groups and therefore improve the diagnostic accuracy of AKI. However, there remains a gap between the recommendation and the clinical application. The study aimed to explore the incidence of AKI substages based on a sensitive AKI biomarker of urinary cystatin C (uCysC), and to determine whether AKI substages were relevant with respect to outcome in critically ill children. Results The multicenter cohort study enrolled 793 children in pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) of four tertiary hospitals in China. Children were classified as non-AKI, sub-AKI and AKI substages A and B according to uCysC level at PICU admission. Sub-AKI was defined by admission uCysC level ≥ 1.26 mg/g uCr in children not meeting the KDIGO criteria of AKI. In children who fulfilled KDIGO criteria, those with uCysC < 1.26 was defined as AKI substage A, and with ≥ 1.26 defined as AKI substage B. The associations of AKI substages with 30-day PICU mortality were assessed. 15.6% (124/793) of patients met the definition of sub-AKI. Of 180 (22.7%) patients with AKI, 90 (50%) had uCysC-positive AKI substage B and were more likely to have classical AKI stage 3, compared to substage A. Compared to non-AKI, sub-AKI and AKI substages A and B were risk factors significantly associated with mortality, and the association of sub-AKI (adjusted hazard ratio HR = 2.42) and AKI substage B (adjusted HR = 2.83) with mortality remained significant after adjustment for confounders. Moreover, AKI substage B had increased risks of death as compared with sub-AKI (HR = 3.10) and AKI substage A (HR = 3.19). Conclusions Sub-AKI defined/based on uCysC occurred in 20.2% of patients without AKI and was associated with a risk of death close to patients with AKI substage A. Urinary CysC-positive AKI substage B occurred in 50% of AKI patients and was more likely to have classical AKI stage 3 and was associated with the highest risk of mortality.
Background Acute kidney injury is a frequent cause of hospital readmission in kidney transplant recipients (KTR), usually associated with infections and graft rejection. Herein, we report a case of an unusual cause of acute kidney injury in a KTR (massive histiocytes renal interstitial infiltration). Case presentation A 40-year-old woman was submitted to a second kidney transplant. One year after surgery, she presented asthenia, myalgia, and fever, haemoglobin 6.1 g/dL; neutrophils: 1.3 × 109/µL; platelets: 143 × 109/µL; blood creatinine 11.8 mg/dL, requiring dialysis. A kidney biopsy revealed diffuse histiocytic infiltration, which was assumed due to dysregulated immunological activation triggered by infections. The patient had multiple infections, including cytomegalovirus infection (CMV), aspergillosis, bacteraemia, and urinary tract infections, which could trigger the immune response. Haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH) was ruled out. The present case highlights the occurrence of isolated massive renal interstitial infiltration of histiocytes that does not meet the criteria for HLH or other related pathologies. Conclusions Renal histiocyte activation and infiltration may have been initiated by an immunological mechanism similar to what occurs in HLH and infectious processes. The present case highlights the occurrence of isolated massive renal interstitial infiltration of histiocytes that does not meet the criteria for HLH or other related pathologies.
Cardiac alteration due to chronic kidney disease is described by tissue fibrosis. This remodeling involves myofibroblasts of various origins, including epithelial or endothelial to mesenchymal transitions. In addition, obesity and insulin resistance together or separately seem to exacerbate cardiovascular risk in chronic kidney disease (CKD). The main objective of this study was to assess if pre-existing metabolic disease exacerbates CKD-induced cardiac alterations. In addition, we hypothesised that endothelial to mesenchymal transition participates in this enhancement of cardiac fibrosis. Rats fed cafeteria type diet for 6 months underwent a subtotal nephrectomy at 4 months. Cardiac fibrosis was evaluated by histology and qRT-PCR. Collagens and macrophages were quantified by immunohistochemistry. Endothelial to mesenchymal transitions were assessed by qRT-PCR (CD31, VE-cadherin, α-SMA, nestin) and also by CD31 immunofluorescence staining. Rats fed with cafeteria type regimen were obese, hypertensive and insulin resistant. Cardiac fibrosis was predominant in CKD rats and was highly majored by cafeteria regimen. Collagen-1 and nestin expressions were higher in CKD rats, independently of regimen. Interestingly, in rats with CKD and cafeteria diet we found an increase of CD31 and α-SMA co-staining with suggest an implication of endothelial to mesenchymal transition during heart fibrosis. We showed that rats already obese and insulin resistant had an enhanced cardiac alteration to a subsequent renal injury. Cardiac fibrosis process could be supported by a involvement of the endothelial to mesenchymal transition phenomenon.
Background Oxaliplatin is an anticancer therapy for pancreatic, gastric, and colorectal cancers. It is also used in patients with carcinomas of unknown primary sites. Oxaliplatin is associated with less frequent renal dysfunction than other conventional platinum-based drugs such as cisplatin. Albeit, there have been several reports of acute kidney injury with frequent use. In all cases, renal dysfunction was temporary and did not require maintenance dialysis. There have been no previous reports of irreversible renal dysfunction after a single dose of oxaliplatin. Case presentation Previous reports of oxaliplatin-induced renal injury occurred after patients received multiples doses. In this study, a 75-year-old male with unknown primary cancer and underlying chronic kidney disease developed acute renal failure after receiving the first dose of oxaliplatin. Suspected of having drug-induced renal failure through an immunological mechanism, the patient was treated with steroids; however, treatment was ineffective. Renal biopsy ruled out interstitial nephritis and revealed acute tubular necrosis. Renal failure was irreversible, and the patient subsequently required maintenance hemodialysis. Conclusions We provide the first report of pathology-confirmed acute tubular necrosis after the first dose of oxaliplatin which led to irreversible renal dysfunction and maintenance dialysis.
Urinary stone disease is common and affects approximately 10% of the American adults. The role of diet in stone formation is well-recognized; however, the literature focus has been on dietary excess rather than micronutrient inadequacy. As patients with stones may be at risk for nutrient inadequacies, we investigated the role of micronutrient inadequacy in stone formation by performing a cross-sectional analysis of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey on adults who were not taking dietary supplements. Micronutrient intake was obtained from 24-h dietary recalls, and usual intake was calculated. Survey-weighted, adjusted logistic regression was used for an incident analysis on having any history of stones. An additional analysis on recurrent stone-formers was performed with the outcome being 2 or more stones passed. Finally, a sensitivity analysis using quasi-Poisson regression was performed with the outcome being number of stones passed. There were 9777 respondents representing 81,087,345 adults, of which 9.36% had a stone history. Our incident analysis revealed inadequate vitamin A intake to be associated with stone formation (OR 1.33, 95% CI: 1.03–1.71). Recurrent analysis did not find any significant associations, while our sensitivity analysis revealed inadequate vitamin A (IRR 1.96, 95% CI: 1.28–3.00) and pyridoxine (IRR 1.99, 95% CI: 1.11–3.55) to be associated with a higher number of recurrent stones. Hence, inadequate dietary intake of vitamin A and pyridoxine was associated with nephrolithiasis. Further research is needed to identify the roles of these micronutrients in stone-formers and the potential for evaluation and treatment.
The objective of this study is to evaluate the conventional dietary recommendations for stone prevention among patients in the National Health and Nutritional Examination Survey (NHANES) and compare dietary components and special diets between stone formers and non-stone formers. We analyzed the NHANES 2011–2018 dietary and kidney condition questionnaires, among 16,939 respondents who were included in this analysis. Dietary variables were selected based on the American Urological Association (AUA) guideline for Medical Management of Kidney Stones and from other studies on kidney stone prevention. Weighted multivariate logistic regression models were used to assess the relationship of dietary food components (categorized into quartiles) and dietary recommendations with kidney stone formation (yes vs no), adjusted for total caloric intake, comorbidities, age, race/ethnicity, and sex. The prevalence of kidney stones was 9.9%. Our results showed association of kidney stones with lower levels of potassium ( p for trend = 0.047), which was strongest for < 2000 mg (OR = 1.35; 95% CI 1.01–1.79). Higher vitamin C intake was inversely associated with stone formation ( p for trend = 0.012), particularly at daily intake levels between 60 and 110 mg (OR = 0.76; 95% CI 0.60–0.95) and above 110mcg (OR = 0.80; 95% CI 0.66–0.97). There were no associations between other dietary components and kidney stone formation. Higher levels of dietary vitamin C and potassium intake may be indicated for stone prevention and warrants further investigation.
Background The aim of this study was to explore the mechanism of complement C3a mediating podocyte injury during ischemia–reperfusion acute kidney injury (IR-AKI) and post-injury fibrosis. Methods Renal artery clamping was used to establish IR-AKI and post-injury fibrosis model. HE and Masson staining were performed to observe renal fibrosis. The protein abundance levels were measured along with inflammatory markers, renal complement C3. Podocytes were treated with C3a with or without Toll-like receptor 4(TLR4) inhibitor. The effects of TLR4 up-regulation by TLR4 plasmids were examined. Results C3^−/− resulted in amelioration of renal dysfunction by reducing podocyte damage and renal fibrosis. Immunoblot with renal tissue homogenates from IR-AKI mice revealed that C3^−/− decreased TLR4/Nuclear Factor-κB (NFκB)-P65. Conclusion Our results indicate that modulating C3/TLR4/NFκB-P65 signaling pathway is a novel therapeutic target for the IR-AKI and post-injury fibrosis. Graphical Abstract 
Background End-stage renal disease (ESRD) is the final stage of chronic kidney disease (CKD). In addition to the structurally intact chromosome genomic DNA, there is a double-stranded circular DNA called extrachromosomal circular DNA (eccDNA), which is thought to be involved in the epigenetic regulation of human disease. However, the features of eccDNA in ESRD patients are barely known. In this study, we identified eccDNA from ESRD patients and healthy people, as well as revealed the characteristics of eccDNA in patients with ESRD. Methods Using the high-throughput Circle-Sequencing technique, we examined the eccDNA in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from healthy people (NC) ( n  = 12) and ESRD patients ( n  = 16). We analyzed the length distribution, genome elements, and motifs feature of eccDNA in ESRD patients. Then, after identifying the specific eccDNA in ESRD patients, we explored the potential functions of the target genes of the specific eccDNA. Finally, we investigated the probable hub eccDNA using algorithms. Results In total, 14,431 and 11,324 eccDNAs were found in the ESRD and NC groups, respectively, with sizes ranging from 0.01 kb to 60 kb at most. Additionally, the ESRD group had a greater distribution of eccDNA on chromosomes 4, 11, 13, and 20. In two groups, we also discovered several motifs of specific eccDNAs. Furthermore, we identified 13,715 specific eccDNAs in the ESRD group and 10,585 specific eccDNAs in the NC group, both of which were largely annotated as mRNA catalog. Pathway studies using Gene Ontology (GO) and the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) showed that the specific eccDNA in ESRD was markedly enriched in cell junction and communication pathways. Furthermore, we identified potentially 20 hub eccDNA-targeting genes from all ESRD-specific eccDNA-targeting genes. Also, we found that 39 eccDNA-targeting genes were associated with ESRD, and some of these eccDNAs may be related to the pathogenesis of ESRD. Conclusions Our findings revealed the characteristics of eccDNA in ESRD patients and discovered potentially hub and ESRD-relevant eccDNA-targeting genes, suggesting a novel probable mechanism of ESRD.
Background Acute Kidney Injury (AKI) complicates a substantial part of patients with COVID-19. Direct viral penetration of renal cells through the Angiotensin Converting Enzyme 2 receptor, and indirect damage by the aberrant inflammatory response characteristic of COVID-19 are likely mechanisms. Nevertheless, other common respiratory viruses such as Influenza and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) are also associated with AKI. Methods We retrospectively compared the incidence, risk factors and outcomes of AKI among patients who were admitted to a tertiary hospital because of infection with COVID-19, influenza (A + B) or RSV. Results We collected data of 2593 patients hospitalized with COVID-19, 2041 patients with influenza and 429 with RSV. Patients affected by RSV were older, had more comorbidities and presented with higher rates of AKI at admission and within 7 days (11.7% vs. 13.3% vs. 18% for COVID-19, influenza and RSV, respectively p =  0.001). Nevertheless, patients hospitalized with COVID-19 had higher mortality (18% with COVID-19 vs. 8.6% and 13.5% for influenza and RSV, respectively P <  0.001) and higher need of mechanical ventilation (12.4% vs. 6.5% vs.8.2% for COVID-19, influenza and RSV, respectively, P =  0.002). High ferritin levels and low oxygen saturation were independent risk factors for severe AKI only in the COVID-19 group. AKI in the first 48 h of admission and in the first 7 days of hospitalization were strong independent risk factors for adverse outcome in all groups. Conclusion Despite many reports of direct kidney injury by SARS-COV-2, AKI was less in patients with COVID-19 compared to influenza and RSV patients. AKI was a prognostic marker for adverse outcome across all viruses. Graphical abstract 
Chronic kidney disease is among the most common causes of mortality and morbidity in adult population with limited therapeutic approaches including various medications and kidney replacement therapies. Kidney transplantation is the gold standard therapeutic alternative for the management of chronic kidney disease; nonetheless, important drawbacks include the lack of adequate living or deceased donors, high rates of pre- and post-operative complications including surgical complications, infectious complications and medication-induced adverse effects. With the latest preclinical and in vitro studies demonstrating the potentiality of kidney cells obtained from diseased kidneys to convert into fully functional kidney cells lead to a novel therapeutic alternative referred as autologous selected renal cell transplantation. Even though the clinical studies investigating the efficiency and adverse effects of autologous selected renal cell transplantation are limited, it is no doubt promising. The need for future large-scale studies on chronic kidney disease patients from a diversity of etiologies is clear for the better establishment of the therapeutic potential of autologous selected renal cell transplantation. In this narrative review, our aim is to evaluate the role of renal autologous stem cell therapy in the management of chronic kidney disease.
Introduction In hospitalized patients with acute renal injury (AKI), acute tubulointerstitial nephritis (AIN) constitutes one of the leading etiologies. The objective of this study was to identify clinical and biochemical variables in patients with AKI associated with kidney biopsy-confirmed AIN. Methods For our prospective study, we recruited hospitalized patients aged 18 years and older who were diagnosed with AKI based on biochemical criteria. Prior to enrollment, each patient was assessed with a complete metabolic panel and a kidney biopsy. Results The study consisted of 42 patients (with a mean age of 45 years) and equal numbers of male and female patients. Diabetes and hypertension were the main comorbidities. Nineteen patients had histological findings consistent with AIN. There was a correlation between histology and the BUN/creatinine ratio (BCR) (r = -0.57, p  = 0.001). The optimal Youden point for classifying AIN via a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was a BCR ≤ 12 (AUC = 0.73, p  = 0.024). Additionally, in diagnosing AIN, BCR had a sensitivity of 76%, a specificity of 81%, a positive predictive value of 81%, a negative predictive value of 76%, and OR of 14 (95% CI = 2.6 to 75.7, p  = 0.021). In the multivariable analysis, BCR was the sole variable associated with AIN. Conclusion A BCR ≤ 12 identifies AIN in patients with AKI. This study is the first to prospectively assess the relationship between renal biopsy results and BCR.
Background Cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury (AKI) is common during preoperative chemotherapy for esophageal cancer. The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between AKI after preoperative chemotherapy and postoperative complications in patients with esophageal cancer. Methods In this retrospective cohort study, we included patients who had received preoperative chemotherapy with cisplatin and underwent surgical resection for esophageal cancer under general anesthesia from January 2017 to February 2022 at an education hospital. A predictor was stage 2 or higher cisplatin-induced AKI (c-AKI) defined by the KDIGO criteria within 10 days after chemotherapy. Outcomes were postoperative complications and length of hospital stays. Associations between c-AKI and outcomes including postoperative complications and length of hospital stays were examined with logistic regression models. Results Among 101 subjects, 22 developed c-AKI with full recovery of the estimated glomerular filtration (eGFR) before surgery. Demographics were not significantly different between patients with and without c-AKI. Patients with c-AKI had significantly longer hospital stays than those without c-AKI [mean (95% confidence interval (95%CI)) 27.6 days (23.3–31.9) and 43.8 days (26.5–61.2), respectively, mean difference (95%CI) 16.2 days (4.4–28.1)]. Those with c-AKI had higher C-reactive protein (CRP) levels and prolonged weight gain after surgery and before the events of interest despite having comparable eGFR trajectories after surgery. c-AKI was significantly associated with anastomotic leakage and postoperative pneumonia [odds ratios (95%CI) 4.14 (1.30–13.18) and 3.87 (1.35–11.0), respectively]. Propensity score adjustment and inverse probability weighing yielded similar results. Mediation analysis showed that a higher incidence of anastomotic leakage in patients with c-AKI was primarily mediated by CRP levels (mediation percentage 48%). Conclusion c-AKI after preoperative chemotherapy in esophageal cancer patients was significantly associated with the development of postoperative complications and led to a resultant longer hospital stay. Increased vascular permeability and tissue edema due to prolonged inflammation might explain the mechanisms for the higher incidence of postoperative complications.
The association between selenium (Se) and lipid profile has been controversial in different populations, and the aim of the study was to investigate the relationship between Se and lipid profile in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). A total of 861 US adult patients with CKD (male: female = 404:457) from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey database were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. We used smoothing spline plots and multivariate binary logistic regression analyses to elucidate the relationships between blood Se and lipid profile. Multivariate adjusted smoothing spline plots showed that higher levels of blood Se were associated with higher levels of serum remnant cholesterol (RC), total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Threshold and saturation effects were also observed between serum RC, TC, TG, LDL-C, and blood Se. In multivariate binary logistic regression analyses, the fully adjusted model showed that as blood Se increases by every 1 µg/L, the OR of high RC, high TG and high LDL-C in patients was 1.012 (95% CI: 1.001, 1.023 P  = 0.046), 1.011 (95% CI: 1.001, 1.021 P = 0.043) and 1.009 (95% CI: 1.003, 1.016 P  = 0.012), respectively. Furthermore, stratified analyses showed that the associations between blood Se and high RC/high TG were significantly stronger in patients aged < 65 years. Higher levels of blood Se were associated with increased serum lipid profile levels and increased risk of high RC, high TC, high LDL-C, and low HDL-C dyslipidemia in adult patients with CKD in the US. However, the real associations between blood Se and lipid profiles in this population should be verified in future prospective and randomized trials.
Background Mitochondrial dysfunction is considered to be an important contributor in podocyte injury under diabetic conditions. The BaoShenTongLuo (BSTL) formula has been shown to reduce podocyte damage and postpone the progression of diabetic kidney disease (DKD). The potential mechanisms underlying the effects of BSTL, however, have yet to be elucidated. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether the effects of BSTL are related to the regulation of mitochondrial biogenesis via the adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) pathway. Methods High-Performance Liquid Chromatography Electrospray Ionization Mass Spectrometer (HPLC–ESI–MS) analysis was performed to investigate the characteristics of pure compounds in BSTL. db/db mice and mouse podocyte clone-5 (MPC5) cells were exposed to high glucose (HG) to induce DKD and podocyte damage. Body weight, random blood glucose, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR), indicators of renal function and renal histological lesions were measured. Markers of podocyte injury, mitochondrial morphology, mitochondrial deoxyribonucleic acid (mtDNA) content, mitochondrial respiratory chain complexes activities, reactive oxygen species (ROS) production, and mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP) levels were assessed. Protein expressions of AMPK, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1 alpha (PGC-1α), transcription factor A (TFAM), mitochondrial fusion protein 2 (MFN2) and dynamin-related protein 1 (DRP1) were also detected. MPC5 cells were transfected with AMPKα small interfering RNA (AMPKα siRNA) to determine the underlying mechanisms of BSTL improvement of mitochondrial function under diabetic conditions. Results In vivo, treatment with BSTL reduced the UACR levels, reversed the histopathological changes in renal tissues, and alleviated the podocyte injury observed in db/db mice. After BSTL treatment, the decreased mtDNA content and mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I, III, and IV activities were significantly improved, and these effects were accompanied by maintenance of the protein expression of p-AMPKαT172, PGC-1α, TFAM and MFN2. The in vitro experiments also showed that BSTL reduced podocyte apoptosis, suppressed excessive cellular ROS production, and reversed the decreased in MMP that were observed under HG conditions. More importantly, the effects of BSTL in enhancing mitochondrial biogenesis and reducing podocyte apoptosis were inhibited in AMPKα siRNA-treated podocytes. Conclusion BSTL plays a crucial role in protecting against podocyte injury by regulating the AMPK-mediated mitochondrial biogenesis in DKD.
Background Idiopathic systemic capillary leak syndrome (ISCLS) is a rare disease characterized by recurrent episodes of acute life-threatening attacks of shock, hemoconcentration, and hypoalbuminemia. Increase in capillary permeability results in reversible plasma movement into the interstitial spaces followed by appearance of related symptoms or complications, including renal failure. This condition can be potentially life-threatening; however, it is easily misdiagnosed. Case presentation A 47-year-old man with no previous medical history presented to the emergency department after experiencing general weakness and abdominal pain. He developed hypovolemic shock within 3 h of presentation and initial laboratory tests showed hemoconcentration, hypoalbuminemia and acute kidney injury. Following vigorous fluid therapy and supportive care, the patient recovered, but a similar episode recurred after 4 months without any specific trigger. Based on the combined clinical manifestations and laboratory findings of both the attacks, he was diagnosed with ISCLS. Symptomatic relief was achieved via oxygen supplementation and massive volume replacement using normal saline and the patient was prescribed bambuterol 10 mg and theophylline 400 mg once-a-day. He was discharged from the hospital on day 5 of hospitalization. Thereafter, the patient has been followed for 5 years without any symptoms or recurrence of ISCLS even in the situation of COVID-19 infection. Conclusions ISCLS is an extremely infrequent and commonly misdiagnosed disease. However, early diagnosis, treatment and prophylaxis through accumulated clinical data can prevent ISCLS recurrence and the development of related fatal complications. Therefore, clinicians need to be well aware of the variety of clinical characteristics and treatment options of this disease.
Background The systemic immune-inflammation index (SII) is an emerging prognostic marker of cancer. We aimed to explore the predictive ability of the SII on acute kidney injury (AKI) and prognosis in patients with spontaneous cerebral hemorrhage (SCH) who underwent craniotomy. Methods Patients with SCH who underwent craniotomy between 2014 and 2021 were enrolled in this study. The epidemiology and predictive factors for AKI after SCH were analyzed. The prognostic factors for clinical outcomes in patients with SCH and AKI were further investigated. The prognostic factors were then analyzed using a logistic regression model and a receiver operating characteristic curve. Results In total, 305 patients were enrolled in this study. Of these, 129 (42.3%) patients presented with AKI, and 176 (57.7%) patients were unremarkable. The SII (odds ratio [OR], 1.261; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.036–1.553; P  = 0.020) values and serum uric acid levels (OR, 1.004; 95% CI, 1.001–1.007; P  = 0.005) were significant predictors of AKI after SCH craniotomy. The SII cutoff value was 1794.43 (area under the curve [AUC], 0.669; 95% CI, 0.608–0.730; P  < 0.001; sensitivity, 65.9%; specificity, 65.1%). Of the patients with AKI, 95 and 34 achieved poor and good outcomes, respectively. SII values (OR, 2.667; 95% CI, 1.167–6.095; P  = 0.020), systemic inflammation response index values (OR, 1.529; 95% CI, 1.064–2.198; P  = 0.022), and Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) scores on admission (OR, 0.593; 95% CI, 0.437–0.805; P  = 0.001) were significant in the multivariate logistic regression analysis. The cutoff SII value was 2053.51 (AUC, 0.886; 95% CI, 0.827–0.946; P  < 0.001; sensitivity, 78.9%; specificity, 88.2%). Conclusions The SII may predict AKI in patients with SCH who underwent craniotomy and may also predict the short-term prognosis of these patients.
Kidney, bladder, and prostate cancer are the three major tumor types of the urologic system that seriously threaten human health. Circular RNAs (CircRNAs), special non-coding RNAs with a stabile structure and a unique back-splicing loop-forming ability, have received recent scientific attention. CircRNAs are widely distributed within the body, with important biologic functions such as sponges for microRNAs, as RNA binding proteins, and as templates for regulation of transcription and protein translation. The abnormal expression of circRNAs in vivo is significantly associated with the development of urologic tumors. CircRNAs have now emerged as potential biomarkers for the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic tumors, as well as targets for the development of new therapies. Although we have gained a better understanding of circRNA, there are still many questions to be answered. In this review, we summarize the properties of circRNAs and detail their function, focusing on the effects of circRNA on proliferation, metastasis, apoptosis, metabolism, and drug resistance in kidney, bladder, and prostate cancers.
Purpose To examine the relationship between Neutrophil–Lymphocyte Ratio (NLR) and Acute Kidney Injury (AKI) in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery, and subgroup analysis was performed for different types of non-cardiac surgery. Methods The present retrospective cohort study included 10,159 adult patients who underwent major noncardiac surgery at Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, between 2008 and 2018. Postoperative AKI was defined as an increase in serum creatinine level of at least 0.3 mg/dl within 48 h, or 1.5 times higher than baseline within 7 days postoperatively according to the Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcome. The correlation between preoperative NLR and postoperative AKI was determined by stepwise multivariate logistic regression analysis, and the predictive value of NLR was evaluated by the receiver operating characteristics curve (ROC) analysis. Results Four hundred and eighty-five (4.77%) patients developed AKI postoperatively. Preoperative NLR was independently associated with postoperative AKI in all patients undergoing non-cardiac surgery (Odds ratio [OR], 1.03; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.00–1.06). The optimal cut-off value of NLR was 2.12 according ROC analysis. The OR and 95% CI of AKI for NLR > 2.12 was 1.48 (1.21–1.81) compared with NLR ≤ 2.12. In addition, the positive association was mainly shown in patients undergone digestive system surgery with a cut-off value of 2.12 but not in neurological and musculoskeletal system surgeries. Conclusion The present study confirmed the association of preoperative NLR with postoperative AKI in digestive system surgical patients. A NLR value of 2.12 may be a useful cut-off to evaluate the risk of AKI.
Non-attendance to kidney transplant evaluation (KTE) appointments is a barrier to optimal care for those with kidney failure. We examined the medical and socio-cultural factors that predict KTE non-attendance to identify opportunities for integrated medical teams to intervene. Patients scheduled for KTE between May, 2015 and June, 2018 completed an interview before their initial KTE appointment. The interview assessed various social determinants of health, including demographic (e.g., income), medical (e.g. co-morbidities), transplant knowledge, cultural (e.g., medical mistrust), and psychosocial (e.g., social support) factors. We used multiple logistic regression analysis to determine the strongest predictor of KTE non-attendance. Our sample ( N  = 1119) was 37% female, 76% non-Hispanic White, median age 59.4 years (IQR 49.2–67.5). Of note, 142 (13%) never attended an initial KTE clinic appointment. Being on dialysis predicted higher odds of KTE non-attendance (OR 1.76; p  = .02; 64% of KTE attendees on dialysis vs. 77% of non-attendees on dialysis). Transplant and nephrology teams should consider working collaboratively with dialysis units to better coordinate care, (e.g., resources to attend appointment or outreach to emphasize the importance of transplant) adjusting the KTE referral and evaluation process to address access issues (e.g., using tele-health) and encouraging partnership with clinical psychologists to promote quality of life for those on dialysis.
Bisphenol A (BPA) exposure has been shown to induce oxidative stress. Despite advances in medicine, treatment implementation remains a challenge; however, medicinal plants have shown usefulness in the management of oxidative stress-induced pathogenesis. The study explored the effect of ethanolic extracts of Petiveria alliacea ( P. alliacea ), commonly called green hen weed in BPA-induced alterations in the hepato-renal system of a rat model. BPA-intoxicated rats were given water, 50, 100, and 200 mg/kg ethanolic extracts of P. alliacea (EPA) separately for 21 days. BPA administration increased plasma alanine transferase, aspartate transferase, creatinine, and total bilirubin. Furthermore, it decreased the activity of catalase, glutathione-S-transferase, glutathione, and malondialdehyde concentrations in the kidney and liver. Administration of EPA at all doses restored all the values to near normalcy relative to the control in both the kidney and liver. Histology also confirmed these findings. Ethanolic leaf extracts of P. alliacea provide protection against BPA-induced toxicity in the hepato-renal system through the antioxidant pathways.
Background Few works have analyzed factors associated with urine output in ADPKD patients taking tolvaptan (TVP). Methods We selected 24-h urine samples from ADPKD patients treated with TVP. Urine osmolality/creatinine ratio was used as estimator of urinary osmolar load. Results We included 127 urine samples from 61 patients. After TVP, urine output doubled with a parallel reduction in urine solute concentration. However, when expressed as urine solute/creatinine ratios, no significant changes were observed. Daily osmolar load and osmolality/creatinine ratio did not change significantly. Before TVP, urine output was positively correlated with body weight and urine osmolality/creatinine ratio and negatively with eGFR, urine morning osmolality, and 24-h urine-calculated osmolality. After TVP, urine output was positively correlated with body weight, eGFR and negatively with age. There was a poor correlation with urine-calculated osmolality. We constructed a predictor model using mixed-effects modeling and we found that urine output was related to lower age, higher body weight, higher eGFR, and greater doses of TVP. When body weight was removed, urine output was also related to male sex and a higher daily osmolar excretion. Equation of prediction was: Urine output (mL/day) = 2771–52.9 × Age (years) + 58.4 × Weight (kg) + 18.7 × eGFR (mL/min) + 870 (if TVP = 90/30 mg) + 517 (if TVP = 60/30 mg). Conclusion Patients taking TVP will undergo an increase about twice in urine production from baseline. Greater doses of TVP cause a progressive increase in urine production. GFR, age, and body weight are the main predictors of future urine output in patients taking TVP.
Background Nephrolithiasis as a feature of rheumatologic diseases is under recognized. Understanding presenting features, diagnostic testing is crucial to proper management. Case presentation A 32 year old woman with a history of recurrent complicated nephrolithiasis presented to a rheumatologist for a several month history of fatigue, dry eyes, dry mouth, arthralgias. She had a positive double-stranded DNA, positive SSA and SSB antibodies. She was diagnosed with Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) and Sjogren's syndrome and was started on mycophenalate mofetil. Of relevance was a visit to her local emergency room 4 years earlier with profound weakness with unexplained marked hypokalemia and a non-anion gap metabolic acidosis. Approximately one year after that episode she developed flank pain and nephrocalcinosis. She had multiple issues over the ensuing years with stones and infections on both sides. Interventions included extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy as well as open lithotomy and eventual auto-transplantation of left kidney for recurrent ureteric stenosis. 24 h stone profile revealed marked hypocitraturia, normal urine calcium, normal urine oxalate and uric acid. She was treated with potassium citrate. Mycophenolate was eventually stopped due to recurrent urinary tract infections and she was started on Belimumab. Because of recurrent SLE flares, treatment was changed to Rituximab (every 6 months) with clinical and serologic improvement. Her kidney stone frequency gradually improved and no further interventions needed although she continued to require citrate repletion for hypocitraturia. Conclusions Nephrolithiasis can be a prominent and even presenting feature in Sjogrens syndrome as well as other rheumatologic diseases. Prompt recognition and understanding disease mechanisms is important for best therapeutic interventions for kidney stone prevention as well as treatment of underlying bone mineral disease.
The renin-angiotensin system (RAS) plays a pivotal role in the maintenance of volume homeostasis and blood pressure. In addition to the well-studied systemic RAS, local RAS have been documented in various tissues, including the kidney. Given the role of the intrarenal RAS in the pathogenesis of hypertension, a role established via various pharmacologic and genetic studies, substantial efforts have been made to unravel the processes that govern intrarenal RAS activity. In particular, several mechanisms have been proposed to explain the rise in intrarenal angiotensin II (Ang II) that accompanies Ang II infusion, including increased angiotensin type 1 receptor (AT1R)-mediated uptake of Ang II and enhanced intrarenal Ang II production. However, experimentally isolating their contribution to the intrarenal accumulation of Ang II in Ang II–induced hypertension is challenging, given that they are fundamentally connected. Computational modelling is advantageous because the feedback underlying each mechanism can be removed and the effect on intrarenal Ang II can be studied. In this work, the mechanisms governing the intrarenal accumulation of Ang II during Ang II infusion experiments are delineated and the role of the intrarenal RAS in Ang II-induced hypertension is studied. To accomplish this, a compartmental ODE model of the systemic and intrarenal RAS is developed and Ang II infusion experiments are simulated. Simulations indicate that AT1R-mediated uptake of Ang II is the primary mechanism by which Ang II accumulates in the kidney during Ang II infusion. Enhanced local Ang II production is unnecessary. The results demonstrate the role of the intrarenal RAS in the pathogenesis of Ang II-induced hypertension and consequently, clinical hypertension associated with an overactive RAS.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has a significant impact on global health. Studies have shown that subclinical thyroid dysfunction may be related to CKD, but the association between subclinical thyroid dysfunction and CKD in the general population is unclear. We aimed to evaluate the risk of CKD according to thyroid function status in a large cohort. Methods We analyzed data from a nationwide, population-based, cross-sectional survey (KNHANES VI). A total of 3,257 participants aged ≥ 19 years who underwent thyroid and kidney function assessments were included in this study. CKD was defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2 and/or urine albumin-creatinine ratio ≥ 30 mg/g. The risk of CKD according to thyroid function status was assessed using logistic regression, adjusted for potential confounders. Results Overall, 6.7% of the participants had CKD. There were no significant differences in thyroid-stimulating hormone and free thyroxine levels between the groups with and without CKD. The proportion of participants with CKD was significantly different among the thyroid function status groups (p = 0.012) and tended to increase significantly in the following order: subclinical hyperthyroidism (1.5%), euthyroidism (6.6%), and subclinical hypothyroidism (12.6%) (p for trend < 0.001). Subclinical hypothyroidism was a significant risk factor for CKD, even after adjusting for sex, age, household income, education, smoking, alcohol consumption, walking activity, abdominal obesity, hypertension, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, elevated triglycerides, hyperglycemia, free thyroxine, and thyroid-peroxidase anibody (odds ratio 2.161, 95% confidence interval 1.032–4.527, p = 0.041). Conclusion Subclinical hypothyroidism is an independent predictor of CKD in the general population.
Introduction Contrast-induced acute kidney injury (CI-AKI) is known to be a complication of using intravascular contrast injection. Unfortunately, it is associated with adverse outcomes such as prolonged length of hospitalization and increased burden of health care costs. So, we aimed to determine the efficacy of febuxostat in the prevention of contrast-induced acute kidney injury among patients with chronic kidney disease Stage 3 performing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods In a randomized controlled trial we enrolled 120 CKD stage 3 Patients with acute coronary syndrome referred to the cardiology department Ain-Shams University hospital for performing PCI and stenting. Patients were randomly assigned to two arms: Group I (study group): Included 60 patients who received Febuxostat added to the traditional treatment (IV hydration and N-acetylcysteine). The patients received Feburic 80 mg within 6–18 h before and within 6–18 h after the coronary intervention (a time gap of 24 h between two doses). Group II (control group): included 60 patients who received only traditional treatment. Results The incidence of AKI was higher in the control group with a statistically significant difference. We found that Independent Significant risk factors that led to AKI were febuxostate avoidance, DM, high urea level, high creatinine level, CKD stage 3B, high Mehran score and high AKI risk. Conclusion We demonstrated that febuxostat has a Reno protective effect and it can help to reduce the incidence CI-AKI in CKD patients stage 3 performing PCI.
Introduction Guidelines on chronic kidney disease (CKD) recommend that nephrologists use clinical prediction models (CPMs). However, the actual use of CPMs seems limited in clinical practice. We conducted a national survey study to evaluate: 1) to what extent CPMs are used in Dutch CKD practice, 2) patients’ and nephrologists’ needs and preferences regarding predictions in CKD, and 3) determinants that may affect the adoption of CPMs in clinical practice. Methods We conducted semi-structured interviews with CKD patients to inform the development of two online surveys; one for CKD patients and one for nephrologists. Survey participants were recruited through the Dutch Kidney Patient Association and the Dutch Federation of Nephrology. Results A total of 126 patients and 50 nephrologists responded to the surveys. Most patients (89%) reported they had discussed predictions with their nephrologists. They most frequently discussed predictions regarded CKD progression: when they were expected to need kidney replacement therapy (KRT) ( n  = 81), and how rapidly their kidney function was expected to decline ( n  = 68). Half of the nephrologists (52%) reported to use CPMs in clinical practice, in particular CPMs predicting the risk of cardiovascular disease. Almost all nephrologists (98%) reported discussing expected CKD trajectories with their patients; even those that did not use CPMs (42%). The majority of patients (61%) and nephrologists (84%) chose a CPM predicting when patients would need KRT in the future as the most important prediction. However, a small portion of patients indicated they did not want to be informed on predictions regarding CKD progression at all (10–15%). Nephrologists not using CPMs (42%) reported they did not know CPMs they could use or felt that they had insufficient knowledge regarding CPMs. According to the nephrologists, the most important determinants for the adoption of CPMs in clinical practice were: 1) understandability for patients, 2) integration as standard of care, 3) the clinical relevance. Conclusion Even though the majority of patients in Dutch CKD practice reported discussing predictions with their nephrologists, CPMs are infrequently used for this purpose. Both patients and nephrologists considered a CPM predicting CKD progression most important to discuss. Increasing awareness about existing CPMs that predict CKD progression may result in increased adoption in clinical practice. When using CPMs regarding CKD progression, nephrologists should ask whether patients want to hear predictions beforehand, since individual patients’ preferences vary.
Background Hypertensive emergency is a critical disease that causes multifaceted sequelae, including end-stage kidney disease and cardiovascular disease. Although the renin–angiotensin–aldosterone (RAA) system is enormously activated in this disease, there are few reports that attempt to characterize the effect of early use of RAA inhibitors (RASi) on the temporal course of kidney function. Methods This retrospective cohort study was conducted to clarify whether the early use of RASi during hospitalization offered more favorable benefits on short-term renal function and long-term renal outcomes in patients with hypertensive emergencies. We enrolled a total of 49 patients who visited our medical center with acute severe hypertension and multiple organ dysfunction between April 2012 and August 2020. Upon admission, the patients were treated with intravenous followed by oral antihypertensive drugs, including RASi and Ca channel blockers (CCB). Kidney function as well as other laboratory and clinical parameters were compared between RASi-treated and CCB- treated group over 2 years. Results Antihypertensive treatment effectively reduced blood pressure from 222 ± 28/142 ± 21 to 141 ± 18/87 ± 14 mmHg at 2 weeks and eGFR was gradually restored from 33.2 ± 23.3 to 40.4 ± 22.5 mL/min/1.73m^2 at 1 year. The renal effect of antihypertensive drugs was particularly conspicuous when RASi was started in combination with other conventional antihypertensive drugs at the early period of hospitalization (2nd day [IQR: 1–5.5]) and even in patients with moderately to severely diminished eGFR (< 30 mL/min/1.73 m^2) on admission. In contrast, CCB modestly restored eGFR during the observation period. Furthermore, renal survival probabilities were progressively deteriorated in patients who had manifested reduced eGFR (< 15 mL/min/1.73 m^2) or massive proteinuria (urine protein/creatinine ≥ 3.5 g/gCr) on admission. Early use of RASi was associated with a favorable 2-year renal survival probability (0.90 [95%CI: 0.77–1.0] vs. 0.63 [95%CI: 0.34–0.92] for RASi ( +) and RASi (-), respectively, p  = 0.036) whereas no apparent difference in renal survival was noted for CCB. Conclusions Early use of RASi contributes to the renal functional recovery from acute reduction in eGFR among patients with hypertensive emergencies. Furthermore, RASi offers more favorable effect on 2-year renal survival, compared with CCB.
Background  End-stage renal disease patients on hemodialysis (ESRD) patients are at high risk for contracting COVID-19. In this propensity matched cohort study, we examined the prevalence of COVID-19 in emergency room (ER) patients and examined whether clinical outcomes varied by ESRD status. Methods Patients who visited George Washington University Hospital ER from April 2020 to April 2021 were reviewed for COVID-19 and ESRD status. Among COVID-positive ER patients, the propensity for ESRD was calculated using a logistic regression model to create a propensity-matched sample of ESRD vs non-ESRD COVID-19 patients. A multivariable model examined whether ESRD was an independent predictor of death and other outcomes in COVID-19 patients. Results Among the 27,106 ER patients, 2689 of whom were COVID-positive (9.9%). The odds of testing positive for COVID-19 were 0.97 ([95% CI: 0.78–1.20], p  = 0.76) in ESRD vs non-ESRD patients after adjusting for age, sex, and race. There were 2414 COVID-positive individuals with non-missing data, of which 98 were ESRD patients. In this COVID-positive sample, ESRD patients experienced a higher incidence of stroke, sepsis, and pneumonia than non-ESRD individuals. Significant independent predictors of death included age, race, sex, insurance status, and diabetes mellitus. Those with no insurance had odds of death that was 212% higher than those with private insurance (3.124 [1.695–5.759], p  < 0.001). ESRD status was not an independent predictor of death (1.215 [0.623–2.370], p  = 0.57). After propensity-matching in the COVID-positive patients, there were 95 ESRD patients matched with 283 non-ESRD individuals. In this sample, insurance status continued to be an independent predictor of mortality, while ESRD status was not. ESRD patients were more likely to have lactic acidosis (36% vs 15%) and length of hospital stay ≥ 7 days (48% vs 31%), but no increase in odds for any studied adverse outcomes. Conclusions In ER patients, ESRD status was not associated with higher odds for testing positive for COVID-19. Among ER patients who were COVID positive, ESRD was not associated with mortality. However, insurance status had a strong and independent association with death among ER patients with COVID-19.
Background Immunosuppression after kidney transplantation is mainly guided via plasma tacrolimus trough level, which cannot sufficiently predict allograft rejection and infection. The plasma load of the non-pathogenic and highly prevalent torque teno virus (TTV) is associated with the immunosuppression of its host. Non-interventional studies suggest the use of TTV load to predict allograft rejection and infection. The primary objective of the current trial is to demonstrate the safety, tolerability and preliminary efficacy of TTV-guided immunosuppression. Methods For this purpose, a randomised, controlled, interventional, two-arm, non-inferiority, patient- and assessor-blinded, investigator-driven phase II trial was designed. A total of 260 stable, low-immunological-risk adult recipients of a kidney graft with tacrolimus-based immunosuppression and TTV infection after month 3 post-transplantation will be recruited in 13 academic centres in six European countries. Subjects will be randomised in a 1:1 ratio (allocation concealment) to receive tacrolimus either guided by TTV load or according to the local centre standard for 9 months. The primary composite endpoint includes the occurrence of infections, biopsy-proven allograft rejection, graft loss, or death. The main secondary endpoints include estimated glomerular filtration rate, graft rejection detected by protocol biopsy at month 12 post-transplantation (including molecular microscopy), development of de novo donor-specific antibodies, health-related quality of life, and drug adherence. In parallel, a comprehensive biobank will be established including plasma, serum, urine and whole blood. The date of the first enrolment was August 2022 and the planned end is April 2025. Discussion The assessment of individual kidney transplant recipient immune function might enable clinicians to personalise immunosuppression, thereby reducing infection and rejection. Moreover, the trial might act as a proof of principle for TTV-guided immunosuppression and thus pave the way for broader clinical applications, including as guidance for immune modulators or disease-modifying agents. Trial registration EU CT-Number: 2022-500024-30-00
Background Therapeutic interventions that optimize angiogenic activities may reduce rates of end-stage kidney disease, critical limb ischemia, and lower extremity amputations in individuals with diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Infusion of autologous mesenchymal stromal cells (MSC) is a promising novel therapy to rejuvenate vascular integrity. However, DKD-related factors, including hyperglycemia and uremia, might alter MSC angiogenic repair capacity in an autologous treatment approach. Methods To explore the angiogenic activity of MSC in DKD, the transcriptome of adipose tissue-derived MSC obtained from DKD subjects was compared to age-matched controls without diabetes or kidney impairment. Next-generation RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) was performed on MSC (DKD n  = 29; Controls n  = 9) to identify differentially expressed (DE; adjusted p  < 0.05, |log_2fold change|> 1) messenger RNA (mRNA) and microRNA (miRNA) involved in angiogenesis (GeneCards). Paracrine-mediated angiogenic repair capacity of MSC conditioned medium (MSCcm) was assessed in vitro using human umbilical vein endothelial cells incubated in high glucose and indoxyl sulfate for a hyperglycemic, uremic state. Results RNA-seq analyses revealed 133 DE mRNAs (77 upregulated and 56 down-regulated) and 208 DE miRNAs (119 up- and 89 down-regulated) in DKD-MSC versus Control-MSC. Interestingly, miRNA let-7a-5p, which regulates angiogenesis and participates in DKD pathogenesis, interacted with 5 angiogenesis-associated mRNAs (transgelin/ TAGLN , thrombospondin 1/ THBS1 , lysyl oxidase-like 4/ LOXL4, collagen 4A1/ COL4A1 and collagen 8A1/ COL8A1 ). DKD-MSCcm incubation with injured endothelial cells improved tube formation capacity, enhanced migration, reduced adhesion molecules E-selectin, vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 and intercellular adhesion molecule 1 mRNA expression in endothelial cells. Moreover, angiogenic repair effects did not differ between treatment groups (DKD-MSCcm vs. Control-MSCcm). Conclusions MSC from individuals with DKD show angiogenic transcriptome alterations compared to age-matched controls. However, angiogenic repair potential may be preserved, supporting autologous MSC interventions to treat conditions requiring enhanced angiogenic activities such as DKD, diabetic foot ulcers, and critical limb ischemia.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) in children has serious short-term and long-term consequences. We sought 1) to prospectively describe NSAID-associated AKI in hospitalized children; 2) to determine if NSAID-associated AKI was more severe in younger children < 5 years; and 3) to follow outcomes after hospitalization for NSAID-associated AKI. Methods This was a prospective, multi-center study in hospitalized children 1 month to 18 years. Parents/guardians were given a brief questionnaire to determine the dosing, duration, and type of NSAIDs given. Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) serum creatinine criteria were used to stage AKI severity. Patients with other causes of AKI were excluded (e.g., other nephrotoxins, sepsis, malignancy, etc.). Results We identified 25 patients with NSAID-associated AKI, accounting for 3.1% of AKI. All 25 had AKI upon hospital presentation. The median age was 15.5 years, and 20/25 (80%) had volume depletion. Median duration of NSAID use was 2 days, and 63% of patients took the normal recommended NSAID dose. Median hospital length of stay was 4 days, and none required dialysis. At the most recent estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) after discharge (available in 17/25 patients), only 4/17 (24%) had eGFR ≥ 90 ml/min/1.73 m^2, and 13/17 (76%) had eGFR 60 to < 90 ml/min/1.73 m^2, indicative of abnormal kidney function. Conclusions NSAID-associated AKI usually occurs with recommended NSAID dosing in the setting of dehydration. Follow-up after AKI showed a substantial rate of CKD. Therefore, we recommend that NSAIDs should not be used in dehydrated children. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Tumor lysis syndrome (TLS) and its most serious complication, acute kidney injury (AKI) are one of the emergency conditions in onco-hematology. It is difficult to predict the degree of kidney involvement. Therefore, we studied children with leukemia and lymphoma treated in four Hungarian tertiary centers (inpatient university clinics) retrospectively (2006–2016) from a nephrological aspect. Method Data of 31 pediatric patients were obtained from electronic- and paper-based medical records. Physical status, laboratory test results, treatments, and outcomes were assessed. Patients were analyzed according to both “traditional” TLS groupings, as laboratory TLS or clinical TLS, and nephrological aspect based on pRIFLE classification, as mild or severe AKI. Results Significant differences were found between the changes in parameters of phosphate homeostasis and urea levels in both classifications. Compared to age-specific normal phosphate ranges, before the development of TLS, hypophosphatemia was common (19/31 cases), while in the post-TLS period, hyperphosphatemia was observed (26/31 cases) most frequently. The rate of daily change in serum phosphate level was significant in the nephrological subgroups, but peaks of serum phosphate level show only a moderate increase. The calculated cut-off value of daily serum phosphate level increased before AKI was 0.32 mmol/L per ROC analysis for severe TLS–AKI. The 24-h urinalysis data of eight patients revealed transiently increased phosphate excretion only in those patients with TLS in whom serum phosphate was elevated in parallel. Conclusion Daily serum phosphate level increase can serve as a prognostic factor for the severity of pediatric TLS, as well as predict the severity of kidney involvement. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Thoracic kidney (TK) presenting with symptomatic urolithiasis is a rare case scenario. Retrograde intrarenal surgery (RIRS) for calculus in TK is not reported in the literature. We report a case of partial staghorn calculus in TK managed by RIRS. Case presentation A young adult male presented with back pain and was found to have right TK and bilateral partial staghorn calculus. He also had right cryptorchidism with intraabdominally located testis. He underwent staged bilateral RIRS and laparoscopic right orchiectomy. Follow-up ultrasound imaging showed complete stone clearance in both kidneys. Conclusions RIRS is safe and effective treatment option, in the management of urolithiasis in TK. The anatomical abnormalities in TK did not play any hindrance role in the ureteral access, renal maneuverability of the flexible ureterorenoscope and subsequent drainage of the stone dust after RIRS.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a globally significant non-communicable disorder. CKD prevalence varies between countries and within a country. We compared the prevalence rates of CKD in South Africa with sub-Saharan Africa, Africa, and globally. Methods We registered a systematic review with the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews for prevalence studies reporting CKD stages III-V from 2013 to 2021. The analysis sought to explain any significant differences in prevalence rates. The R statistical package was used for data analysis. Comparisons included measures of effect size due to the large sample sizes analysed. We also compared sex differences in prevalence rates, common aetiologies, and type of study methodologies employed. Results Eight studies were analysed, with two from each region. The matched prevalence rates of CKD between the various regions and South Africa showed significant differences, except for one comparison between South Africa and an African study [ p  = 0.09 (95% CI − 0.04–0.01)]. Both sub-Saharan African studies had a higher prevalence than South Africa. One study in Africa had a higher prevalence, while the other had a lower prevalence, whilst one Global study had a higher prevalence, and the other had a lower prevalence compared to South Africa. The statistical differences analysed using the Cramer’s V test were substantially less than 0.1. Thus, differences in comparisons were largely due to differences in sample sizes rather than actual differences. Conclusion Variable prevalence rates between regions included disparities in sample size, definitions of CKD, lack of chronicity testing and heterogeneous laboratory estimations of eGFR. Improved consistency and enhanced methods for diagnosing and comparing CKD prevalence are essential.
Background Acute pyelonephritis (APN) in pediatric patients may lead to kidney scarring and is one of the main causes of permanent kidney damage. The incidence of kidney scarring after one febrile urinary tract infection (UTI) is reported to range from 2.8 to 15%, with the percentage rising to 28.6% after ≥ 3 febrile UTIs. Corticosteroids may have a role in the reduction of kidney scar formation and urine cytokine levels. The possible benefit of adjuvant corticosteroid administration in the reduction of kidney scar formation in children with APN has been recently examined in randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Objectives The aim of this meta-analysis was to provide a summary of the current literature about the efficacy and safety of adjuvant corticosteroid administration in the reduction of kidney scar formation in children with APN. Data sources An extensive literature search through major databases (PubMed/MEDLINE and Scopus) was carried out for RCTs from inception until October 12, 2022, investigating the efficacy and safety of adjuvant corticosteroids in preventing kidney scarring in children with APN. A risk ratio with 95% CI was used for dichotomous outcomes. Results In total, 5 RCTs with 918 pediatric patients with APN were included in the study. Adjuvant corticosteroid treatment revealed a statistically significant reduction in kidney scarring (95% CI 0.42–0.95, p  = 0.03), without increasing the risk of adverse events like bacteremia, prolonged hospitalization, or recurrence of UTI. Limitations There were limitations regarding sample size ( n  = 498 children), different classes of corticosteroids (methylprednisolone or dexamethasone), different routes of corticosteroid administration (intravenous or oral), and different day courses (3-day or 4-day course). Conclusions Adjuvant corticosteroid administration seems to have a beneficial effect on kidney scar reduction in children with APN. Future studies should focus on the evaluation of the efficacy and safety of corticosteroids in kidney scarring reduction after APN to strengthen the results of our study. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Objective Renal fibrosis is one of the main pathophysiological processes underlying the progression of chronic kidney disease and kidney allograft failure. In the past decades, overwhelming efforts have been undertaken to find druggable targets for the treatment of renal fibrosis, mainly using cell- and animal models. However, the latter often do not adequately reflect human pathogenesis, obtained results differ per strain within a given species, and the models are associated with considerable discomfort for the animals. Therefore, the objective of this study is to implement the 3Rs in renal fibrosis research by establishing an animal-free drug screening platform for renal fibrosis based on human precision-cut kidney slices (PCKS) and by limiting the use of reagents that are associated with significant animal welfare concerns. Results Using Western blotting and gene expression arrays, we show that transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) induced fibrosis in human PCKS. In addition, our results demonstrated that butaprost, SC-19220 and tamoxifen – all putative anti-fibrotic compounds – altered TGF-β-induced pro-fibrotic gene expression in human PCKS. Moreover, we observed that all compounds modulated fairly distinct sets of genes, however they all impacted TGF-β/SMAD signaling. In conclusion, this study revealed that it is feasible to use an animal-free approach to test drug efficacy and elucidate mechanisms of action.
The nutritional management of children with acute kidney injury (AKI) is complex. The dynamic nature of AKI necessitates frequent nutritional assessments and adjustments in management. Dietitians providing medical nutrition therapies to this patient population must consider the interaction of medical treatments and AKI status to effectively support both the nutrition status of patients with AKI as well as limit adverse metabolic derangements associated with inappropriately prescribed nutrition support. The Pediatric Renal Nutrition Taskforce (PRNT), an international team of pediatric renal dietitians and pediatric nephrologists, has developed clinical practice recommendations (CPR) for the nutritional management of children with AKI. We address the need for intensive collaboration between dietitians and physicians so that nutritional management is optimized in line with AKI medical treatments. We focus on key challenges faced by dietitians regarding nutrition assessment. Furthermore, we address how nutrition support should be provided to children with AKI while taking into account the effect of various medical treatment modalities of AKI on nutritional needs. Given the poor quality of evidence available, a Delphi survey was conducted to seek consensus from international experts. Statements with a low grade or those that are opinion-based must be carefully considered and adapted to individual patient needs, based on the clinical judgment of the treating physician and dietitian. Research recommendations are provided. CPRs will be regularly audited and updated by the PRNT.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a frequent syndrome in the intensive care unit (ICU). AKI patients with kidney function recovery have better short-term and long-term prognoses compared with those with non-recovery. Numerous studies focus on biomarkers to distinguish them. To better understand the predictive performance of urinary biomarkers of renal recovery in patients with AKI, we evaluated C–C motif chemokine ligand 14 (CCL14) and two first-generation biomarkers (cell cycle arrest biomarkers and neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin) in two ICU settings. Methods We performed a prospective study to analyze urinary biomarkers for predicting renal recovery from AKI. Patients who developed AKI after ICU admission were enrolled and urinary biomarkers including tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-2 (TIMP-2), insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 7 (IGFBP7), CCL14, and neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) were detected on the day of AKI diagnosis. The primary endpoint was non-recovery from AKI within 7 days. The individual discriminative ability of CCL14, [TIMP-2] × [IGFBP7] and NGAL to predict renal non-recovery were evaluated by the area under receiver operating characteristics curve (AUC). Results Of 164 AKI patients, 64 (39.0%) failed to recover from AKI onset. CCL14 showed a fair prediction ability for renal non-recovery with an AUC of 0.71 (95% CI 0.63–0.77, p  < 0.001). [TIMP-2] × [IGFBP7] showed the best prediction for renal non-recovery with an AUC of 0.78 (95% CI 0.71–0.84, p  < 0.001). However, NGAL had no use in predicting non-recovery with an AUC of 0.53 (95% CI 0.45–0.60, p  = 0.562). A two-parameter model (non-renal SOFA score and AKI stage) predicted renal non-recovery with an AUC of 0.77 (95% CI 0.77–0.83, p  = 0.004). When [TIMP-2] × [IGFBP7] was combined with the clinical factors, the AUC was significantly improved to 0.82 (95% CI 0.74–0.87, p  = 0.049). Conclusions Urinary CCL14 and [TIMP-2] × [IGFBP7] were fair predictors of renal non-recovery from AKI. Combing urinary [TIMP-2] × [IGFBP7] with a clinical model consisting of non-renal SOFA score and AKI stage enhanced the predictive power for renal non-recovery. Urinary CCL14 showed no significant advantage in predicting renal non-recovery compared to [TIMP-2] × [IGFBP7].
Background While hyperkalemia is well described in adult chronic kidney disease (CKD), large studies evaluating potassium trends and risk factors for hyperkalemia in pediatric CKD are lacking. This study aimed to characterize hyperkalemia prevalence and risk factors in pediatric CKD. Methods Cross-sectional analysis of Chronic Kidney Disease in Children (CKiD) study data evaluated median potassium levels and percentage of visits with hyperkalemia (K ≥5.5 mmoL/L) in relation to demographics, CKD stage, etiology, proteinuria, and acid–base status. Multiple logistic regression was used to identify risk factors for hyperkalemia. Results One thousand and fifty CKiD participants with 5183 visits were included (mean age 13.1 years, 62.7% male, 32.9% self-identifying as African American or Hispanic). A percentage of 76.6% had non-glomerular disease, 18.7% had CKD stage 4/5, 25.8% had low CO_2, and 54.2% were receiving ACEi/ARB therapy. Unadjusted analysis identified a median serum potassium level of 4.5 mmol/L (IQR 4.1–5.0, p <0.001) and hyperkalemia in 6.6% of participants with CKD stage 4/5. Hyperkalemia was present in 14.3% of visits with CKD stage 4/5 and glomerular disease. Hyperkalemia was associated with low CO_2 (OR 7.72, 95%CI 3.05–19.54), CKD stage 4/5 (OR 9.17, 95%CI 4.02–20.89), and use of ACEi/ARB therapy (OR 2.14, 95%CI 1.36–3.37). Those with non-glomerular disease were less frequently hyperkalemic (OR 0.52, 95%CI 0.34–0.80). Age, sex, and race/ethnicity were not associated with hyperkalemia. Conclusions Hyperkalemia was observed more frequently in children with advanced stage CKD, glomerular disease, low CO_2, and ACEi/ARB use. These data can help clinicians identify high-risk patients who may benefit from earlier initiation of potassium-lowering therapies. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Diabetic donors are recognized as a reliable source of organs, although the discard rate of kidneys is still high. Few data are available on the histological evolution of these organs especially on kidneys transplanted into non-diabetic patients who remain euglycemic. Methods We describe the histological evolution of ten kidney biopsies performed on non-diabetic recipients of diabetic donors. Results Mean donor age was 69 ± 7 years, 60% were males. Two donors were treated with insulin, eight with oral antidiabetic drugs. Mean recipient age was 59.9 ± 7 years, 70% were males. The pre-existing diabetic lesions identified in the pre-implantation biopsies, encompassed all histological classes, and were associated with mild IF/TA and vascular damages. The median follow-up was 59.5 [IQR 32.5–99.0] months; at follow-up, 40% of cases did not change histologic classification, two patients with class IIb downgraded to IIa or I and one with class III downgraded to IIb. Conversely, three cases showed a worsening, from class 0 to I, I to IIb or from IIa to IIb. We also observed a moderate evolution of IF/TA and vascular damages. At follow-up visit, estimated GFR was stable (50.7 mL/min vs. 54.8 at baseline) and proteinuria was mild (51.1 ± 78.6 mg/day). Conclusions Kidneys from diabetic donors show variable evolution of the histologic features of diabetic nephropathy after transplant. This variability may be associated to recipients characteristics such as euglycemic milieu, in case of improvement, or obesity and hypertension, in case of worsening of histologic lesions.
Lithium intoxication is still an undefined and underestimated disease, especially those cases requiring extracorporeal treatment. Lithium is a monovalent cation with small molecular mass of 7 Da that has been regularly and successfully used since 1950 in the treatment of mania and bipolar disorders. However, its careless assumption can lead to a wide spectrum of cardiovascular, central nervous system and kidney diseases in case of acute, acute on chronic and chronic intoxications. In fact, lithium serum range is strict between 0.6 and 1.3 mmol/L, with a mild lithium toxicity observed at the steady-state of 1.5–2.5 mEq/L, moderate toxicity when lithium reaches 2.5–3.5 mEq/L, and severe intoxication with observed serum levels > 3.5 mEq/L. Its favorable biochemical profile allows the complete filtration and partial reabsorption in the kidney due to the similarity to sodium and also the complete removal by renal replacement therapy, that should be considered in specific poisoning conditions. In this narrative and updated review we discussed a clinical case of lithium intoxication, the different pattern of diseases attributable to excessive lithium load and the current indications for extracorporeal treatment.
Background In context of increasing complexity and risk of deceased kidney donors and transplant recipients, the impact of center volume (CV) on the outcomes of high-risk kidney transplants(KT) has not been well determined. Methods We examined the association of CV and outcomes among 285 U.S. transplant centers from 2000–2016. High-risk KT were defined as recipient age ≥ 70 years, body mass index (BMI) ≥ 35 kg/m^2, receiving kidneys from donors with kidney donor profile index(KDPI) ≥ 85%, acute kidney injury(AKI), hepatitisC + . Average annual CV for the specific-high-risk KT categorized in tertiles. Death-Censored-Graft-Loss(DCGL) and death at 3 months, 1, 5, and 10 years were compared between CV tertiles using Cox-regression models. Results Two hundred fifty thousand five hundred seventy-four KT were analyzed. Compared to high CV, recipients with BMI ≥ 35 kg/m^2 had higher risk of DCGL in low CV(aHR = 1.11,95%CI = 1.03–1.19) at 10 years; recipients with age ≥ 70 years had higher risk of death in low CV(aHR = 1.07,95%CI = 1.01–14) at 10 years. There was no difference of DCGL or death in low CV for donors with KDPI ≥ 85%, hepatitisC + , or AKI. Conclusions Recipients of high-risk KT with BMI ≥ 35 kg/m^2 have higher risk of DCGL and recipients age ≥ 70 years have higher risk of death in low CV, compared to high CV. Future studies should identify care practices associated with CV that support optimal outcomes after KT.
People’s lifestyles and, especially, their eating habits affect their health and the functioning of the organs in their bodies, including the kidneys. One’s diet influences the cells’ responses to stressful conditions such as acute kidney injury (AKI). This study aims to determine the preconditioning effects of four different diets: energy restriction (ER) diet, time restriction (TR) eating, intermittent fasting (IF), and high-fat diet (HF) on histopathological indices of the kidney as well as the molecules involved in apoptosis during AKI. Adult male rats underwent ER, TR, IF, and HF diets for eight weeks. Then, AKI was induced, and renal function indices, histopathological indices, and molecules involved in apoptosis were measured. In animals with AKI, urinary albumin excretion, serum urea, creatinine and, Bax/Bcl-2 ratio increased in the kidney, while renal eGFR decreased. ER and TR diets improved renal parameters and prevented an increase in the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio. The IF diet improved renal parameters but had no effect on the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio. On the other hand, the HF diet worsened renal function and increased the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio. Histopathological examination also showed improved kidney conditions in the ER and TR groups and more damage in the HF group. This study demonstrated that ER and TR diets have renoprotective effects on AKI and possibly cause the resistance of kidney cells to damage by reducing the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio and improving apoptotic conditions.
Background Studies in critically ill adults demonstrate associations between serum renin concentrations (a proposed surrogate for renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system dysregulation) and poor outcomes, but data in critically ill children are lacking. We assessed serum renin + prorenin concentrations in children with septic shock to determine their predictive ability for acute kidney injury (AKI) and mortality. Methods We conducted a secondary analysis of a multicenter observational study of children aged 1 week to 18 years admitted to 14 pediatric intensive care units (PICUs) with septic shock and residual serum available for renin + prorenin measurement. Primary outcomes were development of severe persistent AKI (≥ KDIGO stage 2 for ≥ 48 h) in the first week and 28-day mortality. Results Among 233 patients, day 1 median renin + prorenin concentration was 3436 pg/ml (IQR 1452–6567). Forty-two (18%) developed severe persistent AKI and 32 (14%) died. Day 1 serum renin + prorenin predicted severe persistent AKI with an AUROC of 0.75 (95% CI 0.66–0.84, p  < 0.0001; optimal cutoff 6769 pg/ml) and mortality with an AUROC of 0.79 (95% CI 0.69–0.89, p  < 0.0001; optimal cutoff 6521 pg/ml). Day 3/day 1 (D3:D1) renin + prorenin ratio had an AUROC of 0.73 (95% CI 0.63–0.84, p  < 0.001) for mortality. On multivariable regression, day 1 renin + prorenin > optimal cutoff retained associations with severe persistent AKI (aOR 6.8, 95% CI 3.0–15.8, p  < 0.001) and mortality (aOR 6.9, 95% CI 2.2–20.9, p  < 0.001). Similarly, D3:D1 renin + prorenin > optimal cutoff was associated with mortality (aOR 7.6, 95% CI 2.5–23.4, p  < 0.001). Conclusions Children with septic shock have very elevated serum renin + prorenin concentrations on PICU admission, and these concentrations, as well as their trend over the first 72 h, predict severe persistent AKI and mortality. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Aims The aim of this study was to investigate the association between estimated glucose disposal rate (eGDR), a proxy for insulin resistance, and retinopathy or kidney disease, i.e. micro-, or macroalbuminuria, in young individuals with type 1 diabetes (T1D). Material and Methods Using data from the Swedish pediatric registry for diabetes (SweDiabKids) and the registry for adults (NDR), all individuals with T1D with a duration of diabetes of less than 10 years between 1998 and 2017 were included. We calculated the crude incidence rates with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and used multivariable Cox regression to estimate crude and adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) for two cohorts: retinopathy cohort or kidney disease cohort, stratified by eGDR categories: < 4, 4 to 5.99, 6 to 7.99, and ≥ 8 mg/kg/min (reference). Results A total of 22 146 (10 289 retinopathy cohort, and 11 857 kidney disease cohort with an overlapping of 9575) children and adults with T1D (median age 21 years, female 42% and diabetes duration of 6 and 7 years, respectively for the cohorts) were studied. During a median follow-up of 4.8 years (IQR 2.6–7.7) there were 5040 (24.7%), 1909 (48.1%), 504 (52.3%) and 179 (57.6%) events for retinopathy in individuals with an eGDR ≥ 8, 7.99 to 6, 5.99 to 4, and < 4 mg/kg/min, respectively. Corresponding numbers for kidney disease was 1321 (6.5%), 526 (13.3%), 255 (26.8%) and 145 (46.6%). After multiple adjustments for different covariates, individuals with an eGDR 7.99 to 6, 5.99 to 4 and < 4 mg/kg/min, had an increased risk of retinopathy compared to those with an eGDR ≥ 8 mg/kg/min (adjusted HRs, 95% CIs) 1.29 (1.20 to 1.40); 1.50 (1.31 to 1.71) and 1.74 (1.41 to 2.14). Corresponding numbers for kidney disease was (adjusted HRs, 95% CIs) 1.30 (1.11 to 1.52); 1.58 (1.25 to 1.99) and 1.33 (0.95 to 1.86), respectively. Conclusions eGDR, a proxy for insulin resistance, is associated with retinopathy and kidney disease in young adults with T1D. The risk of retinopathy increased with lower eGDR. The risk of kidney disease also increased with lower eGDR; however results show no association between the lowest eGDR and kidney disease. eGDR can be helpful to identify young T1D individuals at risk.
Metformin-associated lactic acidosis is a well-known metformin treatment complication; however, the development of euglycemic diabetic ketoacidosis (euDKA) has rarely been reported. Here we report a case of lactic acidosis and euDKA after metformin overdose. A 57-year-old female patient was transferred to our hospital with severe metabolic acidosis and acute kidney injury. She had type 2 diabetes mellitus and was on oral antidiabetic therapy of vildagliptin metformin hydrochloride daily. On the admission day, she had committed suicide by overdosing 50 tablets of vildagliptin metformin hydrochloride, which was equivalent to 25,000 mg of metformin and 2500 mg of vildagliptin. She had severe lactic acidosis 5 h after overdosing. However, after 34 h of overdosing, serum lactate levels decreased while serum anion gap levels increased. She received single hemodialysis treatment. Serum total ketone bodies, β-hydroxybutyrate acetoacetic acid, and acetone were increased even after hemodialysis treatment. Her blood glucose levels have never exceeded 250 mg/dL since admission. Therefore, we considered that the cause of metabolic acidosis in this patient was not only lactic acidosis but also euDKA. The causes of euDKA in our patient might be hepatic production of ketone bodies due to metformin overdose in addition to type 2 diabetes mellitus, starvation, infection, and stressful physical conditions such as vomiting and diarrhea. We propose that not only lactic acidosis but also ketoacidosis is one of the important pathological conditions in patients with metformin overdose.
This study describes the primary characteristics of the selected kidney stones surgically removed from the patients at the Mersin University Hospital in the southern Turkey and interprets their formation via petrographic, geochemical, XRD, SEM–EDX, and ICP-MS/OES analyses. The analytical results revealed that the kidney stones are composed of the minerals whewellite, struvite, hydroxyapatite, and uric acid alone or in different combinations. The samples occur in staghorn, bean-shaped composite, and individual rounded particle shapes, which are controlled by the shape of the nucleus and the site of stone formation. The cross-section of the samples shows concentric growth layers due to variations in saturation, characterizing the metastable phase. Kidney stone formation includes two main stages: (i) nucleation and (ii) aggregation and/or growth. Nucleation was either Randall plaque of hydroxyapatite in tissue on the surface of the papilla or a coating of whewellite on the plaque, or crystallization as free particles in the urine. Subsequently, aggregation or growth occurs by precipitation of stone-forming materials around the plaque or coating carried into the urine, or around the nucleus formed in situ in the urine. Urinary supersaturation is the main driving force of crystallization processes; and is controlled by many factors including bacterially induced supersaturation.
This study was aimed at investigating the impact of varying concentrations of strontium (Sr) on calcium (Ca) excretion via the urine and determine its impact on kidney stone formation. Twenty adult male Sprague Dawley rats weighing between 200 and 300 g were selected. The rats were randomly divided into four groups of five. One group was used as a control group while the other three groups were experimental. The diet of the rats was modulated over a 12 week period to investigate the impact of Sr on the urinary excretion of Ca. Urinary samples were collected every 2 weeks from the rats. The rats were fed water ad libitum. After the study the rats were euthanised and their kidneys harvested. Urine and kidney samples from the rats were analysed using Total Reflection X-Ray Fluorescence (TXRF). In the urine excretion of Ca increased with increased intake of Sr in the diet. Sr excretion via the urine also increased with increased dietary intake. There was a correlation of 0.835 at the significance level of 0.01 between Ca and Sr in the urine. However, for the kidneys, the varying concentration of Sr did not impact the retention of Ca in the kidneys. There was increased retention of Sr in the kidneys with increased dietary intake. In this study an increase of Sr in the diet resulted in an increase in urinary excretion of Ca.
Background To determine whether glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) have cardiovascular and renal protective effects in patients with advanced diabetic kidney disease (DKD) with an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 30 mL/min per 1.73 m^2. Methods In this cohort study, patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and eGFR < 30 mL/min per 1.73 m^2 with a first prescription for GLP-1RAs or dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitors (DPP-4is) from 2012 to 2021 (n = 125,392) were enrolled. A Cox proportional hazard model was used to assess the cardiorenal protective effects between the GLP-1RA and DDP-4i groups. Results A total of 8922 participants [mean (SD) age 68.4 (11.5) years; 4516 (50.6%) males; GLP-1RAs, n = 759; DPP-4is, n = 8163] were eligible for this study. During a mean follow-up of 2.1 years, 78 (13%) and 204 (13.8%) patients developed composite cardiovascular events in the GLP-1RA and DPP-4i groups, respectively [hazard ratio (HR) 0.88, 95% confidence interval CI 0.68–1.13]. Composite kidney events were reported in 134 (38.2%) and 393 (44.2%) patients in the GLP-1RA and DPP-4i groups, respectively (subdistribution HR 0.72, 95% CI 0.56–0.93). Conclusions GLP-1RAs had a neutral effect on the composite cardiovascular outcomes but reduced composite kidney events in the patients with advanced DKD compared with DPP-4is.
The aim of this study is to investigate the use of an exponential-plateau model to determine the required training dataset size that yields the maximum medical image segmentation performance. CT and MR images of patients with renal tumors acquired between 1997 and 2017 were retrospectively collected from our nephrectomy registry. Modality-based datasets of 50, 100, 150, 200, 250, and 300 images were assembled to train models with an 80–20 training-validation split evaluated against 50 randomly held out test set images. A third experiment using the KiTS21 dataset was also used to explore the effects of different model architectures. Exponential-plateau models were used to establish the relationship of dataset size to model generalizability performance. For segmenting non-neoplastic kidney regions on CT and MR imaging, our model yielded test Dice score plateaus of $$0.93\pm 0.02$$ 0.93 ± 0.02 and $$0.92\pm 0.04$$ 0.92 ± 0.04 with the number of training-validation images needed to reach the plateaus of 54 and 122, respectively. For segmenting CT and MR tumor regions, we modeled a test Dice score plateau of $$0.85\pm 0.20$$ 0.85 ± 0.20 and $$0.76\pm 0.27$$ 0.76 ± 0.27 , with 125 and 389 training-validation images needed to reach the plateaus. For the KiTS21 dataset, the best Dice score plateaus for nn-UNet 2D and 3D architectures were $$0.67\pm 0.29$$ 0.67 ± 0.29 and $$0.84\pm 0.18$$ 0.84 ± 0.18 with number to reach performance plateau of 177 and 440. Our research validates that differing imaging modalities, target structures, and model architectures all affect the amount of training images required to reach a performance plateau. The modeling approach we developed will help future researchers determine for their experiments when additional training-validation images will likely not further improve model performance.
Backgrounds Kidney stone also known as urolithiasis or nephrolithiasis, is one of the oldest diseases known to medicine, however, the gene expression changes and related kidney injury remains unclear. Methods A calculi rat model was developed via ethylene glycol– and ammonium chloride–induction. Integrated proteomic and transcriptomic analysis was performed to characterize the distinct gene expression profiles in the kidney of calculi rat. Differential expressed genes (DEGs) were sub-clustered into distinct groups according to the consistency of transcriptome and proteome. Gene Ontology and KEGG pathway enrichment was performed to analyze the functions of each sub-group of DEGs. Immunohistochemistry was performed to validated the expression of identified proteins. Results Five thousand eight hundred ninety-seven genes were quantified at both transcriptome and proteome levels, and six distinct gene clusters were identified, of which 14 genes were consistently dysregulated. Functional enrichment analysis showed that the calculi rat kidney was increased expression of injured & apoptotic markers and immune-molecules, and decreased expression of solute carriers & transporters and many metabolic related factors. Conclusions The present proteotranscriptomic study provided a data resource and new insights for better understanding of the pathogenesis of nephrolithiasis, will hopefully facilitate the future development of new strategies for the recurrence prevention and treatment in patients with kidney stone disease.
Introduction Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is frequently reported among patients with chronic kidney disease resulting in considerable morbidity and mortality. OSA may cause repetitive stimulation of the sympathetic nervous system and elevations in pulmonary artery pressure leading to an elevated risk of cardiac and vascular complications in patients with chronic kidney disease. Furthermore, OSA is associated with progressive worsening of kidney injury and loss of renal function. Methods In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we evaluated the effect of renal transplantation on the progression of OSA in patients with end-stage kidney disease. Results The meta-analysis included eight studies with a total of 401 patients. Findings showed that kidney transplantation does not lead to a statistically significant effect on the apnea–hypopnea index (MD 2.6 events/hr, 95% CI −3.2 to 8.3, p  = 0.21), total sleep time (MD 14.7 min/night, 95% CI −8.4 to 37.8, p  = 0.76), sleep efficiency (MD 2.5%, 95% CI −1.4 to 6.3,  p  = 0.57), slow wave sleep (MD 0.4% of total sleep time, 95% CI −7.5 to 8.4, p  = 0.05), and rapid eye movement sleep (MD 0.6% of total sleep time, 95% CI −2.2 to 3.3, p  = 0.98). There was no statistically significant effect of kidney transplantation on OSA in patients with chronic renal disease.
The 8th Cardiovascular Outcome Trial (CVOT) Summit on Cardiovascular, Kidney, and Glycemic Outcomes was held virtually on November 10–12, 2022. Following the tradition of previous summits, this reference congress served as a platform for in-depth discussion and exchange on recently completed outcomes trials as well as key trials important to the cardiovascular (CV) field. This year’s focus was on the results of the DELIVER, EMPA-KIDNEY and SURMOUNT-1 trials and their implications for the treatment of heart failure (HF) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) with sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors and obesity with glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists. A broad audience of primary care physicians, diabetologists, endocrinologists, cardiologists, and nephrologists participated online in discussions on new consensus recommendations and guideline updates on type 2 diabetes (T2D) and CKD management, overcoming clinical inertia, glycemic markers, continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), novel insulin preparations, combination therapy, and reclassification of T2D. The impact of cardiovascular outcomes on the design of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) trials, as well as the impact of real-world evidence (RWE) studies on the confirmation of CVOT outcomes and clinical trial design, were also intensively discussed. The 9th Cardiovascular Outcome Trial Summit will be held virtually on November 23–24, 2023 ( http://www.cvot.org ).
Background Kidney transplantation in children in 1970 was considered by many to be unethical, as long-term survival was minimal. It was therefore risky at the time to offer transplantation to a child. Case diagnosis/treatment A 6-year-old boy with kidney failure due to haemolytic uraemic syndrome received 4 months of intermittent peritoneal dialysis followed by 6 months of haemodialysis until at 6 years and 10 months, he underwent bilateral nephrectomy and received a kidney transplant from a deceased 18-year-old donor. Despite moderate long-term immunosuppression of prednisone (20 mg/48 h) and azathioprine (62.5 mg/day), at the last visit in September 2022, he was well, normotrophic, with a serum creatinine of 157 µmol/l ( eGFR 41 ml/min/1.73 m^2) and no haematuria, proteinuria or hypertension. Except for benign skin lesions due to azathioprine, and undergoing an aortic valve replacement and an aortic aneurysm repair in adulthood, the now 58-year-old man has had no major complications. Conclusions We speculate that stable and unmodified immunosuppressive therapy, started before the era of calcineurin inhibitors, the lack of significant rejection episodes, the absence of donor-specific antibodies, and the young donor age have contributed to maintaining exceptional long-term kidney transplant survival. Luck, a robust health system and an adherent patient are also important. To the best of our knowledge, this is the longest functioning kidney transplant from a deceased donor performed in a child worldwide. Despite its risky nature at the time, this transplant paved the way for others.
Background This cross-sectional study investigated quality of life (QoL) and illness-related parental stress in children with kidney diseases by (1) comparing mean levels of these two variables between several kidney disease categories; (2) exploring correlations between QoL and parental stress; and (3) describing which disease category reports lowest QoL and highest parental stress. Methods We included 295 patients with a kidney disease (0–18 years) and their parents, followed at 6 reference centers for pediatric nephrology. Children’s QoL was assessed by the PedsQL™ 4.0 Generic Core Scales, and illness-related stress by the Pediatric Inventory for Parents. All patients were divided into 5 kidney disease categories according to the multidisciplinary care program criteria prescribed by the Belgian authorities: (1) structural kidney diseases, (2) tubulopathies and metabolic diseases, (3) nephrotic syndrome, (4) acquired diseases with proteinuria and hypertension, and (5) kidney transplantation. Results Child self-reports showed no differences in QoL between kidney disease categories, in contrast to parent proxy reports. Parents of transplant patients reported lower QoL in their child and more parental stress compared with the 4 non-transplant categories. QoL and parental stress were negatively correlated. Lowest QoL and highest parental stress scores were mainly found in transplant patients. Conclusions This study showed lower QoL and higher parental stress in pediatric transplant patients compared with non-transplants, based on parent reports. Higher parental stress is associated with worse QoL in the child. These results highlight the importance of multidisciplinary care for children with kidney diseases, with special attention to transplant patients and their parents. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background The present retrospective study was carried out to determine the incidence of unrecognized cardiac surgery-associated acute kidney injury (CSA-AKI) due to infrequency of serum creatinine (SCr) measurements in pediatric cardiac patients and to assess the association between unrecognized CSA-AKI and clinical outcomes. Methods This study was a single-center, retrospective study of pediatric patients who underwent cardiac surgery. Patients were diagnosed with CSA-AKI based on SCr measurements, and unrecognized CSA-AKI was defined under the assumptions that there had been only one or two SCr measurements within 48 h after surgery: CSA-AKI unrecognized by one SCr measurement (AKI-URone), CSA-AKI unrecognized by two SCr measurements (AKI-URtwo), and CSA-AKI recognized by one and two SCr measurements (AKI-R). The change of SCr from baseline to postoperative day 30 (delta SCr_30d) was assessed as a surrogate of kidney recovery. Results In a total of 557 cases, 313 patients (56.2%) were diagnosed with CSA-AKI, 188 (33.8%) of whom had unrecognized CSA-AKI. Delta SCr_30d in the AKI-URtwo group and delta SCr_30d in the AKI-URone group was not significantly different from delta SCr_30d in the non-AKI group ( p  = 0.67 and p  = 0.79, respectively). There were significant differences in the durations of mechanical ventilation, serum B-type natriuretic peptide levels, and lengths of stay in hospital between the non-AKI group and the AKI-URtwo group and between the non-AKI group and the AKI-URtwo group. Conclusions Unrecognized CSA-AKI due to infrequent SCr measurements is not rare and is associated with prolonged mechanical ventilation, high postoperative BNP level, and prolonged length of stay in hospital. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Although antiretroviral therapy (ART) has increased life expectancy in people with HIV-1 (PWH), acute and chronic kidney disease remain common in this population and are associated with poor outcomes. A broad spectrum of kidney disorders can be observed in PWH, some of which are directly related to intrarenal HIV infection and gene expression. HIV-associated nephropathy (HIVAN) was the most common kidney disease in PWH before ART became available. Animal models and human biopsy studies established the causal relationships between direct HIV-1 infection of renal epithelial cells and HIVAN, expression of viral genes in renal epithelial cells, and dysregulation of host genes involved in cell differentiation and cell cycle. In this review, we provide a summary of the body of work demonstrating HIV-1 infection of epithelial cells in the kidney and recent advancements in the understanding of viral entry mechanisms and consequences of HIV-1 gene expression in those cells. Graphical Abstract 
Purpose To evaluate outcomes of flexible ureteroscopy for renal stones by comparing hard versus soft stones based on their attenuation on computed tomography (Hounsfield Units—HU). Methods Patients were divided into two groups according to the type of laser employed [Holmium:YAG (HL) or Thulium fiber laser (TFL)]. Residual fragments (RF) were defined as > 2 mm. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed to evaluate factors associated with RF and RF needing further intervention. Results 4208 patients from 20 centers were included. In whole series, age, recurrent stones, stone size, lower pole stones (LPS), and multiple stones were predictors of RF at multivariable analysis and LPS and stone size with RF requiring further treatment. HU and TFL were associated with lesser RF and RF requiring an additional treatment. In HU < 1000 stones, recurrent stones, stone size, and LPS were predictors of RF at multivariable analysis, whereas TFL was less likely associated with RF. Recurrent stones, stone size, and multiple stones were predictors of RF requiring further treatment, while LPS and TFL were associated with lesser RF requiring further treatment. In HU ≥ 1000 stones, age, stone size, multiple stones, and LPS were predictors of RF at multivariable analysis, while TFL was less likely associated with RF. Stone size and LPS were predictors of RF requiring further treatment, whereas TFL was associated with RF requiring further treatment. Conclusion Stone size, LPS, and use of HL are predictors of RF after RIRS for intrarenal stones regardless of stone density. HU should be considered an important parameter in predicting SFR.
Background Automated data analysis and processing has the potential to assist, improve and guide decision making in medical practice. However, by now it has not yet been fully integrated in a clinical setting. Herein we present the first results of applying algorithm-based detection to the diagnosis of postoperative acute kidney injury (AKI) comprising patient data from a cardiac surgical intensive care unit (ICU). Methods First, we generated a well-defined study population of cardiac surgical ICU patients by implementing an application programming interface (API) to extract, clean and select relevant data from the archived digital patient management system. Health records of N  = 21,045 adult patients admitted to the ICU following cardiac surgery between 2012 and 2022 were analyzed. Secondly, we developed a software functionality to detect the incidence of AKI according to Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria, including urine output. Incidence, severity, and temporal evolution of AKI were assessed. Results With the use of our automated data analyzing model the overall incidence of postoperative AKI was 65.4% ( N  = 13,755). Divided by stages, AKI 2 was the most frequent maximum disease stage with 30.5% of patients (stage 1 in 17.6%, stage 3 in 17.2%). We observed considerable temporal divergence between first detections and maximum AKI stages: 51% of patients developed AKI stage 2 or 3 after a previously identified lower stage. Length of ICU stay was significantly prolonged in AKI patients (8.8 vs. 6.6 days, p  <  0.001) and increased for higher AKI stages up to 10.1 days on average. In terms of AKI criteria, urine output proved to be most relevant, contributing to detection in 87.3% ( N  = 12,004) of cases. Conclusion The incidence of postoperative AKI following cardiac surgery is strikingly high with 65.4% when using full KDIGO-criteria including urine output. Automated data analysis demonstrated reliable early detection of AKI with progressive deterioration of renal function in the majority of patients, therefore allowing for potential earlier therapeutic intervention for preventing or lessening disease progression, reducing the length of ICU stay, and ultimately improving overall patient outcomes. Graphical Abstract 
Background Our previously demonstrated continuous flow peritoneal dialysis (CFPD) technique in children with acute kidney injury (AKI), although effective, was manpower heavy and expensive due to the high-volume pumps required. The aim of this study was to develop and test a novel gravity-driven CFPD technique in children using readily available, inexpensive equipment and to compare this technique to conventional PD. Methods After development and initial in vitro testing, a randomised crossover clinical trial was conducted in 15 children with AKI requiring dialysis. Patients received both conventional PD and CFPD sequentially, in random order. Primary outcomes were measures of feasibility, clearance and ultrafiltration (UF). Secondary outcomes were complications and mass transfer coefficients (MTC). Paired t -tests were used to compare PD and CFPD outcomes. Results Median (range) age and weight of participants were 6.0 (0.2–14) months and 5.8 (2.3–14.0) kg, respectively. The CFPD system was easily and rapidly assembled. There were no serious adverse events attributed to CFPD. Mean ± SD UF was significantly higher on CFPD compared to conventional PD (4.3 ± 3.15 ml/kg/h vs. 1.04 ± 1.72 ml/kg/h; p < 0.001). Clearances for urea, creatinine and phosphate for children on CFPD were 9.9 ± 3.10 ml/min/1.73 m^2, 7.9 ± 3.3 ml/min/1.73 m^2 and 5.5 ± 1.5 ml/min/1.73 m^2 compared to conventional PD with values of 4.3 ± 1.68 ml/min/1.73 m^2, 3.57 ± 1.3 ml/min/1.73 m^2 and 2.53 ± 0.85 ml/min/1.73 m^2, respectively (all p < 0.001). Conclusion Gravity-assisted CFPD appears to be a feasible and effective way to augment ultrafiltration and clearances in children with AKI. It can be assembled from readily available non-expensive equipment. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Scaffolds for tissue engineering can be received by whole organ decellularization while maintaining the site-specific extracellular matrix and the vascular tree. One among other decellularization techniques is the perfusion-based method using specific agents e.g. SDS for the elimination of cellular components. While SDS can disrupt the composition of the extracellular matrix and impair the adherence and growth of site-specific cells there are indications that xenogeneic cell types may benefit from protein denaturation by using higher detergent concentrations. The aim of this work is to investigate the effect of two different SDS-concentrations (i.e. 0.66% and 3%) on the ability of human endothelial cells to adhere and proliferate in an acellular rat kidney scaffold. Material and methods Acellular rat kidney scaffold was obtained by perfusion-based decellularization through the renal artery using a standardized protocol including SDS at concentrations of 0.66% or 3%. Subsequently cell seeding was performed with human immortalized endothelial cells EA.hy 926 via the renal artery. Recellularized kidneys were harvested after five days of pressure-controlled dynamic culture followed sectioning, histochemical and immunohistochemical staining as well as semiquantitative analysis. Results Efficacy of decellularization was verified by absence of cellular components as well as preservation of ultrastructure and adhesive proteins of the extracellular matrix. In semiquantitative analysis of recellularization, cell count after five days of dynamic culture more than doubled when using the gentle decellularization protocol with a concentration of SDS at 0.66% compared to 3%. Detectable cells maintained their endothelial phenotype and presented proliferative behavior while only a negligible fraction underwent apoptosis. Conclusion Recellularization of acellular kidney scaffold with endothelial cells EA.hy 926 seeded through the renal artery benefits from gentle decellularization procedure. Because of that, decellularization with a SDS concentration at 0.66% should be preferred in further studies and coculture experiments.
The aim of this paper is to present a protocol for the routine morphocompositional study of kidney stones in a clinical setting, and to demonstrate that it is a simple and useful approach that can reliably determine the etiology of all types of kidney stones. Our routine study of kidney stones consists of a combination of stereoscopic microscopy, scanning electron microscopy, and infrared spectroscopy. The usefulness of such a procedure is demonstrated by its application to several illustrating examples. The protocol applied here is reliable and fast, and does not require multiple infrared spectroscopic analyses for most non-homogeneous samples. It also provides the identification of components that are present in very small proportions, the characteristics of internal and external structures, and information about areas with biological structures, such as renal tubules. It should be noted that results are obtained in a relatively short time and with high reliability. The detailed morphocompositional study of a urinary calculus is essential for establishing the diagnosis and etiology and for initiating the treatment of a patient with renal lithiasis, because there is a relationship between the specific characteristics of a stone and the specific etiology of the disease. The increasing number of treatments available for patients with different types of renal calculi makes improvements in diagnosis and determination of stone etiology, such as the procedure described here, more important now than ever.
Objective The study’s purpose is to explore the link of serum albumin on renal progression in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods This study was a secondary analysis of a prospective cohort study in which a total of 954 participants were non-selectively and consecutively collected from the research of CKD-ROUTE in Japan between November 2010 and December 2011. We evaluated the association between baseline ALB and renal prognosis (initiation of dialysis or 50% decline in eGFR from baseline) and renal function decline (annual eGFR decline) using the Cox proportional-hazards and linear regression models, respectively. We performed a number of sensitivity analyses to ensure the validity of the results. In addition, we performed subgroup analyses. Results The included patients had a mean age of (66.86 ± 13.41) years, and 522 (69.23%) were male. The mean baseline ALB and eGFR were (3.89 ± 0.59) g/dL and (33.43 ± 17.97) ml/min/1.73 m^2. The annual decline in eGFR was 2.65 mL/min/1.73 m^2/year. 218 (28.9%) individuals experienced renal prognosis during a median follow-up period of 36.0 months. The baseline ALB was inversely linked with renal prognosis (HR = 0.61, 95%CI: 0.45, 0.81) and renal function decline (β = -1.41, 95%CI: -2.11, -0.72) after controlling for covariates. The renal prognosis and ALB had a non-linear connection, with ALB’s inflection point occurring at 4.3 g/dL. Effect sizes (HR) were 0.42 (0.32, 0.56) and 6.11 (0.98, 38.22) on the left and right sides of the inflection point, respectively. There was also a non-linear relationship between ALB and renal function decline, and the inflection point of ALB was 4.1 g/dL. The effect sizes(β) on the left and right sides of the inflection point were -2.79(-3.62, -1.96) and 0.02 (-1.97, 1.84), respectively. Conclusion This study shows a negative and non-linear association between ALB and renal function decline as well as renal prognosis in Japanese CKD patients. When ALB is lower than 4.1 g/dL, ALB decline was closely related to poor renal prognosis and renal function decline. From a therapeutic point of view, reducing the decline in ALB makes sense for delaying CKD progression.
Background Late-onset oligomeganephronia (OMN) is a rare chronic kidney disease and has no quantitative criteria for diagnosis yet. The current study aimed to explore its clinicopathological features by histomorphometric analysis. Methods We retrospectively re-reviewed all patients with enlarged and sparse glomeruli by light microscopy at Peking University First Hospital from 2012 to 2021, excluding those with any factor known to contribute to similar changes. Age- and sex-matched patients with thin basement membrane nephropathy were selected as control to establish the cut-off values for glomerulomegaly and rarity. Late-onset OMN cases were then confirmed and the clinicopathological characteristics were summarized. Results Mean diameter and density of cortical glomeruli in control was 156.53 ± 27.50 μm and 4.07 ± 0.63 /mm^2, giving a lower limit of 211.53 μm for glomerulomegaly and an upper of 2.81 /mm^2 for rarity. Seven adults of three females and four males were finally diagnosed as late-onset OMN with a mean age of 26.57 years. They showed mild to moderate proteinuria and/or renal dysfunction at biopsy with the mean proteinuria, serum creatinine (Scr) level, and estimated glomerular filtration rate of 0.50 g/d (0.10–0.95 g/d), 140.9 µmol/L (95.1–227.1 µmol/L), and 58.7 mL/min/1.73m^2 (21.3–98.0 mL/min/1.73m^2), respectively. Four patients (57.1%) had normal Scr at diagnosis. Six patients with available data showed renal tubular injury with increased urinary microalbumin in all, elevated N-acetyl-β-glucosaminidase in two, and elevated α1 microglobulin in five. Kidney size was normal or slightly reduced. The mean density and glomerular diameter of the seven cases was 0.86 mm^2 (0.55–1.41 /mm^2) and 229.73 μm (211.88–260.66 μm). Segmental glomerular sclerosis was observed in six (85.7%) with four (66.7%) of perihilar type. Proximal tubule dilation was observed in all, focal to diffuse, lining with enlarged epithelial cells. The mean foot process width was 634.02 nm, wider than 472.54 nm of the control ( P  = 0.0002). Conclusion Late-onset OMN should be considered a special entity with relatively slow clinical progress characterized by hypertrophy of the sparsely distributed nephron.
This review provides updated knowledge on the long-term outcomes among children with antenatally diagnosed urinary tract dilatation (UTD), previously often referred to as antenatal hydronephrosis. Different definitions of UTD exist, which makes comparison between studies and generalized conclusions difficult. Roughly, one-third of antenatally diagnosed UTD, defined as a renal pelvis anterior posterior diameter (APD) of ≥ 4 mm in the second trimester and/or ≥ 7 mm in the third trimester, will resolve before birth, another third will resolve within the first years of life, and in the remaining cases, UTD will persist or a congenital abnormality (CAKUT) will be diagnosed postnatally. The risk of a postnatal CAKUT diagnosis increases with the degree of prenatal and postnatal dilatation, except for vesicoureteral reflux (VUR), which cannot be predicted from the degree of UTD. Urinary tract infections (UTIs) occur in 7–14% of children with UTD during the first years of life. The risk of UTI is higher in children with traditional risk factors for UTI, such as dilated VUR, hydroureteronephrosis, female gender, and intact foreskin. Continuous antibiotic prophylaxis may be considered in selected patients during the first years of life. In long-term follow-ups, permanent kidney damage is diagnosed in approximately 40% of children with moderate or severe UTD, but hypertension, proteinuria, and/or reduced eGFR are uncommon (0–5%). In children with mild UTD, the long-term outcome is excellent, and these children should not be subjected to unnecessary examinations and/or follow-up.
Background Impaired renal function was not a recognized indication for renal biopsy. The effects of receiving renal biopsy on the renal functional prognosis for chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients with impaired renal function need to be explored. Methods This study retrospectively enrolled 300 renal function impaired CKD patients in Renji Hospital from January 2015 to December 2017, 150 of them received percutaneous renal biopsy while the others did not. The endpoint was ≥ 50% estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) decline from baseline or development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Kaplan-Meier analysis with log-rank test was performed to compare the renal survival probability between patients receiving renal biopsy or not. Univariate and multivariate analysis with Cox regression were conducted with predictors of poor renal outcomes in the study cohort. Results The median follow-up period was 37.6 months. During the follow-up period, the eGFR of the biopsy group increased from 52.2 ± 14.4 to 67.4 ± 37.8 ml/min/1.73 m², but decreased from 55.3 ± 17.1 to 29.8 ± 19.1 ml/min/1.73 m² in the non-biopsy group. Patients who received renal biopsy had significantly higher renal survival probability (P < 0.001). Cox regression analysis revealed that 24-hour urine protein excretion (24 h UPE) more than 1 g/d was an independent predictor for poor renal outcomes in the non-biopsy group but not in the renal biopsy group (HR = 1.719, P = 0.040). Conclusion CKD patients with impaired renal function are recommended to receive renal biopsy to make pathological diagnoses, especially for those with the 24-hour urine protein excretion more than 1 g/d.
Background Recurrent focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) after kidney transplantation (KT) is a serious complication and a significant risk factor for graft failure. However, there is no clear evidence of the effectiveness of pre-transplant treatment using plasmapheresis (PP) or rituximab in preventing post-operative FSGS recurrence after KT. Methods This single-center retrospective study included 99 adult patients with biopsy-proven primary FSGS who underwent KT between 2007 and 2018. The patients were divided into the pre-treatment group (N = 53, 53.5%) and no pre-treatment group (N = 46, 46.5%). In the pre-transplant group, prophylactic PP was administered before KT in patients undergoing living donor transplantation and the day after KT in those undergoing deceased donor transplantation. Results The rate of immediate post-operative recurrence was significantly higher in the no pre-treatment group (16 [34.8%]) than in the pre-treatment group (5 [9.4%]; P  = 0.002). There were three cases of graft failure due to recurrent FSGS, all of which were in the no pre-treatment group. After adjusting for possible confounding factors, age (per 10-year increase; OR = 0.61, CI, 0.42–0.90; P  = 0.012) and pre-transplant treatment (vs. no pre-transplant treatment; OR = 0.17, CI, 0.05–0.54; P  = 0.003) were identified as significant factors associated with FSGS recurrence. The rate of death-censored graft survival was significantly superior in the pretransplant treatment group ( P  = 0.042). Conclusion Pre-transplant treatment with PP was associated with beneficial effects on preventing FSGS recurrence after KT.
Purpose The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of an intradialytic multicomponent exercise program (IMEP) on respiratory muscle strength, functional capacities, and inflammatory markers in people with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods: This was a randomized clinical trial in which 38 people with CKD were randomly allocated to training (TG; n  = 19) or a control group (CG; n  = 19). The TG performed 12 weeks of IMEP which consisted of aerobic training (AT), inspiratory muscle training (IMT), and resistance training (RT), three times a week on nonconsecutive days. Before and after 12 weeks of follow-up respiratory muscle strength, functional capacities, and inflammatory markers were measured. Post–pre-values were calculated and covariance analysis was used with the Bonferroni post hoc test using preintervention values as a covariate and significance was set at p  < 0.05. Results: Adherence to the protocol was 92%. TG showed improvements in the 30-s sit-to-stand test ( p  < 0.001), Timed Up and Go (TUG) ( p  = 0.02), 6-min walk test ( p  < 0.001), right and left-hand grip strength ( p  < 0.001), and respiratory muscle strength maximal inspiratory ( p  = 0.02) and expiratory ( p  = 0.02) pressures compared to CG. There were no significant group differences for inflammatory markers. Conclusion: Twelve weeks of IMEP resulted in improved functional capacity and respiratory muscle strength in people with CKD.
Infection-related glomerulonephritis (IRGN) is one of the most common causes of acute kidney injury (AKI). Positive glomerular staining of the nephritis-associated plasmin receptor (NAPlr) has been reported as a useful biomarker of IRGN. Although the infection can provoke acute tubulointerstitial nephritis (AIN), there are few reports of positive staining for NAPlr with AIN. We report a case of methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA) infection-related nephritis complicated with AIN, which showed positive staining for tubulointerstitial NAPlr. The patient developed AKI and nephrotic syndrome during an intraperitoneal MSSA infection. A diagnosis of IRGN complicated by infection-related acute tubulointerstitial nephritis (IRAIN) was made based on glomerular endocapillary proliferation with tubulointerstitial infiltrating cells and tubular atrophy. Tubulointerstitial infiltrating cells were positive for NAPlr staining and plasmin activity. Treatment of the infection by antibiotics and drainage did not improve the AKI, but steroid administration improved that. NAPlr evaluation is a helpful tool for identifying causes of AIN during infection.
To evaluate the cost-effectiveness of robotic-assisted surgery compared to open surgery in the context of partial nephrectomy for small kidney tumor management. This is a retrospective study using data from 395 patients operated on by either robot-assisted surgery (RAPN) or by open partial nephrectomy (OPN); one hospital performed RAPN exclusively and the second hospital, OPN exclusively. Cost-effectiveness analysis was conducted from the perspective of the National Health Insurance System (NHIS) by considering the costs of the initial hospital stay and the cost of complications. Clinical outcome was defined by the avoidance of major complications during the 12 months postoperatively. Major complications were absent in 82% of patients in the OPN group and 93% of patients in the RAPN group, with 11% in favor of robotic assistance ( p  < 0.001). The average cost per patient, including the costs of complications, were, respectively, 9637 € and 8305 € for the OPN and RAPN groups. Robotic assistance was associated with a 1332 € lower cost ( p  < 0.001). The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) is estimated at − 12,039 €. From the perspective of the public payer, robotic assistance was associated with a lower rate of postoperative complications and a lower average cost per patient. Robotic-assisted surgery was an efficient alternative to open surgery in partial nephrectomy. Trial registration number : NCT05089006 (October 22, 2021).
Background More than 4 billion doses of the Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) vaccine have been administered worldwide but the relationship between the different vaccines and the development of renal disease is unknown. We present a case of tubulointerstitial nephritis following administration of the Oxford-AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine. Case presentation A previously fit and well 51-year-old female presented on 27th May 2021 with a one-month history of weight loss, fatigue, nausea, and a metallic taste. She had an acute kidney injury with a creatinine of 484 umol/L. She was on no regular medications and denied taking any over-the-counter or alternative medicines. She had received her first dose of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine on 23rd March 2021 and her second dose on 20th May 2021. A renal biopsy was performed the following day. The 19 glomeruli appeared normal to light microscopy but the tubulointerstitial compartment contained a dense inflammatory infiltrate including many eosinophils. There was widespread acute tubular injury with tubulitis, but no established or longstanding atrophy. A diagnosis was made of an acute tubulointerstitial nephritis. She was commenced on oral prednisolone and her renal function improved. She did not require renal replacement therapy at any time. Conclusions To our knowledge, this was the first described case of acute tubulointerstitial nephritis following administration of the Oxford-AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine, although a number of cases have emerged more recently. In our case the patient was very fit and well, had no previous past medical history and had not taken any recent prescribed, over-the-counter or alternative medications. The absence of these provoking factors in our case makes the vaccine the most likely explanation for the development of tubulointerstitial nephritis although the pathophysiology behind this remains unknown. Given the unprecedented number of vaccinations being delivered around the world, nephrologists should be aware of this possible link although more research into the topic is required.
Background Primary hyperoxaluria (PH) results from genetic mutations in different genes of glyoxylate metabolism, which cause significant increases in production of oxalate by the liver. This study aimed to report clinical and laboratory manifestations and outcome of PH type 1 in children in our center. Methods A single-center observational cohort study was conducted at Children’s University Hospital in Damascus, and included all patients admitted from 2018 to 2020, with a diagnosis of hyperoxaluria (urinary oxalate excretion > 45 mg/1.73 m^2/day, or > 0.5 mmol/1.73 m^2/day). PH type 1 (PH1) diagnosis was established by identification of biallelic pathogenic variants (compound heterozygous or homozygous mutations) in AGXT gene on molecular genetic testing. Results The study included 100 patients with hyperoxaluria, with slight male dominance (57%), and median age 1.75 years (range, 1 month–14 years). Initial complaint was urolithiasis or nephrocalcinosis in 47%, kidney failure manifestations in 29%, and recurrent urinary tract infection in 24%. AGXT mutations were detected in 40 patients, and 72.5% of PH1 patients had kidney failure at presentation. Neither gender, age nor urinary oxalate excretion in 24 h had statistical significance in distinguishing PH1 from other forms of hyperoxaluria (P-Value > 0.05). Parental consanguinity, family history of kidney stones, bilateral nephrocalcinosis, presence of oxalate crystals in random urine sample, kidney failure and mortality were statistically significantly higher in PH1 (P-values < 0.05). Mortality was 32.5% among PH1 patients, with 4 PH1 patients (10%) on hemodialysis awaiting combined liver–kidney transplantation. Conclusion PH1 is still a grave disease with wide variety of clinical presentations which frequent results in delays in diagnosis, thus kidney failure is still a common presentation. In Syria, we face many challenges in diagnosis of PH, especially PH2 and PH3, and in management, with hopes that diagnosis tools and modern therapies will become available in our country. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Background The extent of the consequences of an episode of severe acute kidney injury (AKI) on long-term outcome of critically ill patients remain debated. We conducted a prospective follow-up of patients included in a large multicenter clinical trial of renal replacement therapy (RRT) initiation strategy during severe AKI (the Artificial Kidney Initiation in Kidney Injury, AKIKI) to investigate long-term survival, renal outcome and health related quality of life (HRQOL). We also assessed the influence of RRT initiation strategy on these outcomes. Results Follow-up of patients extended from 60 days to a median of 3.35 years [interquartile range (IQR), 1.89 to 4.09] after the end of initial study. Of the 619 patients included in the AKIKI trial, 316 survived after 60 days. The overall survival rate at 3 years from inclusion was 39.4% (95% CI 35.4 to 43.4). A total of 46 patients (on the 175 with available data on long-term kidney function) experienced worsening of renal function (WRF) at the time of follow-up [overall incidence of 26%, cumulative incidence at 4 years: 20.6% (CI 95% 13.0 to 28.3)]. Fifteen patients required chronic dialysis (5% of patients who survived after day 90). Among the 226 long-term survivors, 80 (35%) answered the EQ-5D questionnaire. The median index value reported was 0.67 (IQR 0.40 to 1.00) indicating a noticeable alteration of quality of life. Initiation strategy for RRT had no effect on any long-term outcome. Conclusion Severe AKI in critically ill patients was associated with a high proportion of death within the first 2 months but less so during long-term follow-up. A quarter of long-term survivors experienced a WRF and suffered from a noticeable impairment of quality of life. Renal replacement therapy initiation strategy was not associated with mortality outcome. Graphical Abstract 
Background Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the main noncommunicable diseases encountered in primary health care clinics. DM is considered one of the most common causes of chronic kidney disease (CKD). In this study, we aimed to assess the knowledge, attitudes, and practices (KAP) of patients with DM on the early detection and prevention of CKD, determine its relationship with other variables, and examine the relationship between KAP scores for the prevention and early detection of CKD and the Michigan Diabetic Knowledge Test. Methods We collected data from 2 Nablus primary healthcare centers using a questionnaire that contains three sections: sociodemographic section, questions related to DM, and CKD screening index, which is formed of three scales. We used the Michigan Diabetic Knowledge Test (MDKT) to assess the knowledge of diabetic patients. Results The study was carried out among 386 diabetic patients with a mean age of 57.62 ± 12.4 years (ranging from 28 to 90). The median (interquartile range) was 11 (8–14) for the knowledge scale, 56 (52–59) for the attitude scale, and 30 (26–33) for the practice scale. In the multiple linear regression, only patients under 55 years old ( p  = 0.012), with normal BMI ( p  = 0.030), high educational level ( p  < 0.001), high monthly income ( p  = 0.020), and MDKT test score ( p  = 0.007) were significantly associated with higher knowledge score. Furthermore, patients who were over or equal to 55 years old ( p  = 0.007), had a high monthly income ( p  = 0.016), used a single oral diabetic drug ( p  = 0.003), had a total number of medications less than 4 ( p  = 0.010), and had a high knowledge and MDKT test were significantly associated with a higher attitude score. Finally, a patient with normal BMI ( p  = 0.002), city residency ( p  = 0.034), high educational level ( p  = 0.003), less frequent tobacco use ( p  < 0.001), last HbA1c ( p  = 0.023) and greater knowledge, attitude, and MDKT score were significantly associated with better practices toward CKD prevention and early detection. Conclusion Regarding KAP analysis, higher practice scores for the prevention and early detection of CKD were significantly associated with patients with normal BMI, being city residents, high educational level, less tobacco use, last HbA1c below 7, and higher knowledge, attitude, and MDKT score.
Introduction Sepsis associated acute kidney injury (SAKI) is a common complication of sepsis with high incidence and mortality around the world. SAKI characterized by low survival rate, poorlong-term prognosis and quality of life of patients, causes huge economic burden to family and society. A large amount of evidence indicates that early diagnosis and necessary treatment of SAKI can effectively improves the prognosis of patients. However, at present, laboratory indicators for early diagnosis of SAKI are limited. Therefore, understanding the risk factors associated with SAKI is crucial for early prediction of SAKI. Method The meta-analysis was conducted with PRISMA statement. All studies are collected from PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane library, Wiley online library and CNKI databases, and all published from the initiation of the database to Feb 11, 2022, were included. Result A total of 25 studies were included in this meta-analysis, with statistically significant risk factors as follows: diabetes [1.79 (1.43 2.24)], hypotension (MAP < 65 mmHg) [2.25 (1.88 2.70)], coagulation dysfunction [1.14 (1.04 1.24)], liver disease [1.68 (1.28 2.20)], heart disease [1.89 (1.54 3.31)], high APACHEII scores [1.25 (1.02 1.53)], lactic acidosis [1.65 (1.38 1.97)], oliguria [ 1.45 (1.01 2.08), high serum creatinine (> 88 mol/l) [3.84 (2.10 7.04)]. Conclusion Diabetes, hypotension (MAP < 65 mmHg), coagulation dysfunction, liver disease, heart disease, high APACHEII score, lactic acidosis, oliguria, high serum creatinine are the risk factors of SAKI.
Background Immunosuppression in transplantation continues to be associated with a multitude of adverse effects. Induction of immune tolerance may be a viable strategy to reduce dependence on immunosuppression. Various trials are currently underway to assess the efficacy of this strategy. However, long-term safety data for these immune tolerance regimes has yet to be established. Methods/design At the completion of primary follow-up of various Medeor kidney transplant studies, subjects receiving cellular immunotherapy products will be followed annually as per protocolized schedule for up to an additional 84 months (7 years) to evaluate long-term safety. Long-term safety will be assessed by summarizing incidence of serious adverse events, adverse events leading to study withdrawal and hospitalization rates. Discussion This extension study will be an important step in evaluating safety issues pertaining to immune tolerance regimens, long-term effects of which are largely unknown. These data are essential for furthering an unrealized goal of kidney transplantation- graft longevity without the adverse effects from long-term immunosuppression. The study design utilizes the methodology of a master protocol, wherein multiple therapies can be assessed simultaneously with accompanied gathering of long-term safety data.
Introduction Gout is considered uncommon among Black Africans. It is commoner in men and associated with obesity, hypertension, and chronic kidney disease (CKD). This study aims to determine the pattern and frequency of gout and its associated factors in Maiduguri, north-eastern Nigeria. Method A retrospective study of gout patients managed at the rheumatology clinic of the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH), Nigeria, from January 2014 to December 2021. Diagnosis of gout was made using the Netherlands 2010 criteria, and CKD was defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of < 60 ml/min/1.73m^2 using the 2021 CKD-epidemiology collaboration (CKD-EPI) creatinine equation. A P -value of < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results Out of 1409 patients seen during the study period, 150 (10.7%) had gout. They comprised 57.0% males, mostly presented with mono-articular disease (47.7%) with the ankle predominantly involved (52.3%). First metatarsophalangeal and knee joint involvement were commoner among males than females (59% vs 39%, p  = 0.052 and 55.7% vs 34.8%, p  = 0.05 respectively). The mean serum uric acid (SUA) level was 557.6 ± 176.2 mmol/l, and the levels did not differ between gender ( p  = 0.118, CI [− 126.6 to 14.5]). Ninety (84.1%) had CKD with 20.6% in end-stage renal disease (eGFR < 15 ml/min/1.73m^2). Polyarticular involvement and tophi were commoner among patients with CKD (21.1% versus 11.8% p  = 0.652 and χ  = 4.364, p  = 0.022 respectively) Serum uric acid levels positively correlated with serum creatinine ( p  = 0.006) and negatively correlated with eGFR ( p  = 0.001). The best predictor of SUA level was the eGFR ( B  =  − 2.598, p  < 0.001). Conclusion Gout in north-eastern Nigeria constitutes about 11% of all rheumatic diseases and is typically monoarticular; however, polyarticular form and tophi were commonly seen in patients with CKD. Further studies will be needed to evaluate the relationship between the pattern of gout and CKD in the region. Key Points • Gout in Maiduguri is commonly monoarticular; however, polyarticular presentations and tophi are commoner among gout patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). • The increase in the burden of CKD might have resulted in the increase in the number of females with gout. • The use of the validated and simple Netherlands criteria for the diagnosis of gout is useful in developing countries to overcome the challenges associated with the use of polarized microscope and thereby allowing further research on gout. • There is a need for further research on the pattern and prevalence of gout and its relationship with CKD in Maiduguri, Nigeria.
Background People with kidney failure often require surgery and experience worse postoperative outcomes compared to the general population, but existing risk prediction tools have excluded those with kidney failure during development or exhibit poor performance. Our objective was to derive, internally validate, and estimate the clinical utility of risk prediction models for people with kidney failure undergoing non-cardiac surgery. Design, setting, participants, and measures This study involved derivation and internal validation of prognostic risk prediction models using a retrospective, population-based cohort. We identified adults from Alberta, Canada with pre-existing kidney failure (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] < 15 mL/min/1.73m^2 or receipt of maintenance dialysis) undergoing non-cardiac surgery between 2005–2019. Three nested prognostic risk prediction models were assembled using clinical and logistical rationale. Model 1 included age, sex, dialysis modality, surgery type and setting. Model 2 added comorbidities, and Model 3 added preoperative hemoglobin and albumin. Death or major cardiac events (acute myocardial infarction or nonfatal ventricular arrhythmia) within 30 days after surgery were modelled using logistic regression models. Results The development cohort included 38,541 surgeries, with 1,204 outcomes (after 3.1% of surgeries); 61% were performed in males, the median age was 64 years (interquartile range [IQR]: 53, 73), and 61% were receiving hemodialysis at the time of surgery. All three internally validated models performed well, with c-statistics ranging from 0.783 (95% Confidence Interval [CI]: 0.770, 0.797) for Model 1 to 0.818 (95%CI: 0.803, 0.826) for Model 3. Calibration slopes and intercepts were excellent for all models, though Models 2 and 3 demonstrated improvement in net reclassification. Decision curve analysis estimated that use of any model to guide perioperative interventions such as cardiac monitoring would result in potential net benefit over default strategies. Conclusions We developed and internally validated three novel models to predict major clinical events for people with kidney failure having surgery. Models including comorbidities and laboratory variables showed improved accuracy of risk stratification and provided the greatest potential net benefit for guiding perioperative decisions. Once externally validated, these models may inform perioperative shared decision making and risk-guided strategies for this population.
Background Aging is associated with impaired renal function and structural alterations. Oxidative stress plays a vital role in renal senescence and damage. Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) is thought to protect cells from oxidative stress through nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (NRF2). Ellagic acid (EA), a natural antioxidant, has been demonstrated to have renoprotective roles in vitro and in vivo. This study investigated if SIRT1 and NRF2 mediate the protective effects of EA in aged kidneys. Methods Male Wistar rats were divided into three groups including young (4 months), old, and old + EA (25 months). Young and old groups received EA solvent, while the old + EA group was treated with EA (30 mg/kg) by gavage for 30 days. Then, the level of renal oxidative stress, SIRT1 and NRF2 expression, kidney function parameters, and histopathological indices were measured. Results Treatment with EA significantly increased the level of antioxidant enzymes and reduced malondialdehyde concentration ( P  < 0.01). Moreover, EA administration remarkably upregulated mRNA and protein levels of SIRT1 and NRF2 as well as deacetylated NRF2 protein ( P  < 0.05). Additionally, EA treated rats improved kidney function and histopathological scores ( P  < 0.05). Conclusions These findings suggest that ellagic acid exerts protective effects on aged kidneys by activating SIRT1 and NRF2 signaling.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) following total joint arthroplasty (TJA) is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) is used as an indicator of renal function. The purpose of this study was (1) to assess each of the five equations that are used in calculating eGFR, and (2) to evaluate which equation may best predict AKI in patients following TJA. Methods The National Surgical Quality Improvement Program (NSQIP) was queried for all 497,261 cases of TJA performed from 2012 to 2019 with complete data. The Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) II, re-expressed MDRD II, Cockcroft-Gault, Mayo quadratic, and Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration equations were used to calculate preoperative eGFR. Two cohorts were created based on the development of postoperative AKI and were compared based on demographic and preoperative factors. Multivariate regression analysis was used to assess for independent associations between preoperative eGFR and postoperative renal failure for each equation. The Akaike information criterion (AIC) was used to evaluate predictive ability of the five equations. Results Seven hundred seventy-seven (0.16%) patients experienced AKI after TJA. The Cockcroft-Gault equation yielded the highest mean eGFR (98.6 ± 32.7), while the Re-expressed MDRD II equation yielded the lowest mean eGFR (75.1 ± 28.8). Multivariate regression analysis demonstrated that a decrease in preoperative eGFR was independently associated with an increased risk of developing postoperative AKI in all five equations. The AIC was the lowest in the Mayo equation. Conclusions Preoperative decrease in eGFR was independently associated with increased risk of postoperative AKI in all five equations. The Mayo equation was most predictive of the development of postoperative AKI following TJA. The mayo equation best identified patients with the highest risk of postoperative AKI, which may help providers make decisions on perioperative management in these patients.
Background Early diagnosis and typing are crucial for improving the prognosis of patients with renal amyloidosis. Currently, Untargeted proteomics based precise diagnosis and typing of amyloid deposits are crucial for guiding patient management. Although untargeted proteomics achieve ultra-high-throughput by selecting the most abundant eluting cationic peptide precursors in series for tandem MS events, it lacks in sensitivity and reproducibility, which may not be suitable for early-stage renal amyloidosis with minor damages. Here, we aimed to develop parallel reaction monitoring (PRM)-based targeted proteomics to achieve high sensitivity and specificity by determining absolute abundances and codetecting all transitions of highly repeatable peptides of preselected amyloid signature and typing proteins in identifying early-stage renal immunoglobulin-derived amyloidosis. Methods and results In 10 discovery cohort cases, Congo red-stained FFPE slices were micro-dissected and analyzed by data-dependent acquisition-based untargeted proteomics for preselection of typing specific proteins and peptides. Further, a list of proteolytic peptides from amyloidogenic proteins and internal standard proteins were quantified by PRM-based targeted proteomics to validate performance for diagnosis and typing in 26 validation cohort cases. The diagnosis and typing effectiveness of PRM-based targeted proteomics in 10 early-stage renal amyloid cases was assessed via a comparison with untargeted proteomics. A peptide panel of amyloid signature proteins, immunoglobulin light chain and heave chain in PRM-based targeted proteomics showed significantly distinguishing ability and amyloid typing performance in patients. The diagnostic algorithm of targeted proteomics with a low amount of amyloid deposits in early-stage renal immunoglobulin-derived amyloidosis showed better performance than untargeted proteomics in amyloidosis typing. Conclusions This study demonstrates that the utility of these prioritized peptides in PRM-based targeted proteomics ensure high sensitivity and reliability for identifying early-stage renal amyloidosis. Owing to the development and clinical application of this method, rapid acceleration of the early diagnosis, and typing of renal amyloidosis is expected.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients with and without heart failure (HF) often present with hyperkalaemia (HK) leading to increased risk of hospitalisations, cardiovascular related events and cardiovascular-related mortality. Renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system inhibitor (RAASi) therapy, the mainstay treatment in CKD management, provides significant cardiovascular and renal protection. Nevertheless, its use in the clinic is often suboptimal and treatment is frequently discontinued due to its association with HK. We evaluated the cost-effectiveness of patiromer, a treatment known to reduce potassium levels and increase cardiorenal protection in patients receiving RAASi, in the UK healthcare setting. Methods A Markov cohort model was generated to assess the pharmacoeconomic impact of patiromer treatment in regulating HK in patients with advanced CKD with and without HF. The model was generated to predict the natural history of both CKD and HF and quantify the costs and clinical benefits associated with the use of patiromer for HK management from a healthcare payer’s perspective in the UK. Results Economic evaluation of patiromer use compared to standard of care (SoC) resulted in increased discounted life years (8.93 versus 8.67) and increased discounted quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) (6.36 versus 6.16). Furthermore, patiromer use resulted in incremental discounted cost of £2,973 per patient and an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) of £14,816 per QALY gained. On average, patients remained on patiromer therapy for 7.7 months, and treatment associated with a decrease in overall clinical event incidence and delayed CKD progression. Compared to SoC, patiromer use resulted in 218 fewer HK events per 1,000 patients, when evaluating potassium levels at the 5.5–6 mmol/l; 165 fewer RAASi discontinuation episodes; and 64 fewer RAASi down-titration episodes. In the UK, patiromer treatment was predicted to have a 94.5% and 100% chance of cost-effectiveness at willingness-to-pay thresholds (WTP) of £20,000/QALY and £30,000/QALY, respectively. Conclusion This study highlights the value of both HK normalisation and RAASi maintenance in CKD patients with and without HF. Results support the guidelines which recommend HK treatment, e.g., patiromer, as a strategy to enable the continuation of RAASi therapy and improve clinical outcomes in CKD patients with and without HF.
Background Recently, there has been a significant amount of debate concerning the question of whether laparoscopic surgery should be performed transperitoneally or retroperitoneally for treating large renal tumors. Aim The purpose of this research is to conduct a comprehensive review and meta-analysis of the previous research on the safety and efficacy of transperitoneal laparoscopic radical nephrectomy (TLRN) and retroperitoneal laparoscopic radical nephrectomy (RLRN) in the treatment of large-volume renal malignancies. Methods An extensive search of the scientific literature was carried out utilizing PubMed, Scopus, Embase, SinoMed, and Google Scholar in order to locate randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and prospective and retrospective studies that compared the effectiveness of RLRN versus TLRN in the treatment of for large renal malignancies. For the purpose of comparing the oncologic and perioperative outcomes of the two techniques, data were taken from the research studies that were included and pooled together. Results A total of 14 studies (five RCTs and nine retrospective studies) were incorporated into this meta-analysis. The overall RLRN had an association with significantly shorter operating time (OT) (MD [mean difference]: − 26.57; 95% CI [confidence interval]: − 33.39 to − 19.75; p  < 0.00001); less estimated blood loss (EBL) (MD: − 20.55; CI: − 32.86 to − 8.23; p  = 0.001); faster postoperative intestinal exhaust (MD: − 0.65; CI: − 0.95 to − 0.36; p  < 0.00001). The terms of length of stay (LOS) ( p  = 0.26), blood transfusion ( p  = 0.26), conversion rate ( p  = 0.26), intraoperative complications ( p  = 0.5), postoperative complications ( p  = 0.18), local recurrence rate ( p  = 0.56), positive surgical margin (PSM) ( p  = 0.45), and distant recurrence rate ( p  = 0.7) did not show any differences. Conclusions RLRN provides surgical and oncologic results similar to TLRN, with potential advantages regarding shorter OT, EBL, and postoperative intestinal exhaust. Due to the high heterogeneity among the studies, long-term randomized clinical trials are required to obtain more definitive results.
Background Depression increases the risk of adverse clinical outcomes in patients with chronic kidney disease. Physical activity has been shown to improve depressive symptoms in this population, but the relationship of sedentary behavior with depression has not been studied. In this study, we examined the relationship between sedentary behavior and depression in patients with chronic kidney disease. Methods This cross-sectional study included 5,205 participants aged ≥ 18 years with chronic kidney disease participating in the 2007–2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Depression was assessed using the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9). Recreation activity, work activity, walking or cycling for transportation, and sedentary behavior were measured using the Global Physical Activity Questionnaire. A series of weighted logistic regression models were used to investigate the aforementioned relationship. Results The prevalence of depression among US adults with chronic kidney disease was 10.97% in our study. In addition, sedentary behavior was strongly associated with higher levels of depressive symptoms, as measured by the PHQ-9 (P < 0.001). In the fully adjusted model, we found that compared with participants who had shorter durations of sedentary behavior, participants who had the highest durations of sedentary behavior had 1.69 times (odd ratio 1.69, 95% confidence interval: 1.27, 2.24) greater risk of being clinically depressed. After adjusting for confounding factors, subgroup analyses showed that the association between sedentary behavior and depression still existed in all stratifications. Conclusion We found an association between longer duration of sedentary behavior and more severe depression in US adults with chronic kidney disease; however, prospective studies with larger sample sizes are still needed to confirm the effects of sedentary behavior on depression in the chronic kidney disease population.
Background Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have provided significant benefits in cancer treatment, but they could develop immune-related adverse events (irAE). ICI-associated renal adverse effects are rare and tubulointerstitial nephritis (TIN) is the most common in the renal irAE. However, only a few case reports of renal vasculitis associated with ICI have been reported. In addition, the characteristics of infiltrating inflammatory cells of ICI-associated TIN and renal vasculitis have been uncertain. Case presentation A 65-year-old man received immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs), anti-CTLA-4 (cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4) and anti-PD-1 (programmed cell death 1) antibodies for aggravated metastatic malignant melanoma. About 1 week after the second administration of nivolumab and ipilimumab, acute kidney injury developed. A renal biopsy was performed that showed TIN and non-necrotizing granulomatous vasculitis in interlobular arteries. Massive CD3^+ T cells and CD163^+ macrophages infiltrated both tubulointerstitium and interlobular arteries. Many infiltrating cells tested positive for Ki-67 and PD-1 ligand (PD-L1), but negative for PD-1. In CD3^+ T cells, CD8^+ T cells were predominantly infiltrated, and these cells were positive for Granzyme B (GrB) and cytotoxic granule TIA-1, but negative for CD25, indicating antigen-independent activated CD8^+ T cells. Infiltration of CD4^+ T cells was noted without obvious CD4^+ CD25^+ regulatory T (Treg) cells. His renal dysfunction recovered within 2 months of treatment with prednisolone in addition to discontinuation of nivolumab and ipilimumab. Conclusions We herein reported a case of ICI-related TIN and renal granulomatous vasculitis with infiltration of massive antigen-independent activated CD8^+ T cells and CD163^+ macrophages, and none or few CD4^+ CD25^+ Treg cells. These infiltrating cells might be a characteristic of the development of renal irAE.
Background Pasteurella multocida -related sepsis can cause purpura fulminans (PF), a rare thrombotic disorder that often presents acutely and is potentially fatal. As a consequence of disseminated intravascular coagulation, this hematological emergency originates from micro-thrombotic occlusion of peripheral blood vessels and resulting circulatory failure. Thus far, no studies have reported the use of venoarterial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (VA-ECMO) for saving lives in patients with worsening respiratory and circulatory failure. Moreover, the development of non-occlusive mesenteric ischemia after VA-ECMO has not yet been documented. Here, we describe the case of a 52-year-old female patient with PF and non-occlusive mesenteric ischemia due to Pasteurella multocida -related sepsis who received VA-ECMO. Case presentation A 52-year-old-female patient presented to the hospital with a week-long fever and worsening cough. Chest radiography findings revealed ground-glass opacity. We made a diagnosis of acute respiratory distress syndrome due to sepsis and initiated ventilatory management. Because respiratory and circulatory parameters were not maintained, VA-ECMO was introduced. After admission, ischemic findings were observed in the periphery of the extremities, and a diagnosis of PF was made. Pasteurella multocida was detected in blood cultures. On day 9, the sepsis was cured with antimicrobial treatment. The patient’s respiratory and circulatory status improved, and she was weaned off VA-ECMO. However, on day 16, her stable circulatory system collapsed again, and her abdominal pain worsened. We performed exploratory laparotomy and noted necrosis and perforation of the small intestine. As a result, partial resection of the small intestine was performed. Conclusion In this case, VA-ECMO was used to maintain circulatory dynamics during septic shock in a patient with Pasteurella multocida infection who developed PF. Surgery was also performed for complicated ischemic necrosis of the intestinal tract, helping save the patient's life. This development illustrated the importance of paying attention to intestinal ischemia during intensive care.
Purpose Published works have reported the impact of a nephrologist intervention on outcomes for patients with hospital-acquired acute kidney injury (HA-AKI), however little is known about the clinical characteristics of patients with community-acquired acute kidney injury (CA-AKI) and the impact of nephrology interventions on outcomes in these patients. Methods A retrospective study on all adult patients admitted to a large tertiary care hospital in 2019 who were identified to have CA-AKI were followed from hospital admission to discharge. Clinical characteristics and outcomes of these patients were analysed by receipt of nephrology consultation. Statistical analysis included descriptive, simple Chi-squared/Fischer Exact test, independent samples t-test/Mann–Whitney U test and logistic regression. Results 182 patients fulfilled the study inclusion criteria. Mean age was 75 ± 14 years, 41% were female, 64% had stage 1 AKI on admission, 35% received nephrology input and 52% had achieved recovery of kidney function by discharge. Higher admission and discharge serum creatinine (SCr) (290.5 vs 159 and 173 vs 109 µmol/L respectively, p =  < 0.001), and younger age (68 vs 79, p =  < 0.001) were associated with nephrology consultations, whilst length of hospitalisation, mortality and rehospitalisation rates were not significantly different between the two groups. At least 65% were recorded to be on at least one nephrotoxic medication. Conclusion Our findings provide a snapshot of current practice where close to two-thirds of hospitalised patients with CA-AKI had a mild form of AKI that was associated with good clinical outcomes. While higher SCr on admission and younger age were predictors of receiving a nephrology consultation, nephrology consultations did not have any impact on outcomes.
Background To investigate the factors associated with acute kidney injury (AKI) in postoperative colorectal cancer (CRC) patients and develop a risk prediction model. Methods The clinical data of 389 CRC patients were retrospectively analyzed. The patients were divided into AKI (n = 30) and non-AKI groups (n = 359) according to KDIGO diagnostic criteria. Demographic data, the presence of underlying diseases, perioperative conditions and related examination results were compared between the two groups. Binary logistic regression was used to analyze the independent risk factors for postoperative AKI, and a risk prediction model was established. And a verification group (94 patients) was used to verify the model. Results 30 patients (7.71%) with CRC had postoperative AKI. Binary logistic regression analysis showed that preoperative combined hypertension, preoperative anemia, inadequate intraoperative crystalloid infusion, low intraoperative minimum mean arterial pressure (MAP) and moderate to severe postoperative decline in hemoglobin (Hb) levels were independent risk factors. The risk prediction model developed was expressed as Logit P = − 0.853 + 1.228 * preoperative combined hypertension + 1.275 *preoperative anemia − 0.002 * intraoperative crystalloid infusion (ml) − 0.091 * intraoperative minimum MAP (mmHg) + 1.482 * moderate to severe postoperative decline in Hb levels. In Hosmer–Lemeshow test, χ^2 = 8.157, P = 0.718 showed that the fitting effect was good. The area under ROC curve was 0.776 (95% CI 0.682–0.871, P < 0.001), with a prediction threshold of 1.570, a sensitivity of 63.3% and a specificity of 88.9%. The sensitivity and specificity of the verification group were 65.8% and 86.1%. Conclusions Preoperative combined hypertension, preoperative anemia, inadequate intraoperative crystalloid infusion, low intraoperative minimum MAP, and moderate to severe postoperative decline in Hb levels were independent risk factors for AKI development in CRC patients. The prediction model can effectively predict the occurrence of postoperative AKI in patients with CRC.
Objective We aimed to explore the association between thyroid hormones and different stages of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) in Chinese adults. Methods This is a retrospective study involving 2,832 participants. DKD was diagnosed and classified according to the Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) categories. Effect sizes are expressed as odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI). Results After propensity score matching (PSM) on age, gender, hypertension, hemoglobin A1c(HbA1c), total cholesterol (TC), serum triglyceride (TG) and duration of diabetes, per 0.2 pg/mL increment in serum free triiodothyronine (FT3) was significantly associated with 13%, 22% and 37% reduced risk of moderate-risk (OR, 95% CI, P: 0.87, 0.70–0.87, < 0.001), high-risk (0.78, 0.70–0.87, < 0.001) and very-high-risk (0.63, 0.55–0.72, < 0.001) DKD stages relative to the low-risk DKD stage, respectively. After PSM analyses, serum FT4 and TSH showed no statistical significance in risk estimates for all DKD stages. To facilitate clinical application, a nomogram prediction model was established for the moderate-risk, high-risk and very-high-risk DKD stages, with decent accuracy. Conclusion Our results indicate that high concentrations of serum FT3 were associated with the significantly reduced risk of having moderate-risk to very-high-risk DKD stages.
Background Kidney ischemia–reperfusion injury is inevitable in kidney transplantation, and is essential for primary graft dysfunction and delayed graft function. Our previous study has proved that miR-92a could ameliorate kidney ischemia–reperfusion injury, but the mechanism has not been studied. Methods This study conducted further research on the role of miR-92a in kidney ischemia–reperfusion injury and organ preservation. In vivo, mice models of bilateral kidney ischemia (30 min), cold preservation after ischemia (cold preservation time of 6, 12, and 24 h), and ischemia–reperfusion (reperfusion time of 24, 48, and 72 h) were established. Before or after modeling, the model mice were injected with miR-92a-agomir through the caudal vein. In vitro, the hypoxia–reoxygenation of HK-2 cells was used to simulate ischemia–reperfusion injury. Results Kidney ischemia and ischemia–reperfusion significantly damaged kidney function, decreased the expression of miR-92a, and increased apoptosis and autophagy in kidneys. miR-92a agomir tail vein injection significantly increased the expression of miR-92a in kidneys, improved kidney function, and alleviated kidney injury, and the intervention before modeling achieved a better effect than after. Moreover, miR-92a agomir significantly reduced the apoptosis and autophagy in HK-2 cells induced by hypoxia, hypoxia–reoxygenation, and rapamycin, while miR-92a antagomir had opposite effects. Furthermore, mitogen-activated protein kinase, c-Jun NH (2) terminal kinase, caspase 3, Beclin 1, and microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3B were inhibited by overexpression of miR-92a both in vivo and in vitro, which in turn reduced apoptosis and autophagy. Conclusions Our results prove that overexpression of miR-92a attenuated kidney ischemia–reperfusion injury and improved kidney preservation, and intervention before ischemia–reperfusion provides better protection than after.
Objectives Few studies have examined the quality of life of living kidney donors in mainland China. The data on anxiety and depression of living kidney donors was also scant. This study aimed to investigate quality of life, anxiety, and depression and identify their influencing factors among living kidney donors in mainland China. Methods A cross-sectional study included 122 living kidney donors from a kidney transplantation center in China. The abbreviated World Health Organization Quality of Life questionnaire, Generalized Anxiety Disorder 2‐item and Patient Health Questionnaire 2-item were used to assess the quality of life, anxiety and depression symptoms, respectively. Results Our study found that the physical related quality of life of our donors was poorer than that of the domestic general population. Among 122 donors, 43.4% and 29.5% of them were found to have anxiety and depression symptoms, respectively. Poor health condition of recipient was identified as not only negative factors affecting all domains of quality of life, but also closely related to anxiety and depression of kidney donors. Donors with proteinuria were more likely to have a poor psychological, social related quality of life, as well as anxiety and depression symptoms. Conclusions Living kidney donation has an impact on the physical and mental health of donors. Both the physical and mental health of living kidney donors should not be ignored. More attention and support should be given to donors with proteinuria and donors whose relative recipient suffering poor health condition.
The effect of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) on 24-h urine parameters and resultant kidney stone risk is unknown. We sought to compare urinary lithogenic risk factors among patients with kidney stone disease with and without OSA. We performed a retrospective cohort study of adult patients with nephrolithiasis undergoing both polysomnography and 24-h urine analysis. Measures of acid load including gastrointestinal alkali absorption, urinary titratable acid, and net acid excretion were calculated from 24-h urine. We performed univariable comparisons of 24-h urine parameters between those with and without OSA and fit a multivariable linear regression model adjusting for age, sex, and BMI. Overall, there were 127 patients who underwent both polysomnography and a 24-h urine analysis from 2006 to 2018. There were 109 (86%) patients with OSA and 18 (14%) without. Patients with OSA were more commonly male, had greater BMI and had higher rates of hypertension. Patients with OSA had significantly higher levels of 24-h urinary oxalate, uric acid, sodium, potassium, phosphorous, chloride, and sulfate; higher supersaturation of uric acid; higher titratable acid, and net acid excretion; and lower urinary pH and supersaturation of calcium phosphate ( p  < 0.05). The difference in urinary pH and titratable acid, but not net acid excretion, remained significant when adjusting for BMI, age, and gender (both p  = 0.02). OSA is associated with changes in urinary analytes that promote kidney stone formation, similar to those observed with obesity. After accounting for BMI, OSA is independently associated with lower urine pH and increased urinary titratable acid.
Background Sepsis-associated AKI has been shown to be related to sepsis mortality. Macrophage activation and endothelial cell damage are involved in the progression of sepsis-associated AKI, but the specific mechanisms are still unclear. Methods In vitro experiments, exosomes extracted from lipopolysaccharide (LPS) -stimulated macrophages were co-incubated with rat glomerular endothelial cells (RGECs) and then detected the injury markers of RGECs. Acid sphingomyelinase (ASM) inhibitor amitriptyline were used to investigate the role of ASM. In vivo experiment, exosomes produced by LPS-stimulated macrophages were injected into mice through tail vein to further explore the role of macrophage-derived exosomes. Moreover, ASM knockout mice were used to verify the mechanism. Result In vitro, the secretion of macrophage exosomes increased upon the stimulation with LPS. Notably, macrophage-derived exosomes can cause glomerular endothelial cell dysfunction. In vivo, macrophage infiltration and exosome secretion in glomeruli of the LPS-induced AKI group increased. The exosomes produced by LPS-stimulated macrophages were injected into mice, which also led to the injury of renal endothelial cells. In addition, in the LPS-induced AKI mouse model, compared with wild-type mice, the secretion of exosomes in glomeruli of ASM gene knockout mice and the injury of endothelial cells were reduced. Conclusion Our study shows that ASM regulates the secretion of macrophage exosomes, leading to endothelial cell injury, which may be a therapeutic target in sepsis-associated AKI.
Background Many potential prognostic factors for predicting kidney transplantation outcomes have been identified. However, in Switzerland, no widely accepted prognostic model or risk score for transplantation outcomes is being routinely used in clinical practice yet. We aim to develop three prediction models for the prognosis of graft survival, quality of life, and graft function following transplantation in Switzerland. Methods The clinical kidney prediction models (KIDMO) are developed with data from a national multi-center cohort study (Swiss Transplant Cohort Study; STCS) and the Swiss Organ Allocation System (SOAS). The primary outcome is the kidney graft survival (with death of recipient as competing risk); the secondary outcomes are the quality of life (patient-reported health status) at 12 months and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) slope. Organ donor, transplantation, and recipient-related clinical information will be used as predictors at the time of organ allocation. We will use a Fine & Gray subdistribution model and linear mixed-effects models for the primary and the two secondary outcomes, respectively. Model optimism, calibration, discrimination, and heterogeneity between transplant centres will be assessed using bootstrapping, internal-external cross-validation, and methods from meta-analysis. Discussion Thorough evaluation of the existing risk scores for the kidney graft survival or patient-reported outcomes has been lacking in the Swiss transplant setting. In order to be useful in clinical practice, a prognostic score needs to be valid, reliable, clinically relevant, and preferably integrated into the decision-making process to improve long-term patient outcomes and support informed decisions for clinicians and their patients. The state-of-the-art methodology by taking into account competing risks and variable selection using expert knowledge is applied to data from a nationwide prospective multi-center cohort study. Ideally, healthcare providers together with patients can predetermine the risk they are willing to accept from a deceased-donor kidney, with graft survival, quality of life, and graft function estimates available for their consideration. Study registration Open Science Framework ID: z6mvj
Background Primary retroperitoneal mucinous cystic tumours with borderline malignancy (PRMC-BM) are rare and difficult to diagnose preoperatively. We are the first to report two cases of PRMC-BM which mimic a duplex kidney and evaluate the outcomes of different surgical procedures. Case presentation We describe two cases of retroperitoneal cystic tumours. Both were diagnosed with duplex kidney with hydronephrosis on computed tomography scan. The first patient underwent robot-assisted laparoscopic surgery and was found to have a retroperitoneal cystic tumour. The other patient underwent an ultrasound-guided puncture before surgery and was diagnosed with retroperitoneal lymphangioma. Retroperitoneal cystectomy was performed using an open transperitoneal procedure. The final pathologic diagnosis in both cases implies PRMC-BM. The open surgical approach was associated with a shorter operation time, less intraoperative blood loss, and protected cyst wall integrity by comparing the different surgical approaches. During follow-up, the patient in the first case had tumour recurrence six months post-surgery, and the other patient was healthy without recurrence or metastasis 12 months post-surgery. Conclusions Primary retroperitoneal mucinous cystic tumours with borderline malignancy can be enclosed within the kidney and misdiagnosed as other cystic diseases of the urinary system. Thus, an open surgical approach may be more suitable for this type of tumour.
Streptococcus pneumoniae ( Spn ) is a major public health problem, as it is a main cause of otitis media, community-acquired pneumonia, bacteremia, sepsis, and meningitis. Acute episodes of pneumococcal disease have been demonstrated to cause organ damage with lingering negative consequences. Cytotoxic products released by the bacterium, biomechanical and physiological stress resulting from infection, and the corresponding inflammatory response together contribute to organ damage accrued during infection. The collective result of this damage can be acutely life-threatening, but among survivors, it also contributes to the long-lasting sequelae of pneumococcal disease. These include the development of new morbidities or exacerbation of pre-existing conditions such as COPD, heart disease, and neurological impairments. Currently, pneumonia is ranked as the 9^th leading cause of death, but this estimate only considers short-term mortality and likely underestimates the true long-term impact of disease. Herein, we review the data that indicates damage incurred during acute pneumococcal infection can result in long-term sequelae which reduces quality of life and life expectancy among pneumococcal disease survivors.
Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) has cancer-like pathophysiology. In this study, we aimed to investigate the phenotype of peripheral blood (PB) T cell subsets and immune checkpoint inhibitor expression of ADPKD patients across different chronic kidney disease (CKD) stages. Seventy-two patients with ADPKD and twenty-three healthy controls were included in the study. The patients were grouped into five different CKD stages, according to glomerular filtration rate (GFR). PB mononuclear cells were isolated and T cell subsets and cytokine production were examined by flow cytometry. CRP levels, height-adjusted total kidney volume (htTKV), rate of hypertension (HT) differed significantly across different GFR stages in ADPKD. T cell phenotyping revealed significantly elevated CD3+ T cells, CD4+, CD8+, double-negative, and double-positive subsets and significantly elevated IFN-γ and TNF-α producing subsets of CD4+, CD8+ cells. The expression of checkpoint inhibitors CTLA-4, PD-1, and TIGIT by T cell subsets was also increased to various extent. Additionally, Treg cell numbers and suppressive markers CTLA-4, PD-1, and TIGIT were significantly elevated in ADPKD patients’ PB. Treg CTLA4 expression and CD4CD8DP T cell frequency in patients with HT were significantly higher. Lastly, HT and increased htTKV and higher frequency of PD1+ CD8SP were found to be risk factors for rapid disease progression. Our data provide the first detailed analyses of checkpoint inhibitor expression by PB T cell subsets during stages of ADPKD, and that a higher frequency of PD1+ CD8SP cells is associated with rapid disease progression.
Background and aims The effect of body fat deposition on the kidney has received increasing attention. The Chinese visceral adiposity index (CVAI) is an important indicator of recent research. The purpose of this study was to explore the predictive value of CVAI and other organ obesity indicators in predicting CKD in Chinese residents. Methods A retrospective cross-sectional study of 5355 subjects was performed. First, the study utilized locally estimated scatterplot smoothing to describe the dose–response relationship between the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and CVAI. The L1-penalized least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression algorithm was used for covariation screening, and the correlation between CVAI and eGFR was quantified using multiple logistic regression. At the same time, the diagnostic efficiency of CVAI and other obesity indicators was evaluated by ROC curve analysis. Results CVAI and eGFR were negatively correlated. Using group one as the control, an odds ratio (OR) was calculated to quantify CVAI quartiles (ORs of Q2, Q3, and Q4 were 2.21, 2.99, and 4.42, respectively; P for trend < 0.001). CVAI had the maximum area under the ROC curve compared with other obesity indicators, especially in the female population (AUC: 0.74, 95% CI : 0.71–0.76). Conclusions CVAI is closely linked to renal function decline and has certain reference value for the screening of CKD patients, particularly in women.
Congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) result from disruptions in normal kidney and urinary tract development during fetal life and collectively represent the most common cause of kidney failure in children worldwide. The antenatal determinants of CAKUT are diverse and include mutations in genes responsible for normal nephrogenesis, alterations in maternal and fetal environments, and obstruction within the normal developing urinary tract. The resultant clinical phenotypes are complex and depend on the timing of the insult, the penetrance of underlying gene mutations, and the severity and timing of obstruction related to the sequence of normal kidney development. Consequently, there is a broad spectrum of outcomes for children born with CAKUT. In this review, we explore the most common forms of CAKUT and those most likely to develop long-term complications of their associated kidney malformations. We discuss the relevant outcomes for the different forms of CAKUT and what is known about clinical characteristics across the CAKUT spectrum that are risk factors of long-term kidney injury and disease progression.
Background The harmful effect of diabetes mellitus (DM) on mortality in patients with heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) remains controversial. Furthermore, it seems that no consistent conclusion on whether chronic kidney disease (CKD) modifies the relationship of DM and poor prognosis in patients with HFrEF. Methods We analyzed the individuals with HFrEF from the Cardiorenal ImprovemeNt (CIN) cohort between January 2007 and December 2018. The primary endpoint was all-cause mortality. The patients were divided into four groups (control vs. DM alone vs. CKD alone vs. DM and CKD). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis was conducted to examine the association among DM, CKD and all-cause mortality. Results There were 3,273 patients included in this study (mean age: 62.7 ± 10.9 years, 20.4% were female). During a median follow-up of 5.0 years (interquartile range: 3.0–7.6 years), 740 (22.6%) patients died. Patients with DM have a higher risk of all-cause mortality (HR [95% confidence interval (CI)]:1.28[1.07–1.53]) than those without DM. In patients with CKD, DM had a 61% (HR [95% CI]:1.61[1.26–2.06]) increased adjusted risk of death relative to non-DM, while in patients with non-CKD, there was no significantly difference in risk of all-cause mortality (HR [95% CI]:1.01[0.77–1.32]) between DM and non-DM (p for interaction = 0.013). Conclusions Diabetes is a potent risk factor for mortality in patients with HFrEF. Furthermore, DM had a substantially different effect on all-cause mortality depending on CKD. The association between DM and all-cause mortality was only observed in patients with CKD.
Background Severity of acute kidney injury (AKI) confers higher odds of mortality. Timely recognition and early initiation of preventive measures may help mitigate the injury further. Novel biomarkers may aid in the early detection of AKI. The utility of these biomarkers across various clinical settings in children has not been evaluated systematically. Objective To synthesize the currently available evidence on different novel biomarkers for the early diagnosis of AKI in pediatric patients. Data sources We searched four electronic databases (PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and Cochrane Library) for studies published between 2004 and May 2022. Study eligibility criteria Cohort and cross-sectional studies evaluating the diagnostic performance of biomarkers in predicting AKI in children were included. Participants and interventions Participants in the study included children (aged less than 18 years) at risk of AKI. Study appraisal and synthesis methods We used the QUADAS-2 tool for the quality assessment of the included studies. The area under the receiver operating characteristics (AUROC) was meta-analyzed using the random-effect inverse-variance method. Pooled sensitivity and specificity were generated using the hierarchical summary receiver operating characteristic (HSROC) model. Results We included 92 studies evaluating 13,097 participants. Urinary NGAL and serum cystatin C were the two most studied biomarkers, with summary AUROC of 0.82 (0.77–0.86) and 0.80 (0.76–0.85), respectively. Among others, urine TIMP-2*IGFBP7, L-FABP, and IL-18 showed fair to good predicting ability for AKI. We observed good diagnostic performance for predicting severe AKI by urine L-FABP, NGAL, and serum cystatin C. Limitations Limitations were significant heterogeneity and lack of well-defined cutoff value for various biomarkers. Conclusions and implications of key findings Urine NGAL, L-FABP, TIMP-2*IGFBP7, and cystatin C showed satisfactory diagnostic accuracy in the early prediction of AKI. To further improve the performance of biomarkers, they need to be integrated with other risk stratification models. Systematic review registration PROSPERO (CRD42021222698). Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as “ Supplementary information "
Background The coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 disease (COVID-19) pandemic affected lifestyles and resulted in significant weight gain in the general population. Its impact on children after kidney transplantation (KTx) is unknown. Methods We retrospectively evaluated body mass index (BMI) z -scores during the COVID-19 pandemic in 132 pediatric KTx patients, followed-up at three German hospitals. Among those, serial blood pressure measurements were available for 104 patients. Lipid measurements were available from 74 patients. Patients were categorized according to gender and age group, i.e., children versus adolescents. Data were analyzed by a linear mixed model approach. Results Before the COVID-19 pandemic, female adolescents presented with higher mean BMI z -scores compared to male adolescents (difference: − 1.05, 95% CI − 1.86 to − 0.24, p  = 0.004). No other significant differences could be observed among the other groups. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the mean BMI z -score increased in adolescents (difference: male, 0.23, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.28; female 0.21, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.29, each p  < 0.001), but not in children. The BMI z -score was associated with adolescent age, and with the combination of adolescent age, female gender, and the duration of the pandemic (each p  < 0.05). During the COVID-19 pandemic, the mean systolic blood pressure z -score significantly increased in female adolescents (difference: 0.47, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.49). Conclusions During the COVID-19 pandemic, adolescents in particular showed a significant increase in their BMI z -score after KTx. Additionally, an increase in systolic blood pressure was associated with female adolescents. The findings suggest additional cardiovascular risks in this cohort. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background This cross-sectional study investigates the association of fibroblast growth-factor 23 (FGF23) and other bone mineral parameters with iron status and anemia in pediatric chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods Serum calcium, phosphorus, 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), intact parathormone, c-terminal FGF23, a-Klotho, iron (Fe), ferritin, unsaturated iron-binding capacity, and hemoglobin (Hb) were measured in 53 patients from 5 to 19 years old with GFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Transferrin saturation (TSAT) was calculated. Results Absolute (ferritin ≤ 100 ng/mL, TSAT ≤ 20%) and functional iron deficiency (ferritin > 100 ng/mL, TSAT ≤ 20%) were observed in 32% and 7.5% of patients, respectively. In CKD stages 3–4 (36 patients), lnFGF23 and 25(OH)D were correlated with Fe (rs =  − 0.418, p  = 0.012 and rs = 0.467, p  = 0.005) and TSAT (rs =  − 0.357, p  = 0.035 and rs = 0.487, p  = 0.003) but not to ferritin. In this patient group, lnFGF23 and 25(OH)D were correlated with Hb z -score (rs =  − 0.649, p  < 0.001 and rs = 0.358, p  = 0.035). No correlation was detected between lnKlotho and iron parameters. In CKD stages 3–4, in multivariate backward logistic regression analysis, including bone mineral parameters, CKD stage, patient age, and daily alphacalcidol dose as covariates, lnFGF23 and 25(OH)D were associated with low TSΑΤ (15 patients) (OR 6.348, 95% CI 1.106–36.419, and OR 0.619, 95% CI 0.429–0.894, respectively); lnFGF23 was associated with low Hb (10 patients) (OR 5.747, 95% CI 1.270–26.005); while the association between 25(OH)D and low Hb did not reach statistical significance (OR 0.818, 95% CI 0.637–1.050). Conclusions In pediatric CKD stages 3–4, iron deficiency and anemia are associated with increased FGF23, independently of Klotho. Vitamin D deficiency might contribute to iron deficiency in this population. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Recently, a tool based on two different artificial neural networks has been developed. The first network predicts kidney failure (KF) development while the second predicts the time frame to reach this outcome. In this study, we conducted a post-hoc analysis to evaluate the discordant results obtained by the tool. Methods The tool performance was analyzed in a retrospective cohort of 1116 adult IgAN patients, as were the causes of discordance between the predicted and observed cases of KF. Results There was discordance between the predicted and observed KF in 216 IgAN patients (19.35%) all of whom were elderly, hypertensive, had high serum creatinine levels, reduced renal function and moderate or severe renal lesions. Many of these patients did not receive therapy or were non-responders to therapy. In other IgAN patients the tool predicted KF but the outcome was not reached because patients responded to therapy. Therefore, in the discordant group (prediction did not match the observed outcome) the proportion of patients having or not having KF was strongly associated with treatment ( P <  0.0001). Conclusions The post-hoc analysis shows that discordance in a low number of patients is not an error, but rather the effect of positive response to therapy. Thus, the tool could both help physicians to determine the prognosis of the disease and help patients to plan for their future. Graphical Abstract 
Healthcare is the most important need of today’s era. Healthcare refers to the improvement of the human health by preventing, curing, diagnosing, recovering from a health hazard caused. Thus, to improve the health condition of a human system technology, such as machine learning, deep learning and artificial intelligence has come into play. The combination of artificial technology with the health sector has made a huge impact and success on the world. Curing millions of diseases, analysis of various infections, providing accurate test results and high-level maintenance check are now all possible with the evolution of technology. Every part of human body can now be diagnosed and analyze to study all kinds of tissues, blood vessels, organs, cells for improvement of health and curing of diseases. Research sector has been working with a continuous pace to accomplish various studies to identify different body organs and have a descriptive study for the identification of proper working mechanism of the human body. One such study has also shown a huge progress in the recent times, the identification of glomeruli in human kidney tissue. The tiny ball like structured which is composed of blood vessels that has an actively participation in the filtration of the blood to form urine. Thus, the paper presents a deep learning-based model formed for the identification of these glomeruli present in the human kidney. After implementing, the proposed model obtained an accuracy of 99.68% with a dice coefficient of 0.9060.
Background The epidemiology of renal impairment in patients with cancer remains unclear. We aimed to clarify associations between various cancer sites and renal impairment. Methods We reviewed data from 5674 patients aged ≥ 18 years receiving cancer treatment at a single hospital facility. The primary endpoints were the occurrence of acute kidney injury (AKI), a 30% decrease in the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), or death. Survival time was defined as the time from study enrolment to AKI occurrence. Kaplan–Meier and Cox proportional hazard analyses were performed. Results Hazard ratios (HRs) for AKI occurrence and a ≥ 30% decline in eGFR were significantly higher for kidney, urinary tract, pancreatic, liver, and gallbladder cancers than for colon cancer. Compared with colon cancer, digestive tract cancer showed a significantly higher HR for AKI occurrence alone. The HRs for a ≥ 30% decline in eGFR were significantly higher for patients aged 71‒77 years or ≥ 78 years than for those aged < 68 years, and for patients with eGFR ≥ 90 mL/min/1.73 m^2 or 30–44 mL/min/1.73 m^2 than for those with eGFR = 45‒59 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Conclusions Kidney, urinary, hepatobiliary, or pancreatic cancer are associated with a higher risk of AKI development and eGFR decrease than other cancers. Renal function changes should be more closely monitored in patients with these cancers.
Background We sought to use deep learning to extract anatomic features from postnatal kidney ultrasounds and evaluate their performance in predicting the risk and timing of chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression for boys with posterior urethral valves (PUV). We hypothesized that these features would predict CKD progression better than clinical characteristics such as nadir creatinine alone. Methods We performed a retrospective cohort study of boys with PUV treated at two pediatric health systems from 1990 to 2021. Features of kidneys were extracted from initial postnatal kidney ultrasound images using a deep learning model. Three time-to-event prediction models were built using random survival forests. The Imaging Model included deep learning imaging features, the Clinical Model included clinical data, and the Ensemble Model combined imaging features and clinical data. Separate models were built to include time-dependent clinical data that were available at 6 months, 1 year, 3 years, and 5 years. Results Two-hundred and twenty-five patients were included in the analysis. All models performed well with C-indices of 0.7 or greater. The Clinical Model outperformed the Imaging Model at all time points with nadir creatinine driving the performance of the Clinical Model. Combining the 6-month Imaging Model (C-index 0.7; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.6, 0.79) with the 6-month Clinical Model (C-index 0.79; 95% CI 0.71, 0.86) resulted in a 6-month Ensemble Model that performed better (C-index 0.82; 95% CI 0.77, 0.88) than either model alone. Conclusions Deep learning imaging features extracted from initial postnatal kidney ultrasounds may improve early prediction of CKD progression among children with PUV. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Oligomeganephronia (OMN) is a rare congenital anomaly involving the kidney and urinary tract, characterized by decreased number and compensatory hypertrophy of the nephron. It is caused by abnormal kidney development during the embryonic period, especially in patients with low birth weight; however, the actual etiology and clinical features remain unknown. We aim to reveal the clinical and pathological characteristics, treatment, and outcome. Methods Ten patients diagnosed with OMN between 2013 and 2020 were retrospectively investigated. The data were presented as the median ± interquartile range, and statistical significance was set at p  < 0.05. Results The age at diagnosis was 14.1 years, the male-to-female ratio was 6:4, and only four cases were born with low birth weight. The estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was 62.2 mL/min/1.73 m^2. The glomerulus diameter of OMN patients was significantly larger (217 vs. 154 µm, p  < 0.001) in OMN patients, and the number of glomeruli of OMN patients was lower (0.89 vs. 2.05/mm^2, p  < 0.001) than the control group. Eight of the ten cases were identified by urinary screening. Nine patients were treated with renin–angiotensin system (RAS) inhibitors, following which proteinuria successfully decreased or disappeared. Their median eGFR was also stable, 53.3 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Conclusions As few symptoms can lead to OMN discovery, most patients were found during urine screening at school. Kidney dysfunction was observed in all patients at the time of kidney biopsy. Proteinuria has been significantly reduced and the decline rate of eGFR might be improved by RAS inhibitors. Graphical abstract "A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information "
Aims The overall effects of sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors in patients with advanced chronic kidney disease (CKD) (estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), 15–30 ml/min per 1.73 m^2) remain unclear, and we thus conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the effects of SGLT2 inhibitors on kidney, cardiovascular (CV), and safety outcomes in patients with advanced CKD. Methods The Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library databases were systematically searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published up to March 3, 2022, and reporting effects of SGLT2 inhibitors on kidney, CV, or safety outcomes in patients with advanced CKD. Results From 2675 records, six RCTs with 2167 participants were included in the quantitative analyses. In patients with advanced CKD, SGLT2 inhibitors reduced the risk of the primary kidney outcome (a composite of worsening kidney function, end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), or kidney death) by 23% (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.61–0.98, p  = 0.04, I ^2 = 0 for the heterogeneity) and slowed the annual decline in eGFR slope, with the difference between SGLT2 inhibitor group and placebo group being 1.24 mL/min/1.73m^2 per year (95% CI 0.06–2.42, p  = 0.04). SGLT2 inhibitors were also associated with a decreased risk of primary CV outcome (a composite of CV death or hospitalization for heart failure) (HR 0.71, 95% CI 0.53–0.96, p  = 0.03, I ^2 = 0 for the heterogeneity) and with similar risks of adverse events (such as acute kidney injury, fracture, amputation, and urinary tract infection). Conclusions Among patients with advanced CKD, SGLT2 inhibitors reduced the risks of primary kidney and CV outcomes and attenuated the progressive decrease in eGFR compared with placebo, with no evidence of additional safety concerns. These observed benefits may support continuing the use of SGLT2 inhibitors in patients with advanced CKD before initiating maintenance dialysis or kidney transplantation. Future large-scale RCTs are needed to confirm the robustness of these results.
Introduction Patients with end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) on dialysis have a special profile, including constant uremic status and frequent comorbidities, such as diabetes mellitus, arterial hypertension and coronary artery disease, as well as complications related to dialysis. All listed factors can influence or be the cause of sexual dysfunction in both men and women. There is a high incidence (70%) and prevalence (82%) of erectile dysfunction in men with CKD. Purpose In this meta-analysis, we aimed to evaluate the impact of renal transplantation in patients with end-stage chronic kidney disease and erectile dysfunction, using the same study population before and after transplantation. Data sources: we searched MEDLINE (PubMed ), Embase, Scopus and Cochrane Library (Inception to August 2022) and clinicaltrials.gov (Inception to August 2022) without language restrictions. Study selection : eligible studies evaluated the same patients with end-stage kidney disease before and after renal transplantation using IEEF questionnaire. Data extraction: reviewers working independently and in duplicate extracted data and assessed the risk of bias. Data synthesis: the final analysis included 28 cohort studies, comprising 2252 participants. Results Our results showed improvement in erectile function after renal transplantation. Our study shows a 13% improvement in erectile dysfunction after renal transplantation. Conclusions The results of this meta-analysis would suggest improvement in erectile dysfunction after renal transplantation.
Evidence suggests that atrial fibrillation (AF) could increase the risk of worsening kidney function (WKF) which is linked to an increased risk of stroke, bleeding, and death in AF patients. However, limited data exist regarding the factors that could lead to WKF in these patients. Therefore, we sought to identify the potential factors associated with the development of WKF in patients with non-valvular AF (NVAF). We analyzed prospectively recruited 1122 NVAF patients [men 71.9%, median age 73.0 years (interquartile range: 66.0–79.0)] with a baseline estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) ≥ 15 mL/min/1.73 m^2 from the Hokuriku-Plus AF Registry. The primary outcome was incident WKF, defined as the %eGFR change from the baseline ≥ 30% during the follow-up period. We evaluated the association between baseline variables and incident WKF using univariate and multivariate Cox proportional hazard models. We also evaluated the non-linear association between the identified factors and incident WKF. During a median follow-up period of 3.0 years (interquartile range: 2.7–3.3), incident WKF was observed in 108 patients (32.6 per 1000 person-years). Compared to the patients without incident WKF, the patients with incident WKF were older and had a higher prevalence of heart failure (HF), diabetes mellitus (DM), and vascular disease at baseline. Those who experienced incident WKF also had higher diastolic blood pressure, lower hemoglobin, lower eGFR, higher B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and used warfarin more frequently. Upon multivariate analysis, age ≥ 75 years, HF, DM, and anemia were independently associated with incident WKF. Additionally, age and hemoglobin were linearly associated with the risk of incident WKF, whereas a J- or U-shaped association was observed for HbA1c and BNP. Age ≥ 75 years, HF, DM, and anemia were associated with the development of WKF in Japanese patients with NVAF. In patients with these risk factors, a careful monitoring of the kidney function and appropriate interventions may be important when possible.
Purpose of review Due to the growing need for organs to be transplanted, methods for expanding organ utilization must be explored. While effective in cost and outcomes for optimal donor organs, traditional static cold storage (SCS) is less suitable for use in marginal organ transplants, where hypothermic machine perfusion has several attractive advantages. This systematic review aims to summarize the literature regarding outcomes for transplanting extended criteria donor kidneys preserved by machine perfusion. Recent findings A systematic literature search of PubMed and the ClinicalTrials.gov registry was performed. eGFR, serum creatinine, delayed graft function rate, length of stay and graft, and patient survival rate were demonstrated. Sixteen articles that assessed kidney function and patient outcomes after using hypothermic machine perfusion as part of organ revitalization were included. Regarding DGF, HMP showed a significantly lower DGF rate compared to SCS (P < 0.0001). Two studies found a significantly lower hospital stay in the HMP group. eGFR was comparable between the HMP and SCS groups. One-year allograft survival was meaningfully higher in the HMP group (P = 0.04). One-year patient survival was comparable between the two groups. Summary Our systematic review summarized the literature regarding outcomes for transplant of extended criteria and marginal kidneys preserved by hypothermic machine perfusion and possible comparison with the traditional static cold storage method, with particular emphasis on patients’ outcomes. Hypothermic machine perfusion can improve some aspects of the transplant outcomes in extended criteria donor kidneys.
Purpose Mid-ureteric strictures (MUS) are a rare cause of congenital urinary tract obstruction. Preoperative differentiation from pelvi-ureteric (PUJ) or vesico-ureteric junction (VUJ) obstruction is challenging. We present our experience with MUS treated laparoscopically. Methods A retrospective review of a single-surgeon’s 14-year (2008–2022) laparoscopic experience for upper tract obstruction was undertaken. Patient demographics, renal biochemistry, preoperative US and Tc99m-MAG3, operative details, retrograde pyelogram and outcomes were noted. Results Three of 210 patients had MUS. Two manifested antenatal hydronephrosis whilst the third presented symptomatically at 12 years of age. Median follow-up was 18 months (range: 15–21 months). A transperitoneal laparoscopic approach permitted identification and resection of the narrowed mid-ureteric segment. Primary end-to-end oblique ureteroureterostomy was performed over a JJ stent following spatulation of the ureteric ends. One infant had bilateral MUS in a horseshoe kidney associated with unilateral distal ureteral hypoplasia needing serial upsizing of ureteral stents. Postoperatively, all patients were asymptomatic with significantly improved drainage on dynamic renography. Conclusion We recommend initial on-table RGP to differentiate MUS from obstruction at either the VUJ or PUJ level. The RGP also depicts the quality of the distal ureter. Laparoscopy confirms the diagnosis and permits construction of the dismembered ureteroureterostomy.
Background Incremental peritoneal dialysis (incPD) as the initial PD strategy represents a convenient and resource-sparing approach, but its impact on patient, healthcare and environment has not been thoroughly evaluated. Methods This study includes 147 patients who started incPD at our institution between 1st January, 2009 and 31st December, 2021. Adequacy measures, peritoneal permeability parameters, peritonitis episodes, hospitalizations and increase in CAPD dose prescriptions were recorded. The savings related to cost, patient glucose exposure, time needed to perform dialysis, plastic waste, and water usage were compared to full-dose PD treatment. Results During the study follow-up 11.9% of the patients transitioned from incremental to full dose PD. Patient cumulative probability of remaining on PD at 12, 24, 36, 48 and 60 months was 87.6, 65.4, 46.1, 30.1 and 17.5%, respectively. The median transition time from 1 to 2 exchanges, from 2 to 3 and 3 to 4 exchanges were 5, 9 and 11.8 months, respectively. Compared to full dose PD, 1, 2, and 3 exchanges per day led to reduction in glucose exposure of 20.4, 14.8 or 8.3 kg/patient-year, free lifetime gain of 18.1, 13.1 or 7.4 day/patient-year, a decrease in cost of 8700, 6300 or 3540 €/patient-year, a reduction in plastic waste of 139.2, 100.8 or 56.6 kg/patient-year, and a decline in water use of 25,056, 18,144 or 10,196 L/patient-year. Conclusions In comparison with full-dose PD , incPD allows to reduce the time spent for managing dialysis, glucose exposure, economic cost, plastic waste, and water consumption. Graphical abstract 
Background Children with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are at risk for cognitive dysfunction. The aim of this study was to investigate associations between executive functions (EF), anemia, and iron deficiency. Methods A total of 688 children > 6 years of age enrolled in the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children (CKiD) study who underwent evaluation for EF were included. Hemoglobin (Hgb) was characterized as low (1^st–5^th percentile) or very low (< 1^st percentile) compared to normative values for age, sex, and race irrespective of erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) usage. Longitudinal analysis was conducted using consecutive visit pairs, with anemia status defined as new onset, resolved, or persistent. Linear mixed models with random intercept were used and adjusted for key covariates. Results Anemia was present in 41% of children, and median Hgb was 11.8 gm/dl. New onset anemia was associated with lower digit span total score (− 0.75, 95% CI  − 1.36, − 0.15, p  = 0.01). Persistent anemia was associated with lower scores on color-word inhibition/switching (β =  − 0.98; 95% CI  − 1.78, − 0.18, p  = 0.02). Errors of omission were significantly higher (worse) in those with persistent anemia (β = 2.67, 95% CI 0.18, 5.17, p  = 0.04). Very low Hgb levels were significantly associated with lower color-word inhibition/switching scores (β =  − 1.33, 95% CI  − 2.16, − 0.51; p  = 0.002). Anemia and low GFR were associated with lower category fluency scores compared to non-anemic subjects with higher GFR (β =  − 1.09, 95% CI  − 2.09, − 0.10, p  = 0.03). Conclusions The presence of anemia, in addition to its severity and duration in children with CKD, is associated with poorer scores on select measures of EF. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) affects infected patients even after the acute phase and impairs their health and quality of life by causing a wide variety of symptoms, referred to as long COVID. Although the evidence is still insufficient, hypertension is suspected to be a potential risk factor for long COVID, and the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases seems to be a key facet of multiple conditions observed in long COVID. Nonetheless, there are few reports that comprehensively review the impacts of long COVID on hypertension and related disorders. As a sequel to our previous report in 2020 which reviewed the association of COVID-19 and hypertension, we summarize the possible influences of long COVID on hypertension-related organs, including the cardiovascular system, kidney, and endocrine system, as well as the pathophysiological mechanisms associated with the disorders in this review. Given that the clinical course of COVID-19 is highly affected by age and sex, we also review the impacts of these factors on long COVID. Lastly, we discuss areas of uncertainty and future directions, which may lead to better understanding and improved prognosis of clinical problems associated with COVID-19.
For the first time, the associations between urinary concentrations of oxidant polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites and serum concentrations of anti-oxidant α-klotho were estimated for US adults aged 40–79 years. Multivariate regression models with α-klotho as dependent variable and one of the urinary metabolite of PAH as independent variables were fitted. In the absence of albuminuria and normal (eGFR > 90 mL/min/1.73 m^2) kidney function, 10% increases in concentrations of 2-hydroxynaphthalene, 9-hydroxyfluorene, and ∑PAH were associated with 0.25%, 0.32%, and 0.19% decreases in serum α-klotho concentrations. In the absence of albuminuria and near normal (60 <  = eGFR < 90 mL/min/1.73 m^2) kidney function, 10% increases in concentrations of 1-hydroxynaphthalene, 9-hydroxyfluorene, 1-hydroxyphenanthrene, and ∑PAH were associated with 0.17%, 0.38%, 0.34%, and 0.18% decreases in serum α-klotho concentrations. To what degree, these mild decreases in α-klotho are a matter of concern, is a subject ripe for discussion and additional investigations. When kidney function was normal or near normal but albuminuria was present, the associations between α-klotho and different metabolites of PAH were, more or less, randomly positive or negative and none reached statistical significance. To conclude, exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons may result in reduced concentrations of α-klotho, an antiaging protein.
Purpose of Review Preventing kidney injury is a crucial part of caring for patients with spina bifida (SB). The purpose of our review is to evaluate and present the current literature on assessing kidney function in patients with SB. Recent Findings Significant variability exists in how kidney abnormality is defined in the literature on patients with SB. Numerous centers of excellence in SB care within the National Spina Bifida Patient Registry lack concordance on kidney function surveillance strategies. Although there are various recently updated guidelines on the management of patients with SB, there is a lack of consensus on the best way to evaluate kidney function in these patients. Most guidelines that recommend specific surveillance strategies have not been empirically validated with high-quality research and instead are frequently based on a small amount of evidence. The Urologic Management to Preserve Initial Renal Function (UMPIRE) protocol for Young Children with Spina Bifida is a large quality improvement protocol currently following a cohort of newborns with SB at nine US centers. This prospective multicenter trial is currently ongoing and will guide future management strategies for patients with SB. Summary Given the lack of high-quality effectiveness evidence and inconsistent guidelines, we recommend aggressive kidney surveillance with routine imaging and laboratory-based testing, ideally with both serum Cr and cystatin-C. Moreover, DMSA and GFR plasma clearance tests are powerful tools to further assess kidney function. Future research validating novel biomarkers and imaging markers in patients with SB is important to ensure accuracy in this patient population.
In Ctenopharyngodon idellus , the ameliorative influence of rutin-containing leaf extract of B oerhavia diffusa was assessed against chronic exposure to hexavalent chromium. For this, alterations in chromium accumulation, oxidative stress, kidney function markers, histopathology (light and transmission electron microscopy), and transcriptional profiling (Nrf2 and MT2) were examined. RP-HPLC analysis confirmed the presence of rutin (90.45 ± 0.98 mg/g) in the ethanolic leaf extract of the plant. LD_50 of the extract to the fish was beyond 5000 mg/kg b.w. The fish was subjected to a sublethal concentration of hexavalent chromium (5.30 mg/L) accompanied by a dose of 250 mg/kg b.w./day of extract in the diet for the experimental duration of 45 days. The extract alone did not generate any adverse consequences in the nephric tissue. Chronic exposure to hexavalent chromium damaged tissue irreparably, demonstrated by elevated levels of kidney function markers (blood urea nitrogen and creatinine) and altered histoarchitecture (DTC value of 78.02 ± 10.5). The metal exposure increased chromium accumulation and malondialdehyde (MDA) and decreased the reduced glutathione (GSH) levels, the activity of antioxidant enzymes (superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione-S-transferase) and gene expression in the tissue. The co-supplementation of leaf extract with metal exposure revealed a tissue architecture with normal to slight modifications, and the level of kidney markers, antioxidants, and genes expressed in a normalized range. Principal component analysis created two components with antioxidants (GSH, SOD, CAT, and GST) revealing a negative correlation with the second component comprising MDA, DTC, and chromium concentration. It can be concluded that B. diffusa leaves are safe additives in the fish diet and possess an ameliorative capacity for renal injury incurred by hexavalent chromium.
Purpose To investigate whether BP is related to postbiopsy bleeding in patients undergoing native percutaneous kidney biopsy (PKB) and to evaluate the dynamic changes in blood pressure (BP) pre- and post-kidney biopsy. Methods A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted. The whole-procedural systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) BP for patients undergoing ultrasound-guided native PKB from October 2017 to December 2020 were recorded in the study. Propensity score matching was used to minimize selection bias. SBP and DBP were analyzed as the main risk factors for bleeding complications. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were employed to explore the optimal BP thresholds to differentiate between bleeding and nonbleeding. The rates of major bleeding complications were analyzed according to BP thresholds through logistic analysis. Results Of 1146 biopsies, 432 (37.7%) patients suffered from postbiopsy bleeding, 88 (7.7%) patients had major bleeding complications, and 344 (30.0%) patients had minor bleeding complications. In the original data, for patients with SBP ≥ 160 mmHg before PKB, the rate of major bleeding complications was 17.6% (7.5% for SBP < 160 mmHg), and the rate of major bleeding complications was 19.0% in patients with DBP ≥ 100 mmHg (7.5% for DBP < 100 mmHg). For patients with DBP ≥ 85 mmHg to 100 mmHg after PKB, the rate of major bleeding complications ranged from 9.5 to 17.5%. The rate of major bleeding complications was lower (6.6–7.3%) in patients with DBP < 100 mmHg to 85 mmHg. Conclusion Patients who have high-level BP during the native PKB perioperative period are at higher risk for postbiopsy bleeding. High-level BP here does not refer to traditional hypertension according to the guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of hypertension, but rather BP above a certain threshold related to bleeding risk. Graphical abstract 
Survival after solid-organ transplantation has improved significantly, and many contemporary transplant recipients are of childbearing potential. There are limited data to guide decision-making surrounding pregnancy after transplantation, variations in clinical practice, and significant knowledge gaps, all of which raise significant ethical issues. Post-transplant pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications. Shared decision-making is a central aspect of patient counselling but is complicated by significant knowledge gaps. Stakeholder interests can be in conflict; exploring these tensions can help patients to evaluate their options and inform their deliberations. We argue that uniform, evidence-based recommendations for pregnancy after solid organ transplantation are needed. Conducting research, including patient-engaged studies, in this area should be priority for the transplant community.
Purpose Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a frequent complication among COVID-19 patients in the intensive care unit, but it is less frequently investigated in general internal medicine wards. We aimed to examine the incidence, the predictors of AKI, and AKI-associated mortality in a prospective cohort of non-ventilated COVID-19 patients. We aimed to describe the natural history of AKI by describing trajectories of urinary markers of hemodynamic, glomerular, and tubular injury. Methods 141 COVID-19 patients were enrolled to the study. AKI was defined according to KDIGO guidelines. Urine and renal function parameters were followed twice a week. Multivariate logistic regression was used to determine the predictors of AKI and mortality. Trajectories of urinary markers were described by unadjusted linear mixed models. Results 19.7% patients developed AKI. According to multiple logistic regression, higher urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (OR 1.48, 95% CI 1.04–2.12/1 mg/mmol) and lower serum albumin (OR 0.86, 95% CI 0.77–0.94/1 g/L) were independent predictors of AKI. Mortality was 42.8% in the AKI and 8.8% in the group free from AKI ( p  < 0.0001). According to multiple logistic regression, older age, lower albumin, and AKI (OR 3.9, 95% CI 1.24–12.21) remained independent predictors of mortality. Urinary protein-to-creatinine trajectories were diverging with decreasing values in those without incident AKI. Conclusion We found high incidence of AKI and mortality among moderately severe, non-ventilated COVID-19 patients. Its development is predicted by higher albuminuria suggesting that the originally damaged renal structure may be more susceptible for virus-associated effects. No clear relationship was found with a prerenal mechanism, and the higher proteinuria during follow-up may point toward tubular damage.
Background Preterm birth has been identified as a risk factor for development of long-term chronic kidney disease. Podocyte loss has been reported to contribute to this process in preterm animal models. However, details about podocyte loss in preterm infants and related perinatal risk factors have not been well clarified. Methods Forty full-term infants and 106 preterm infants were enrolled. Urine samples were collected from full-term infants within 4–7 days of birth and preterm infants at 37–40 weeks of corrected age. Levels of urine podocin mRNA, urine protein (UP), and urine microalbumin (UMA) were measured, and the relationship between these markers was evaluated. Clinical information in these infants was collected, and potential correlates that may lead to increased podocyte loss during the perinatal period were identified using linear regression analysis. Results Urine podocyte loss indicated by the urine podocin mRNA to creatinine ratio (UpodCR) was higher in preterm infants than in full-term infants. UpodCR was correlated with the levels of UP and UMA. Multiple linear regression analysis also showed that lower gestational age (GA) at birth and small for gestational age (SGA) were high risk factors for urine podocyte loss. Conclusions Increasing urine podocyte loss was identified in preterm infants. Moreover, perinatal factors were associated with podocyte loss and may be a potential direction for comprehensive research and intervention in this field. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose To assess the contemporary in-hospital management of octogenarians and nonagenarians with renal calculi. Material and Methods A multicentric retrospective evaluation of patients aged ≥ 80 years hospitalized with kidney stones between 01/2000 and 12/2019. Stone and patient related data were collected, including stone size and location, geriatric status and comorbidities. Surgical treatment patterns and outcome were assessed. Results A total of 299 patients (57% female) with kidney stones were analyzed. Mean age was 84.7 years. Patients were largely multimorbid (ASA ≥ 3 in 70%) and about 25% were classified as frail. Active stone treatment was performed in 65% and 35% were treated with urinary diversion (stent or nephrostomy). Prognostic factors for receiving an active stone treatment were age < 90 years, male sex, stone size and quantity, and performance status. Mean overall survival was 23.7 months and when stratified to treatment mean survival were 21 months after urinary diversion, 28 months after URS, 29 months after PCNL and 45 months after SWL. Conclusion Age, frailty and performance-status as well as stone size and quantity are predictors for active stone treatment. Octogenarians and nonagenarians, who are considered fit for surgery, tend to live long enough to profit from active stone treatment.
The native tomato genotypes of Mexico are characterized by their good organoleptic properties and by a greater amount of active compounds than other tomato genotypes; however, they present a short shelf life. Therefore, in this research, copper nanoparticles were applied (Cu-NPs) in chitosan-polyvinyl alcohol (Cs-PVA) hydrogels in a native kidney-shape tomato genotype produced under greenhouse conditions and its effect on the postharvest behavior of the physicochemical components and bioactive compounds of the fruits was evaluated. The treatments applied to the substrate of the plants were 0, 0.57, 1 and 2 mg of Cu-NPs g^−1 of Cs-PVA per plant, the effects of these treatments were compared to a control. The results showed that the application of Cu-NPs in Cs-PVA increases the concentrations of the bioactive compounds. Lycopene and β-carotene and the contents of the total phenols and flavonoids were 99.68 mg 100 g^−1 DW, 24.60 mg 100 g^−1 DW, 4.12 mg GAE g^−1 DW, and 8.27 mg QE g^−1 DW, respectively. The antioxidant activity was 24.33 µM Trolox g^−1 DW, and all of these values were higher than those of the control. The fruits treated with 0.57 and 1 mg of Cu-NPs g^−1 of Cs-PVA exhibited an increased total soluble solids and reduced weight loss of up to 50% less compared to that of the control. These results suggest that the application of Cu-NPs in Cs-PVA can be used to maintain physicochemical quality and increase the contents of bioactive compounds in native kidney-shape tomato fruits and thus prolong the storage period.
Background The heterogeneity of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) complicated with renal diseases has not been fully understood in clinical practice. The purpose of the study was to propose potential predictive factors to identify diabetic kidney disease (DKD), nondiabetic kidney disease (NDKD), and DKD superimposed on NDKD (DKD + NDKD) in T2DM patients noninvasively and accurately. Methods Two hundred forty-one eligible patients confirmed by renal biopsy were enrolled in this retrospective, analytical study. The features composed of clinical and biochemical data prior to renal biopsy were extracted from patients’ electronic medical records. Machine learning algorithms were used to distinguish among different kidney diseases pairwise. Feature variables selected in the developed model were evaluated. Results Logistic regression model achieved an accuracy of 0.8306 ± 0.0057 for DKD and NDKD classification. Hematocrit, diabetic retinopathy (DR), hematuria, platelet distribution width and history of hypertension were identified as important risk factors. Then SVM model allowed us to differentiate NDKD from DKD + NDKD with accuracy 0.8686 ± 0.052 where hematuria, diabetes duration, international normalized ratio (INR), D-Dimer, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were the top risk factors. Finally, the logistic regression model indicated that dd -dimer, hematuria, INR, systolic pressure, DR were likely to be predictive factors to identify DKD with DKD + NDKD. Conclusion Predictive factors were successfully identified among different renal diseases in type 2 diabetes patients via machine learning methods. More attention should be paid on the coagulation factors in the DKD + NDKD patients, which might indicate a hypercoagulable state and an increased risk of thrombosis.
Objective Bone marrow mesenchymal stem cell (BMSC)-derived extracellular vesicles (EVs) have been demonstrated as a potential therapeutic agent in acute kidney injury (AKI). However, little is known about the mechanisms of action of BMSC-derived EVs in AKI. Based on this, our research was designed to investigate the mechanism behind BMSC-derived EVs controlling inflammation and pyroptosis during AKI. Methods Peripheral blood from AKI patients was used for detection of microRNA (miR)-223-3p, HDAC2, and SNRK expression. An AKI rat model was established, and HK-2 cell injury was induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) to establish a cellular model. Co-culture with BMSC-derived EVs and/or gain- and loss-of-function assays were conducted in LPS-treated HK-2 to evaluate the functions of BMSCs-EVs, miR-223-3p, HDAC2, and SNRK. AKI rats were simultaneously injected with EVs and short hairpin RNAs targeting SNRK. The interactions among miR-223-3p, HDAC2, and SNRK were evaluated by RIP, ChIP, and dual-luciferase gene reporter assays. Results Patients with AKI had low miR-223-3p and SNRK expression and high HDAC2 expression in peripheral blood. Mechanistically, miR-223-3p targeted HDAC2 to accelerate SNRK transcription. In LPS-treated HK-2 cells, BMSCs-EVs overexpressing miR-223-3p increased cell viability and diminished cell apoptosis, KIM-1, LDH, IL-1β, IL-6, TNF-α, NLRP3, ASC, cleaved caspase-1, and IL-18 expression, and GSDMD cleavage, which was nullified by HDAC2 overexpression or SNRK silencing. In AKI rats, BMSCs-EV-shuttled miR-223-3p reduced CRE and BUN levels, apoptosis, inflammation, and pyroptosis, which was abrogated by SNRK silencing. Conclusion Conclusively, BMSC-derived EV-encapsulated miR-223-3p mitigated AKI-induced inflammation and pyroptosis by targeting HDAC2 and promoting SNRK transcription.
A 48-year-old woman presented with hyperreninemic hypertension and renal dysfunction and was diagnosed with hydronephrosis-related Page kidney. The pathophysiology was “renal tamponade”, in which the kidney was compressed by the renal pelvis and Gerota’s fascia, resulting in intrarenal microvascular ischemia. Ureteral stent placement promptly improved the hyperreninemic hypertension and renal dysfunction, and additional perirenal fluid drainage gradually improved these conditions. These observations indicated the following three points. First, renal compression-induced renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system upregulation plays an important role in the pathogenesis of Page kidney. Second, physicians should consider perirenal fluid drainage as a therapeutic option in addition to ureteral stenting in patients with hydronephrosis-related Page kidney. Third, bilateral perirenal subcapsular hematomas in this case could be caused by hydronephrosis. Hydronephrosis-induced intrarenal pressure elevation possibly caused chronic perirenal subcapsular hemorrhage at the vulnerable sites of the renal cortex and peeling of the renal capsule from the cortex, resulting in the bilateral massive subcapsular hematomas and Page kidney.
This study aims to estimate the association between some heavy metals in suspended particulate matter (SPM) and kidney damage among workers at different departments in a secondary aluminum production plant. It also investigates the association between Xeroderma Pigmentosum complementation group D (XPD) gene polymorphisms and worker’s susceptibility to kidney dysfunction. It was conducted on 30 workers from the administrative departments and 147 workers from different departments in the production line. Estimation of some heavy metals (Al, Co, Ni, Cu, Pb, and Cd) in suspended particulate matter (SPM) is done. Also, urinary levels of those metals were measured for all workers. Kidney injury molecule 1 (KIM-1), clusterin levels, and XPD protein level were estimated. Genotyping of XPD gene polymorphisms was performed. The measured annual average concentrations of the estimated heavy metals were lower than the permissible limits. Gravity area had the maximum concentration of metals with a higher Al average daily dose and hazardous index > 1. Kidney injury biomarkers (clusterin and KIM-1) were increased significantly ( p  < 0.05) while XPD protein showed the lowest levels among workers at the gravity and cold rolling areas. XPD Asn/Asp genotype was more dominant among those workers (85.7%). Conclusion: aluminum workers are at risk of kidney disorders due to heavy metal exposure. The individual’s susceptibility to the diseases is related to the DNA repair efficiency mechanisms. The defect in XPD protein represents a good indicator of susceptibility to the disease. KIM-1 and clusterin estimation is a predictor biomarker for early-staged kidney diseases.
Introduction Acute kidney injury (AKI) is occasionally detected in patients receiving anti-tuberculosis (TB) treatment. This prospective cohort study is the first to investigate the incidence, risk factors, and renal outcomes of AKI during anti-TB treatment. Methods This study was conducted from January 1, 2016, to May 31, 2018. Patients with a new diagnosis of TB and on standard anti-TB treatment were enrolled, and the patients received regular laboratory monitoring. AKI was defined according to the Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcome (KDIGO) criteria. Urinalysis, renal ultrasonography, blood erythrocyte morphology, and fractional excretion of sodium were performed at AKI onset. The TB treatment regimen was adjusted by the primary physician if necessary. Risk factors for AKI were identified through Cox regression. Results In total, 106 patients were recruited (mean age 52.6 years, 71.7% men). Eleven (10.3%) patients experienced AKI. Increased serum uric acid and hemoglobin levels were noted at AKI onset. All patients with AKI achieved renal recovery and completed anti-TB treatment containing rifampin. Age [hazard ratio (HR) 1.06 (1.02–1.11)], a higher baseline estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR; HR 1.04 (1.02–1.06)], and a blood eosinophil count > 350 (10^9/L) [HR 10.99 (2.28–53.02)] were associated with a higher risk of AKI during TB treatment. Conclusion Regular pharmacovigilant monitoring revealed an incidence of renal impairment during anti-TB treatment that was higher than expected. AKI was more common in older patients with a higher eGFR and blood eosinophil count. However, the complications had no influence on TB treatment completion, and no permanent renal impairment occurred.
Objective The objective of this meta-analysis was to compare the efficacy and drug safety of tolvaptan with placebo for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). Methods The PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Library databases were searched from inception to September 10, 2021. Eligible studies comparing tolvaptan and placebo in the treatment of patients with ADPKD were included. Data were analysed using Review Manager Version 5.3. Results Thirteen studies involving 3575 patients were included in the meta-analysis. Compared with placebo, tolvaptan had a better effect on delaying eGFR decline (MD 1.27, 95% CI 1.24–1.29, P  < 0.01) and TKV increase (MD − 3.01, 95% CI − 3.55 to − 2.47, P  < 0.01) in ADPKD treatment. Additionally, tolvaptan reduced the incidence of complications such as renal pain (OR 0.71, 95% CI 0.58–0.87, P  < 0.01), urinary tract infection (OR 0.69, 95% CI 0.54–0.89, P  < 0.01), haematuria (OR 0.68, 95% CI 0.51–0.89, P  < 0.01), and hypertension (OR 0.66, 95% CI 0.52–0.82, P  < 0.01). However, tolvaptan was associated with a higher incidence rate of adverse events such as thirst (OR 8.48 95% CI 4.53–15.87, P  < 0.01), polyuria (OR 4.71, 95% CI 2.17–10.24, P  < 0.01), and hepatic injury (OR 4.56, 95% CI 2.51–8.29, P  < 0.01). Conclusion Tolvaptan can delay eGFR decline and TKV increase and reduce complications such as renal pain, urinary tract infection, haematuria, and hypertension in the treatment of ADPKD. However, tolvaptan increases the adverse effects of thirst, polyuria and hepatic injury.
Background Although discontinuation of antiplatelet agents at least 5 days before kidney biopsy is commonly recommended, the evidence behind this practice is of low level. Indeed, few non-randomized studies previously showed an equivalent risk of bleeding in patients receiving aspirin therapy. Methods We conducted a single center retrospective study comparing the risk of complications after percutaneous native kidney biopsy in patients who received low-dose aspirin (ASA) within 5 days from biopsy and those who did not. The main outcome was the difference in the incidence of major complications (red blood cell transfusion, need for selective arterial embolization, surgery, nephrectomy). Secondary outcomes included difference in minor complications, comparison between patients who received ASA within 48 h or within 3–5 days, identification of independent factors predictive of major complications. Results We analyzed data on 750 patients, of whom 94 received ASA within 5 days from biopsy. There were no significant differences in the proportion of major complications in patients receiving or not receiving ASA (2.59% and 3.19%, respectively, percentage point difference 1%, 95% CI − 3 to 4%, p  = 0.74). Groups were also comparable for minor complications; among patients receiving ASA, there were no differences in major bleeding between those who received ASA within 48 h or 3–5 days from biopsy. Significant baseline predictors of major bleeding in our cohort were platelet count lower than 120*10^3/microliter, higher diastolic blood pressure and higher blood urea. Conclusions Treatment with low-dose ASA within 5 days from kidney biopsy did not increase the risk of complications after the procedure. Graphical abstract 
Copeptin is a 39-amino acid glycopeptide that is secreted equimolecularly with arginine-vasopressin (AVP) from the prepro-hormone AVP in the posterior pituitary. While AVP is a very unstable molecule and is accompanied by significant technical troubles in its quantification, copeptin is a stable and easily quantifiable molecule. For this reason, circulating copeptin is currently used as a surrogate for AVP in different pathological conditions, including renal diseases. In recent years it has been shown that copeptin is associated with an increased risk of developing chronic kidney disease in the general population. In addition, copeptin has also been associated with multiple renal diseases with relevant clinical consequences and potential therapeutic implications. In the present review, we update and summarize the clinical significance of copeptin as a surrogate marker for AVP concentrations in different kidney diseases, as well as in renal replacement therapy (hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis) and renal transplantation.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is frequently associated with alterations in fluid balance making accurate assessment of hemodynamics a vital component of patient management. Unfortunately, conventional parameters such as history, physical examination, vital signs, weight, natriuretic peptides have limitations in this regard. Point of care ultrasonography (POCUS) is a clinician-performed limited ultrasound study intended to answer focused clinical questions at the bedside. In the past several years, it has evolved as an extension of physical examination in various medical specialties. Herein, we describe a case of AKI where nephrologist-performed multi-organ POCUS aided in accurate diagnosis of fluid overload state. In addition, we describe how venous Doppler (VExUS) evaluation can be used to monitor the efficacy of decongestive therapy in real-time. Nephrologists should adopt a multi-parametric approach integrating all the pieces of hemodynamic puzzle when evaluating patients with AKI and fluid/electrolyte disorders.
Background Polypharmacy is common in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and is associated with a decline in kidney function. However, its impact on patients without CKD has not been adequately elucidated. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the association between polypharmacy and the incidence of CKD. Methods We conducted retrospective cohort study using 1221 participants who were enrolled in the Fukushima Cohort Study with one or more risk factors of CKD, an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2, and without proteinuria. Participants were categorized into three groups based on the number of medications: non-polypharmacy, 0–4 medications; polypharmacy, 5–9 medications; and hyper-polypharmacy, ≥ 10 medications. Results The median age was 62 years, 49% were men, the median eGFR was 75.4 ml/min/1.73 m^2, and the median number of medications was 5. Polypharmacy and hyper-polypharmacy were noted in 506 (41%) and 250 (20%) participants, respectively. During follow-up, 288 participants developed CKD and 67 cardiovascular events were observed. Compared to the non-polypharmacy group, the hyper-polypharmacy group had a higher risk of CKD and cardiovascular events. The adjusted hazard ratios were 1.41 (95% CI1.01–1.99) and 2.24 (95% CI1.05–4.78) for the incidence of CKD and cardiovascular events, respectively. Sensitivity analyses yielded similar findings for the restricted cubic spline function models. Conclusions Hyper-polypharmacy is associated with a higher risk of CKD and cardiovascular events.
Background Intrarenal reflux may be seen with vesicoureteral reflux (VUR) when contrast from the pelvocalyceal system extends into tubules in the parenchyma. Because intrarenal reflux has been associated with scarring, detecting intrarenal reflux may influence management to avoid renal damage. Objective Our objective was to evaluate the prevalence of intrarenal reflux identified on contrast-enhanced voiding urosonography (ceVUS) and its association with sex, age, grade of VUR, location in kidney and stage of bladder filling or voiding. Materials and methods CeVUS studies performed from August 2019 through July 2020 with VUR were retrospectively reviewed by two pediatric radiologists. They independently graded VUR and assessed for intrarenal reflux, noting its location and stage of bladder filling or voiding during which it occurred. The presence and location of scarring was also recorded. Results One hundred and six ceVUS exams were reviewed with 211 kidneys evaluated (one solitary kidney). Patients were ages 2 weeks to 12 years (mean: 1.8 years) with 71 females (67%) and 35 males (33%). Grades 2 to 5 VUR were detected in 165 kidneys with intrarenal reflux seen in 42 (25.4%). Intrarenal reflux was present in 1 of 40 kidneys (2.5%) with grade 2, 10 of 67 (14.9%) with grade 3, 25 of 47 (53.2%) with grade 4 and 6 of 11 (54.5%) with grade 5 VUR. Intrarenal reflux occurred during voiding in 31 of 42 kidneys (73.8%) and was seen most often in the lower pole (71.4%) with significant association between intrarenal reflux and interpolar renal scarring (odds ration [OR] 3.92; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.49, 10.32; P -value 0.01). Conclusion Intrarenal reflux was often seen on ceVUS, with the highest frequency occurring in young patients with grades 4 and 5 VUR and during voiding. Radiologists should have a high index of suspicion for intrarenal reflux on ceVUS, especially in young children with high-grade VUR.
Diabetic kidney disease is one of the most severe complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Patients with diabetic kidney disease have a worse prognosis in terms of mortality and morbidity, compared with patients who have diabetes alone. Strict control of blood pressure and blood glucose is the primary method for prevention of initial kidney damage and delaying further progression of existing damage. Other management approaches include the use of exogenous drugs that can effectively protect the kidneys from diabetes, such as sodium-glucose transporter 2 inhibitors, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, and renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system blockers. These drugs may protect against kidney injury through various molecular mechanisms. This review focuses on renal impairment in patients with type 2 diabetes; it discusses the direct and indirect effects of sodium-glucose transporter 2 inhibitors, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, and renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system blockers on diabetic kidney disease. Finally, it discusses the effects of combination treatment with two or three types of drugs in patients with chronic kidney disease.
In this study, a total of 20 7-day-old chicks were randomly divided into an experimental group and a control group. The experimental group was administered aluminum sulfate (Al_2(SO_4)_3) once by gavage, and the control group was sacrificed after 24 h of fasting with distilled water. Serum and kidney tissue samples from both groups were collected and compared using hematoxylin–eosin staining (H&E) and microscopy. The Paller scores increased ( p  < 0.01) for biochemical kidney function, redox-related indicators, and mRNA expression of nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) downstream related genes. The results showed that in the kidneys of the experimental group, renal tubular epithelial cells appeared to swell, and there was necrosis and shedding; the blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and uric acid (UA) decreased, serum creatinine (CREA) increased; nitric oxide (NO), glutathione (GSH), and malondialdehyde (MDA) contents increased; NO synthase (NOS), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-PX), and superoxide dismutase (SOD) enzyme activities increased; tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α), tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (TNF-R1), tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 (TNF -R2), cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NF-κB), and heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) mRNA expression levels increased ( p  < 0.05 or p  < 0.01); Nrf2, glutathione S-transferase A3 (GSTA3), glutathione-S-transferase mu-1 (GSTM1), glutathione synthetase (GSS), glutamate cysteine ligase (GCLC and GCLM), quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), and Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1) mRNA expression levels decreased ( p  < 0.05 or p  < 0.01) compared to the control group. Acute aluminum poisoning can cause obvious pathological changes in the structure of the kidney tissue of the chick, resulting in damage to the kidney function, as well as triggering inflammation and oxidative stress in the kidney.
Kidney transplantation in pediatric patients can lead to partial improvement of some of the cardiometabolic parameters that increase the risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in patients with chronic kidney disease. However, even after restoration of kidney function, transplant recipients remain at risk for CVD due to the continual presence of traditional and non-traditional risk factors, including the side effects of immunosuppression and chronic inflammation. This educational review describes the prevalence of CVD risk factors in pediatric kidney transplant recipients and presents available evidence for therapeutic lifestyle changes and other non-pharmacologic strategies that can be used to improve traditional and modifiable CVD risk factors. Although trial-grade evidence for interventions that improve CVD in pediatric kidney transplant recipients is limited, potential strategies include lowering dietary sodium and saturated fat intake and increasing physical activity levels. Intensive follow-up may help patients achieve guideline-recommended goals for reducing their overall CVD risk.
The clinical manifestations of primary distal renal tubular acidosis usually begin in childhood, but the disease is caused by a genetic defect that persists throughout life. This review focuses on the complications of distal tubular acidosis that occur or remain long-term such as nephrocalcinosis and urolithiasis, growth impairment, bone mineralization, severe hypokalemia, kidney cysts, and progressive kidney failure, as well as other persistent manifestations that occur independent of acidosis but are associated with some inherited forms of the disease. The pathogenic factors responsible for kidney failure are discussed in particular because it is a complication to which different publications have recently drawn attention and which affects a high percentage of adults with primary distal renal tubular acidosis. The need to maintain optimal metabolic control of the disease and scheduled clinical follow-up throughout life and the importance of organizing protocols for the transition of patients to adult nephrology services are emphasized.
The role of regular physical activity in preventing vascular and non-vascular disease is well established. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major cause of global morbidity and mortality and largely preventable, but it is uncertain if regular physical activity can reduce the risk of CKD. Using a systematic review and meta-analysis of published observational cohort studies in the general population, we sought to assess the association between physical activity and CKD risk. Relevant studies with at least one-year of follow-up were sought from inception until 02 May 2022 in MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and manual search of relevant articles. Relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the maximum versus the minimal amount of physical activity groups were pooled using random effects meta-analysis. The quality of the evidence was evaluated using the GRADE tool. A total of 12 observational cohort studies comprising 1,281,727 participants and 66,217 CKD events were eligible for the analysis. The pooled multivariable-adjusted RR (95% CI) of CKD comparing the most versus the least physically active groups was 0.91 (0.85–0.97). The association was consistent across several study level subgroups. Exclusion of any single study at a time from the meta-analysis did not change the direction or significance of the association. There was no evidence of small study effects among contributing studies. The GRADE quality of the evidence was low. In the general population, individuals who are most physically active have a lowered risk of CKD compared to those who are not or least physically active. CRD42022327640.
Purpose To investigate the influencing factors of acute kidney injury (AKI) following retrograde intrarenal surgery (RIRS). Methods The data of patients who underwent RIRS for kidney stones between January 2018 and June 2022 at two tertiary centers were retrospectively analyzed. Demographic data of patients were obtained. According to kidney disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria, those with and without AKI were divided into two groups. Preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative predictive factors of patients were investigated between the groups. In addition, the influencing factors of AKI were examined by multivariate analysis. Results This study included 295 (35.7%) women and 532 (64.3%) men. The mean age was 50.03 ± 15.4 years (range 18–89), and mean stone size was 15.5 ± 6.1 mm (range 6–47). Overall, 672 of patients (81.3%) were stone-free after the initial treatment. According to KDIGO, 110 of patients (13.3%) had AKI during the postoperative period. Univariate analysis showed that stone size ( P  = .003), previous stone surgery ( P  = .010), renal malformations ( P  = .017), high operative time ( P  =  < .001), high preoperative creatinine value ( P  = .036), intraoperative complications ( P  = .018), and postoperative urinary tract infection ( P  = .003) had significant influence on the AKI after RIRS. Multivariate analysis excluded previous stone surgery, high preoperative creatinine value, renal malformations, and intraoperative complications from the logistic regression model, whereas other factors maintained their statistically significant effect on AKI, indicating that they were independent predictors. Conclusions Stone size, operative time, postoperative urinary tract infection, and diabetes mellitus are significant predictors of AKI. During RIRS, urologists should consider the factors that increase the risk of AKI and evaluate the treatment outcomes based on these factors.
Introduction The long-term clinical outcomes in biopsy proven IgAN patients treated with aliskiren on top of a maximally tolerated dose of ACEi/ARB remain unknown. Methods Patients with IgAN treated with a direct renin inhibitor and ACEi/ARB for at least 6 months were compared with a 1:1 propensityscore-matched cohort (including MEST-C score and the 12-months pre-exposure slope of eGFR matching) who received ACEi/ARB without aliskiren exposure to compute the hazard ratio of reaching the primary endpoint of a composite of 40% reduction in eGFR, initiation of KRT and all-cause mortality. Secondary outcome measures included changes in mean UPCR, blood pressure, eGFR, incidence of hyperkalemia and other adverse events during follow-up. Results After a median follow-up of 2.5 years, 8/36 (22.2%) aliskiren-treated patients and 6/36 (16.7%) control patients reached the primary composite outcome (HR = 1.60; 95% CI 0.52–4.88; P  = 0.412). Aliskiren treatment increased the risk of ≥ 40% eGFR decline (HR = 1.60; 95% CI 0.52–4.88; P  = 0.412), and hyperkalemia (HR = 8.60; 95% CI 0.99–73.64; P  = 0.050). At 10.8 years, renal composite outcome was reached in 69.4% vs 58.3% (HR = 2.16; 95% CI 1.18–3.98; P  = 0.013) of patients in the aliskiren and control groups, respectively. The mean UPCR reduction between treatment and control was not statistically different (52.7% vs 42.5%; 95% CI 0.63–2.35; P  = 0.556). The mean intergroup difference in eGFR decline over 60 months was 7.75 ± 3.95 ml/min/1.73 m^2 greater in the aliskiren group (12.83 vs 5.08; 95% CI − 0.17 to 15.66; P  = 0.055). Conclusion Among patients with IgAN, add-on aliskiren was associated with less favorable long-term kidney outcomes despite an initial anti-proteinuric effect. Graphic abstract 
Purpose of Review This review presents an overview of the clinical syndrome of frailty and its association with kidney transplantation outcomes, recent developments in refining frailty assessment, and considerations for its implementation into kidney transplant evaluation. Recent Findings Recent studies show that frailty is associated with adverse clinical outcomes before and after kidney transplantation, including decreased likelihood of listing and increased risks of mortality. However, frailty assessment has yet to be fully adopted by transplant centers; a study found that 40.9% of centers reported never assessing frailty at evaluation of kidney transplant candidates. Geriatric transplant experts and kidney transplant candidates agree that frailty is a valid consideration for evaluating candidacy. Summary While frailty is an important consideration for treatment of patients with end-stage renal disease, its use in kidney transplant evaluation remains under-utilized. Future research is necessary to refine the frailty phenotype for effective integration into a kidney transplant context.
Purpose The incidence of kidney transplants from elderly donors over 70 years of age has increased significantly over the past 10 years to reach 20% of available kidney graft in some European countries. However, there is little data available on the outcomes of transplants from these donors. We performed a systematic review to evaluate the outcomes of transplantation from donors over 70 years of age. Methods A systematic review was performed according to preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Medline, Embase, and Cochrane databases were searched to identify all studies reporting outcomes on kidney transplants from donors over 70 years. Due to the heterogeneity of the studies, a meta-analysis could not be performed. Results A total of 29,765 patients in 27 studies were included. The mean donors age was 74.79 years, and proportion of kidney graft from women was 53.54%. The estimated 1- and 5-year kidney death-censored graft survivals from donors > 70 years old were, respectively, 85.95 and 80.27%, and the patient survivals were 90.88 and 71.29%. The occurrence of delayed graft function was 41.75%, and primary non-function was 4.67%. Estimated graft function at 1 and 5 years was 36 and 38 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Paucity data were available on post-operative complications. Conclusions Elderly donors appear to be a reliable source of grafts. However, these transplants are associated with a high rate of delayed graft function without repercussion on long-term graft survival. Allocation strategy to elderly recipients is the main factor of decreased recipient survival.
Introduction Daily burden of patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) who have not received maintenance dialysis or renal transplantation has not been well reported compared with patients receiving dialysis. We conducted a patient survey and an advisory board in Japan to investigate the experience and perception of CKD and its treatments from the patient’s perspective. Methods An anonymous web survey ( n  = 342) was conducted in October and November 2020. Participants, who were recruited through multiple panels, aged 20 years or older, diagnosed with any stage of CKD, and who had neither received nor planned maintenance dialysis or renal transplantation were included. A questionnaire prepared under the medical advisor’s guidance was used to collect the background information, burden of disease and treatments, and needs and expectations for future treatments. An advisory board with five patients nominated from a patient group was conducted in December 2020. Additional insights to interpret the results of the preceding survey were collected using pre-identified discussion topics. Results Establishing a diagnosis of CKD generally took a long time; approximately 20% of the patients waited more than 5 years before diagnosis. In daily life, patients were burdened with CKD-related symptoms (e.g., tinnitus, leg cramps) and behavioral restrictions, including diet. They also felt psychological burdens, such as concerns about possible future dialysis and/or renal transplantation, lack of awareness and understanding of disease among the other people in their lives, and financial burdens related to medical expenses. Furthermore, they felt a lack of communication in daily interactions with health care professionals and others around them, and they desired interaction with patients with CKD. Conclusion Understanding the burdens and the thoughts of patients with CKD could inform discussions about the ways to improve communication with patients in daily practice, the role of the patient community, and new therapeutic options to address patients’ expectations. Trial Registration UMIN000042300.
We aimed to evaluate the impact of citrate on hemodynamic responses and secondary outcomes, including the filter life span, metabolic complications, and levels of inflammatory cytokines, in critically ill patients who required CRRT compared with those who underwent the heparin-free method. This prospective, multicenter, open-label randomized trial compared regional citrate anticoagulation (RCA) with a heparin-free protocol in severe acute kidney injury (AKI) patients who received continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration (CVVHDF) in the postdilution mode. We measured hemodynamic changes using the FloTrac Sensor/EV1000™ Clinical Platform at certain time points after starting CRRT (0, 6, 12, 24, 48, and 72 h.). The levels of inflammatory cytokines (IL-1β, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10 and TNF-ɑ) were measured on days 1 and 3. Forty-one patients were recruited and randomized into the heparin ( n  = 20) and citrate groups ( n  = 21). The cardiac performances were not significantly different between the 2 groups at any time point. The inflammatory cytokines declined similarly in both treatment arms. The maximum filter survival time was insignificantly longer in the RCA group than in the heparin-free group (44.64 ± 26.56 h. vs p  = 0.693 in citrate and heparin free group). No serious side effects were observed for either treatment arm, even in the group of liver dysfunction patients. RCA did not affect hemodynamic changes during CRRT. Inflammatory cytokines decreased similarly in both treatment arms.The filter life span was longer in the citrate group. RCA is a valid alternative to traditional anticoagulation and results in stable hemodynamic parameters.
Background COVID-19 vaccine is recommended in Peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients, but a paucity of data is available regarding vaccine-related adverse effects among PD patients. Method A cross-sectional study was conducted in a single center between October and November 2021. PD patients were provided with the online survey link to participate in the study. Results A total of 107 PD patients responded to the survey (55%: male, 79%: Chinese, 40%: > 65 years old). Of these, 95% received the COVID-19 vaccine (77% received two doses and 22% received three doses). Most participants (91%) received Pfizer vaccine. The main source of vaccine information was from the government (48%). The most common reason to receive and refuse vaccines were the perception of the seriousness of COVID-19 infection (63%) and concern about vaccine safety (60%), respectively. After the first dose, 25% of patients developed one or more vaccine-related adverse effects. Common local adverse effect was pain at the injection site (21%), and systemic adverse effects were muscle pain (15%), fatigue (13%). Similar adverse effects were observed with subsequent doses. None of them required hospitalization for vaccine-related adverse effects. Female patients had a higher risk of developing adverse effects than male patients after the first dose (odds ratio: 3.37; 95% confidence interval: 1.25 – 9.08). No such difference was observed in the subsequent dose. Age, race, employment status and history of drug allergy were not associated with the risk of adverse effects. Conclusions The COVID-19 vaccine was well-tolerated by most PD patients, but few experienced non-severe adverse effects. All PD patients should be vaccinated against SAR-COV-2 infection.
Objective We aimed to explore the applicability and safety of micro-percutaneous nephrolithotomy (micro-perc) in the treatment of children with kidney stones in the Galdakao-modified supine Valdivia (GMSV) position under the guidance of whole-course ultrasound. Materials and methods Patients were aged < 18 years in the GMSV position who underwent micro-perc for kidney stones under ultrasound guidance between August 2020 and May 2022 at our institution were reviewed retrospectively. Results A total of 23 patients, 15 males and 8 females, received micro-perc. The average stone size was 1.6 cm (range 1.1–2.0 cm). Among them, 12 patients had left kidney stones, 10 patients had right kidney stones, and 1 patient had bilateral kidney stones. The mean operative time was 55.3 min (range 35–86 min). The mean hospital stay was 2.9 days (range 2–4 days). The mean hemoglobin decrease was 1.7 g/L (range 0.9–3.2 g/L). A total of 17 patients had complete stone clearance at 48 h postoperatively. A total of 22 patients had complete stone clearance at 2 weeks postoperatively. Conclusion Our results demonstrate that micro-perc under ultrasound guidance is a safe and effective method for the treatment of children with kidney stones in the GMSV position. Further research is warranted to confirm these results.
Hemodialysis is a blood purification method based on solute removal by diffusion and incorporates filtration to improve the efficiency of water removal and removal of high molecular weight substances. It is now a well-established treatment, due to the improved performance of dialyzers. This review outlines the development process of dialyzers, focusing on the application based on the mathematical analysis. First, phenomena occurring in the vicinity of the dialysis membrane are explained using a film model for diffusion and a gel polarization model for filtration. Then, currently established dialyzer designs are introduced using mathematical analysis. Furthermore, the design of dialyzers to promote internal filtration, the designs of hemodiafilters suitable for online hemodiafiltration (HDF), and the design of compact dialyzer for are also presented.
Introduction Ureteral access sheath (UAS) and irrigation are used in flexible ureteroscopy (fURS). Both conventional UAS (cUAS) and vacuum-assisted UAS (vaUAS) are currently available. Irrigation increases the intrarenal pressure (IRP). Our objectives were to study the effects of various irrigation rates on IRP using different sizes of fURS in different sizes and functions of UAS. Materials and methods Ten freshly harvested porcine kidneys served as the study subjects. 11/13F and 12/14F cUAS and vaUAS with 2.8 mm and 3.2 mm fURS were experimented on in various scope/sheath combinations. 6F pressure monitor catheters were placed into upper, middle, and lower calyces. IRPs were recorded under different irrigation rates in cUAS and vaUAS, with either 150 or 300 mmHg aspiration pressures, and with air vent either open or closed. Results 12/14F cUAS with 2.8 mm fURS could maintain IRPs below 35 mmHg with irrigation rates up to 200 cc/min. With 3.2 mm fURS, the rate dropped to 110–120 cc/min. With 12/14F vaUAS and vent closed, the IRP remained less than 5 mmHg at 200 cc/min irrigation for both fURS. For 11/13F cUAS, the < 35 mmHg threshold for 2.8 mm fURS was 80–90 cc/min; for 3.2 mm fURS, it was 30–40 cc/min. For 11/13F vaUAS with vent closed, IRPs remained < 5 mmHg at 200 cc/min irrigation for both scopes. Conclusion Both 12F cUAS and vaUAS can be used safely with 2.8 mm fURS up to 200 cc/min irrigation. With either a smaller sheath or a larger scope, vaUAS with vent closed can maintain IRP in a safe range up 200 cc/min irrigation. vaUAS with vent open performed marginally better than cUAS.
The prevalence of low bone mineral density (LBMD) in people with chronic kidney disease (CKD) remains unknown. We identified a high prevalence of LBMD in CKD population. Thus, public health strategies should include efforts to prevent, early detect, and manage LBMD in CKD patients, especially in patients undergoing kidney replacement therapy. Mineral and bone disorders are common among patients with CKD, which affects bone mineral density. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to estimate the prevalence of low bone mineral density (LBMD) in adults with CKD. We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Science, CINAHL, and LILACS databases from inception to February 2021. Observational studies that reported the prevalence of LBMD in adults with CKD stages 3a–5D were included. The LBMD was defined according to the World Health Organization criterion (T-score ≤  − 2.5). Random-effect model meta-analyses were used to estimate the pooled prevalence of LBMD. Meta-regressions and subgroup analyses were conducted for stages of CKD, dialysis modality, gender, bone sites and morphology, and geographical region. This study was registered in PROSPERO, number CRD42020211077. One-hundred and fifty-three studies with 78,092 patients were included. The pooled global prevalence of LBMD in CKD was 24.5% (95% CI, 21.3 − 27.8%). Subgroup analyses indicated a higher prevalence of LBMD in dialysis patients (30%, 95% CI 25 − 35%) compared with non-dialysis CKD patients (12%, 95% CI 8 − 16%), cortical bone sites (28%, 95% CI 23 − 35%) relative to trabecular sites (19%, 95% CI 14 − 24%), while similar estimates in the European and the Asiatic continents (26%, 95% CI 21 − 30% vs 25%, 95% CI 21 − 29). The prevalence of LBMD in CKD patients is high, particularly in those undergoing dialysis and in cortical bone sites. Therefore, efforts to early diagnosis and management strategies should be implemented in clinical routine for an epidemiological control of LBMD in CKD patients.
Introduction Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) has a high global disease burden and substantially increases the risk of end-stage renal disease and cardiovascular events. High levels of serum uric acid (SUA), or hyperuricemia, may indicate patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) at risk for kidney disease. Methods This study explored the association between SUA levels and progression of kidney disease among patients with T2D. A cross-sectional study of 993 Chinese patients aged 20–75 years with T2D and DKD was conducted. Patients were stratified by progression risk of kidney disease based on estimated glomerular filtration rate and ratio of urinary albumin to creatinine, according to Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria. Ordinal logistic regression was used to assess associations between SUA and different KDIGO risk categories. Results Among 768 patients in the final analysis, those with hyperuricemia and higher SUA were more likely to be assigned to higher KDIGO risk categories. Patients with SUA > 420 μmol/L were ninefold more likely to be in a higher KDIGO risk category than those with SUA < 300 μmol/L (odds risk 9.74, 95% confidence interval 5.47–17.33, P  < 0.001). Conclusions Hyperuricemia may be associated with higher risk of DKD progression in individuals with T2D.
Background Black adults with chronic kidney disease (CKD) have higher rates of hypertension as compared to White adults with CKD. Little is known of how race and ethnicity associate with the prevalence of hypertension in pediatric CKD patients. The aim was to compare ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) results for patients with CKD enrolled in the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children (CKiD) study across racial-ethnic groups. Methods Patients from the CKiD study who identified as non-Hispanic White, non-Hispanic Black, or Hispanic were included to analyze differences in ABPM results across these racial-ethnic groups. The outcomes were fitted using 3 progressively adjusted models. Results This study included 501 CKiD participants with at least one successful ABPM study. Compared to White participants, Black participants had 4.2 mmHg higher mean sleep systolic blood pressure and 2.7 mmHg higher mean sleep diastolic blood pressure ( p  = 0.001 and p  = 0.004, respectively). Additionally, Black participants had higher odds of abnormal wake systolic load ( OR 1.88, 1.21–2.91, p  = 0.005), wake diastolic load ( OR 1.68, 1.03–2.73, p  = 0.04), sleep systolic load ( OR 2.19, 1.36–3.5, p  = 0.001), sleep diastolic load ( OR 2.01, 1.28–3.15, p  = 0.002), systolic non-dipping ( OR 2.02, 1.31–3.10, p  = 0.001), and diastolic non-dipping ( OR 2.69, 1.60–4.51, p  < 0.001). Compared to White participants, Hispanic participants demonstrated only a lower sleep diastolic load ( OR 0.54, 0.31–0.95, p  = 0.03). Conclusions Black children with CKD have higher absolute nocturnal blood pressures and higher rates of abnormal dipping. Further studies are needed to determine the etiology of these differences and the clinical implications of racial-ethnic differences in ABPM outcomes within the pediatric CKD population. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Valvar abnormalities in children and adults with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) have previously been reported as a frequent occurrence. Mitral valve prolapse (MVP), in particular, has been reported in almost one-third of adult patients and nearly 12% of children with ADPKD. Our objective in this study was to establish the prevalence of valvar abnormalities in a large, contemporary series of children and young people (CYP) with ADPKD. Methods A retrospective, single centre, cross-sectional analysis of the echocardiograms performed on all consecutive children seen in a dedicated paediatric ADPKD clinic. Full anatomical and functional echocardiograms were performed and analysed for valvar abnormalities. Results The echocardiograms of 102 CYP with ADPKD (range 0.25–18 years, mean age 10.3 years, SD ± 5.3 years) were analysed. One (0.98%), 3-year-old boy, had MVP. There was no associated mitral regurgitation. Evaluating variations in normal valvar anatomy, 9 (8.8%) patients, aged 7.1 to 18 years, had minor bowing ± visual elongation of either the anterior or posterior leaflet of the mitral valve, none of which fell within the criteria of true MVP. Three (1.9%) patients, 2 boys and 1 girl aged between 7 and 14 years, had trivial or mild aortic regurgitation. No patients had echocardiographic evidence of tricuspid valve prolapse (TVP). Conclusion In this contemporary cohort of CYP with ADPKD, the incidence of MVP and other valvar lesions is significantly lower than previously reported. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Purpose To determine the risk factors for postoperative fever after retrograde intrarenal surgery (RIRS) in patients with negative preoperative urine culture (UC), and to establish a nomogram for predicting postoperative fever based on these risk factors. Methods This study collected 322 patients with negative UC who received RIRS at the First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical University from March 2019 to May 2022. The study population was divided into a fever group and a non-fever group. The risk factors of postoperative fever were determined by univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses, and a nomogram was established. The nomogram was evaluated in terms of differentiation, calibration, and clinical practicability. Results In this study, 47 (14.6%) patients developed a fever after surgery. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that for patients with negative preoperative urine culture, urinary leucocyte esterase ( P  = 0.005), operative time ( P  = 0.019), and intraoperative hypotension ( P  = 0.028) were independent risk factors of postoperative fever, and a nomogram was constructed according to the above variables. The area under the curve (AUC) calculated by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was 0.807 (95% CI 0.739–0.876), indicating good discrimination. The calibration curves showed good consistency, and the clinical decision curve analysis (DCA) showed the clinical applicability of the model. Conclusions For patients with negative preoperative urine culture, urine leukocyte esterase, operative time, and intraoperative hypotension are independent risk factors of postoperative fever. The new nomogram can better assess the risk of infection in patients with negative UC after RIRS.
Objective Kidney biopsy is essential for the diagnosis and classification of lupus nephritis. Percutaneous biopsy has a risk of bleeding-related complications; however, data on the risk of percutaneous kidney biopsy in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) are scarce. In this study, we aimed to investigate the rate of bleeding-related complications and to examine the risk factors for complications of kidney biopsy in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).  Methods We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of patients with SLE who underwent ultrasound-guided percutaneous kidney biopsy between 2002 and 2020 at a tertiary referral center. Minor complications were defined as hematoma and passing hematuria not requiring an intervention. Major complications included bleeding events that required interventions after the biopsy. Statistical analysis with a multivariate logistic regression model was performed. Results In a total of 277 patients with SLE, the rate of overall bleeding-related complications after kidney biopsy was 19.9% (minor 13.0%; major 6.9%). Among patients with major complications, 84.2% needed blood transfusion alone without embolization or surgery, whereas the remaining three patients needed embolization for bleeding control. Multivariate analysis revealed that thrombocytopenia (odds ratio [OR] 7.186, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.315–22.300), and low eGFR (OR 3.478, 95% CI 1.094–11.056) were significantly associated with the risk of major bleeding-related complications after kidney biopsy. Conclusion Percutaneous kidney biopsy is accompanied by the risk of bleeding-related complications; however, most events in our study did not require vascular intervention for bleeding control. Low platelet count and low estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) significantly increase the risk of complications after kidney biopsy in patients with SLE. Key Points • The rate of overall bleeding-related complications after kidney biopsy was about 20% of patients with SLE . • The most commonly observed events were gross hematuria followed by blood transfusion . • Thrombocytopenia and poor kidney function areis an important risk of bleeding-related complications after kidney biopsy .
Background Hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS) is characterized by microangiopathic hemolysis, thrombocytopenia, and thrombus formation leading to tissue injury. HUS is classified according to its etiology as post-diarrheal or atypical HUS. Differential diagnosis of both entities continues to be a challenge for pediatric physicians. Methods The aim was to improve the rapid etiological diagnosis of post-diarrheal HUS cases based on the detection of Shiga toxin (Stx)-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) infection by screening of stx _1/ stx _2 and rfb _O157 in cultured stools by multiplex PCR, and the additional detection of anti-lipopolysaccharide (anti-LPS) O157, O145, and O121 antibodies by Glyco-iELISA test. In addition, we studied patients’ relatives to detect circulating pathogenic strains that could contribute to HUS diagnosis and/or lead to the implementation of measures to prevent dissemination of familial outbreaks. This study describes the diagnosis of 31 HUS patients admitted to Hospital Municipal de Niños Prof Dr Ramón Exeni during the 2017–2020 period. Results Stool PCR confirmed the diagnosis of STEC associated with HUS in 38.7% of patients (12/31), while anti-LPS serology did in 88.9% (24/27). In those patients in which both methods were carried out ( n  = 27), a strong association between the results obtained was found. We found that 30.4% of HUS patients had at least one relative positive for STEC. Conclusions We could identify 96.3% (26/27) of HUS cases as secondary to STEC infections when both methods (genotyping and serology) were used. The results demonstrated a high circulation of STEC in HUS families and the prevalence of the STEC O157 serotype (83%) in our pediatric cohort. Graphical abstract A higher-resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Purpose The aim of the study was to investigate the performance of arterial spin labeling (ASL), diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI), and clinical biomarkers in assessing renal pathological injury in CKD. Materials and methods Forty-five biopsy-proven CKD patients and 17 healthy volunteers underwent DWI and ASL examinations. Renal cortical blood flow (RBF) and apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) values were acquired. Correlations between RBF, ADC, serum creatinine (SCr), estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), and pathological scores were assessed. The diagnostic efficacy of SCr, eGFR, RBF, and ADC in assessing renal pathological injury was assessed by ROC curve analysis. Results The cortical RBF, ADC, SCr, and eGFR were significantly correlated with the renal histology score (all p  < 0.01). The AUC values of SCr, eGFR, RBF, and ADC were 0.705 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.536–0.827), 0.718 (0.552–0.839), 0.823 (0.658–0.916), and 0.624 (0.451–0.786), respectively, in discriminating the minimal–mild renal pathological injury group ( N  = 30) from the control group ( N  = 17). The diagnostic ability of ASL was significantly higher than that of DWI ( p  = 0.049) and slightly but not significantly higher than that of eGFR and SCr ( p  = 0.151 and p  = 0.129, respectively). When compared with that of eGFR, the sensitivity of ASL in detecting early renal injury increased from 50 to 70% ( p  = 0.014). However, in differentiating between the minimal–mild and moderate–severe renal injury groups ( N  = 15), there was no significant difference in diagnostic ability among the four parameters (all p  > 0.05). Conclusion ASL is practicable for noninvasive evaluation of renal pathology, especially for predicting early renal pathological injury in CKD patients. Graphical abstract 
Aluminum, one of the most abundant metallic elements, is known to be toxic to multiple organs including the kidneys. This study aimed to investigate the pleiotropic nephroprotective effects of Hesperidin in aluminum chloride (ALCL3)-induced renal injury, highlighting the potential molecular mechanisms underlying. Twenty-four male albino rats were divided into four groups: control, Hesperidin (80 mg/kg BW, orally), ALCL3 (10 mg/kg BW, IP), and ALCL3 + Hesperidin groups. By the end of the study, blood samples were collected, and tissue samples were harvested at sacrifice. ALCL3 rats showed dramatically declined renal function, enhanced intrarenal oxidative stress, inflammation, apoptosis, and extravagant renal histopathological damage with interstitial fibrosis as shown by a higher Endothelial, Glomerular, Tubular, and Interstitial (EGTI) score. Hesperidin significantly reversed all the aforementioned detrimental effects in ALCL3-treated rats. The study verified the nephroprotective effects of Hesperidin on ALCL3-induced renal damage and confirmed the critical role of extracellular matrix (ECM) remodeling and apoptosis inhibition. Graphical Abstract 
Background Hyperuricemia is one of the most important risk factors for gout and oxidative stress conditions caused by uric acid excessive production by the xanthine oxidase (XOD). Allopurinol (Allo) is the most widely used inhibitor of XOD, which is used to treat hyperuricemia. Allo not only has a rapid clearance but it also causes some side effects. We prepared a new metal–organic framework (MOF) and compared the release rate and side effects of free Allo and encapsulated in nanocomposite in male Wistar rats. Method GO/CuFe_2O_4/IRMOF-3 was prepared by hydrothermal method and Allo was encapsulated in its pores. The structural properties of nanoparticles and efficiency of the free and encapsulated drug in addition to the drug release rate were investigated. Results TGA, FTIR, BET, and XRD analyses confirmed the formation of the MOF and the drug encapsulation. SEM images showed dimensions of nanoparticles before/after drug loading were 30 and 50 nm, respectively. Encapsulation caused the slow release of the drug (88% of the loaded drug released in four days). Serum uric acid level in the hyperuricemic group receiving encapsulated Allo was significantly reduced ( p  < 0.05). The liver and kidney function biomarkers and oxidative stress indices showed a significant improvement. Appearance and histopathology of liver/kidney tissues in all groups were normal. Conclusion Encapsulation of Allo in GO/CuFe_2O_4/IRMOF-3 can be employed to increase the efficacy, reduce the side effects, and lower the release rate of the drugs including treating hyperuricemia and oxidative stress conditions. Graphical Abstract 
Background COVID-19 disease in kidney transplant (KT) recipients is associated with increased morbidity, mortality, and hospitalization rates. Unfortunately, KT recipients also have a reduced response to SARS-CoV-2 immunization. The primary aim of this study was to assess immunologic response to SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccines in pediatric kidney transplant recipients 12–18 years of age. Secondary aims were to assess response rates following a third immunization and determine factors that influence immunization response. Methods Pediatric KT recipients in a single tertiary center received SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccination as per local protocol. SARS-CoV-2 immunoglobulin (IgG) was measured following second and/or third vaccination. Demographics including patient factors (age, gender, and underlying disease), transplant factors (time and type of transplant), and immunosuppression (induction, maintenance, and immunomodulatory therapies such as IVIG) were collected from the medical records. Results Of 20 participants, 10 (50%) responded following a two-dose vaccine schedule, which increased to 15 (75%) after three doses. Maintenance immunosuppression affected immunologic response, with azathioprine demonstrating a higher rate of response to vaccine compared to mycophenolate (100% vs. 38%, p  = 0.04). Increasing prednisolone dose had a negative impact on immunologic response (0.01 mg/kg/day increase: OR 1.60 95% CI 1.01 to 2.57). Tacrolimus dose and trough levels, age, time post-transplant, underlying disease, and other immunosuppression did not impact immunologic response. Conclusions Pediatric KT recipients had similar response rates following SARS-CoV-2 immunization as adult KT recipients. Immunologic response improved following a third immunization. Choice of antimetabolite and prednisolone dosing influenced the rate of response. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary Information
Diabetic kidney disease is the leading cause of impaired kidney function, albuminuria, and renal replacement therapy (dialysis or transplantation), thus placing a large burden on health-care systems. This urgent event requires us to reveal the molecular mechanism of this disease to develop more efficacious treatment. Herein, we reported single-cell RNA sequencing analyses in kidneys of db/db mouse, an animal model for type 2 diabetes and diabetic kidney disease. We first analyzed the hub genes expressed differentially in the single cell resolution transcriptome map of the kidneys. Then we figured out the communication among the renal and immune cells in the kidneys. Data from this report may provide novel information for better understanding the cell-specific targets involved in the aetiologia of type 2 diabetic kidney disease and for cell communication and signaling between renal cells and immune cells of this complex disease.
Background A dysregulated ‘gut-kidney axis’ may contribute to immunoglobulin A nephropathy (IgAN). We studied whether IgAN patients have disturbed intestinal permeability. Methods In a prospective, cross sectional, pilot study we assessed intestinal permeability in 35 IgAN patients, 18 patients with non-IgAN glomerulonephritides (GNs) and 19 healthy controls. After an overnight fast, trial participants ingested a multi-sugar solution and samples were obtained from 0 to 2, 2 to 5- and 5 to 24-h urine portions. Urinary sugar concentrations were quantified using isocratic ion-exchange high performance liquid chromatography. Indices of small intestinal permeability (0–2-h lactulose/L-rhamnose (L/R) ratio), distal small intestinal and proximal colonic permeability (2–5-h sucralose/erythritol (S/E) ratio) and colonic permeability (5–24-h sucralose/erythritol (S/E) ratio) were evaluated. Associations between groups and indices of intestinal permeability were investigated by a linear mixed model. Results Small intestinal permeability (0–2 h L/R-ratio) was significantly increased in patients with glomerular diseases versus healthy controls. More precisely, increased small intestinal permeability was exclusively noted in non-IgAN GN patients, whereas IgAN patients exhibited a trend towards elevated small intestinal permeability. In total, 54% of patients with IgAN and 67% of non-IgAN GN patients had increased small intestinal permeability. Neither distal small intestinal and proximal colonic permeability nor colonic gut permeability indices (i.e., 2–5 h and 5–24 h S/E ratios) were significantly different between controls and any of the GN patient groups. Conclusion The present single center pilot study suggests that disturbed intestinal permeability is common in patients with glomerular diseases and is not specific for IgAN. Trial registration number German Clinical Trials Register DRKS00021533, Date: 24.04.2020. Graphical abstract 
Background The clinical significance of intrarenal vascular lesions has not been elucidated in primary IgA nephropathy (IgAN), especially in non-hypertensive subjects. Methods From January 2003 to December 2020, data of 3435 patients with biopsy-proven IgAN were reviewed. Two hundred-forty non-hypertensive patients who met the criteria for IgAN and had intrarenal vascular lesions (IgAN-vas) were selected. The control cohort was constructed with 1:1 matched cases of non-hypertensive IgAN patients without vascular lesions according to age, gender, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and follow-up time. Results The IgAN-vas cohort had significantly higher serum uric acid levels than the control IgAN cohort ( P  < 0.05); glomerulosclerosis was more common in IgAN-vas patients. Moreover, cluster analysis indicated that the serum uric acid level was associated with serum creatinine (s-Cr) levels in IgAN-vas while it was associated with serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) levels in control cases with IgAN. Both Kaplan–Meier analysis and generalized linear mixed-effects models revealed that the prognosis of the IgAN-vas cohort was significantly worse than that of the IgAN cohort after > 5 years of follow-up. Intimal thickening was an independent risk factor associated with reaching the endpoint (eGFR decrease ≥ 30% from the baseline or reaching end-stage renal disease [ESRD] or death). Conclusions The prognosis of non-hypertensive patients with IgAN-vas was worse than that of matched individuals with IgAN. The clinicopathologic manifestation of IgAN-vas was more severe, and included a higher proportion of glomerulosclerosis, and a higher serum uric acid level correlated with renal function impairment. Graphical abstract 
Aims/hypothesis Both manifestations of kidney disease in diabetes, reduced eGFR (ml/min per 1.73 m^2) and increased urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR, mg/mmol), may increase the risk of specific CVD subtypes in adults with diabetes. Methods We assessed the prospective association between annually recorded measures of eGFR and UACR and the occurrence of myocardial infarction (MI), CHD, stroke, heart failure (HF) and cardiovascular mortality in 13,657 individuals with diabetes (53.6% male, age 62.3±12.1 years) from the Hoorn Diabetes Care System cohort, using data obtained between 1998 and 2018. Multivariate time-dependent Cox regression models adjusted for cardiovascular risk factors were used to estimate HRs and 95% CI. Associations of eGFR were adjusted for UACR values and vice versa. Effect modification by sex was investigated for all associations. Results After a mean follow-up period of 7 years, event rates per 1000 person-years were 3.08 for MI, 3.72 for CHD, 1.12 for HF, 0.84 for stroke and 6.25 for cardiovascular mortality. Mildly reduced eGFR (60–90 ml/min per 1.73 m^2) and moderately to severely reduced eGFR (<59 ml/min per 1.73 m^2) were associated with higher risks of MI (HR 1.52; 95% CI 1.10, 2.12 and HR 1.69; 95% CI 1.09, 2.64) and CHD (HR 1.67; 95% CI 1.23, 2.26 and HR 2.01; 95% CI 1.34, 3.02) compared with normal eGFR (>90 ml/min per 1.73 m^2). Mildly reduced eGFR was associated with a higher risk of stroke (HR 2.53; 95% CI 1.27, 5.03). Moderately increased UACR (3–30 mg/mmol) and severely increased UACR (>30 mg/mmol) were prospectively associated with a higher cardiovascular mortality risk in men and women (HR 1.87; 95% CI 1.41, 2.47 and HR 2.78; 95% CI 1.78, 4.34) compared with normal UACR (<3 mg/mmol). Significant effect modification by sex was observed for the association between UACR and HF. Because there were a limited number of HF events within the category of UACR >30 mg/mmol, categories were combined into UACR <3.0 and >3.0 mg/mmol in the stratified analysis. Women but not men with UACR >3.0 mg/mmol had a significantly higher risk of HF compared with normal UACR (HR 2.79; 95% CI 1.47, 5.28). Conclusions/interpretation This study showed differential and independent prospective associations between manifestations of early kidney damage in diabetes and several CVD subtypes, suggesting that regular monitoring of both kidney function measures may help to identify individuals at higher risk of specific cardiovascular events. Graphical abstract 
Purpose This study is to compare risks of developing renal cell carcinoma or urothelial cancer between hemodialysis (HD) and peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients. Methods The age-, sex-, and index year-matched patients with newly diagnosed end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) undergoing dialysis [HD (N  =  22,587) or PD (N  =  11,547)] from 2000 to 2015 in Taiwan were identified. Patients were followed until the development of renal cell carcinoma or urothelial cancer, renal transplantation, death, or the end of follow-up (December 31, 2017). The hazard ratio (HR), and sub-hazards ratio (SHR), in which death was considered as a competing risk, of developing renal cell carcinoma or urothelial cancer were compared between the HD and PD patients. Results The incidence rate of renal cell carcinoma was higher in the PD group than in age-, sex-, and index year-matched HD group (11.5 versus 5.52 per 10,000 person-years), with an adjusted HR of 2.15 (95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.59, 2.92), and an adjusted SHR of 1.97 (95% CI = 1.46, 2.67). The incidence rate of urothelial cancer was also higher in the PD group than in corresponding HD group (40.3 and 34.0 per 10,000 person-years), with an adjusted HR of 1.15 (95% CI = 1.00, 1.33) and an adjusted SHR of 1.08 (95% CI = 0.94, 1.25). These findings were further validated in propensity score-matched dialysis cohorts. Conclusions ESKD patients undergoing PD are at a higher risk of developing renal cell carcinoma than those on HD, but risks of developing urothelial cancer are similar among the two groups.
Evidence of associations between ambient fine particulate matter (PM_2.5) and risks of decline of kidney function and hyperuricemia is limited. We aimed to investigate the associations between long-term exposure to PM_2.5 with decline of kidney function and hyperuricemia in China. We conducted a two-stage study based on China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study (CHARLS) from 2011 to 2015. Cox proportional hazard regression models and restricted cubic splines were used to evaluate the associations of PM_2.5 with risks of decline of kidney function and hyperuricemia. Latent class trajectory models (LCTM) were used to identify trajectories of PM_2.5 from 2011 to 2015 in the sensitivity analysis. A total of 9760 participants were included in baseline analysis, and 5902 participants were in follow-up analysis. PM_2.5 was associated with the risks of decline of kidney function [hazard ratio (HR): 2.14; 95% confidence interval (CI): (1.03, 4.44)] and hyperuricemia [HR 1.40 (95% CI: 1.10, 1.79)] in the second quartile group versus the lowest quartile group of PM_2.5. We also observed nonlinear relationships between PM_2.5 and the risks of the decline of kidney function and hyperuricemia ( P _non-linear < 0.001). In sensitivity analysis, four trajectory groups were identified. “Maintaining a high PM_2.5” [odds ratio (OR): 2.20; 95%CI: (1.78, 2.73)] and “moderately high starting PM_2.5 then steadily decreased” [OR (95%CI): 5.15 (1.55, 16.13)] were associated with hyperuricemia risk, using “low starting PM_2.5 then steadily decreased” trajectory as reference. In conclusion, improved air quality is essential for prevention of decline of kidney function and hyperuricemia.
Background Catheter ablation is an effective treatment for ventricular tachycardia (VT), albeit the decision to undergo this procedure is often influenced by underlying comorbidities. The present study aims at evaluating the effects of chronic kidney disease (CKD) on clinical outcomes of VT ablation. Methods We identified 7212 patients who presented between 2016 and 2018 and underwent catheter ablation for VT. Their clinical data were retrospectively accrued from the national readmission database (NRD) using the corresponding diagnosis codes. We compared clinical outcomes between patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD group) and patients without. Odds ratios (OR) for the primary and secondary outcomes were calculated, and multivariable regression analysis was utilized to adjust for confounding variables. Results Compared with patients without CKD, patients in CKD group were older (mean age 67.9 vs. 60.5 years, P  < 0.01), had a longer mean length of stay (8.73 vs. 5.69 days, P  < 0.01), and higher in-hospital mortality 113 (6.7%) vs. 119 (2.2%) (OR 2.24, 95% confidence interval (CI) (1.29–3.88), P  < 0.01). CKD group patients had increased risk of developing acute kidney injury 726 (43%) vs. 623 (11.3%) (3.69 95% CI (2.87–4.74), P  < 0.01). Conclusion In patients with CKD, VT ablation is associated with worse clinical outcomes in-hospital mortality, acute kidney injury, mean length of stay, and total hospital charge. This significantly influences the decision-making prior to performing this procedure.
Purpose “Point-of-Care Ultrasound” (POCUS) is now a familiar term. Although the European Federation of Societies for Ultrasound in Medicine and Biology (ESFUMB) published a position paper about its usage (Nielsen et al. in Ultraschall Med 40(1):30–39. https://doi.org/10.1055/a-0783-2303 , 2019), there has not been much scientific focus on its utility in uro-nephrological clinical practice thus far. The aim of this study was to evaluate the present usage of pocket ultrasound devices at the bedside. Methods 27 investigators (all medical doctors with at least 6 months of experience in sonography) performed 280 bedside examinations using a pocket ultrasound device for common clinical issues. Results The most frequent indications included evaluation of hydronephrosis (147), volume management including assessment of dimension of the vena cava inferior (IVC) (195), detection of pleural, pericardial and abdominal effusions (113) as well as residual urine (52). In 90%, specific clinical questions were effectively answered by the pocket ultrasound device alone. Conclusions POCUS can be useful in the uro-nephrological field. In the hands of an experienced investigator, it saves time and, when it is realised that departmental ultrasound is not cheap, there is also an economic benefit with applicability within both inpatient and outpatient clinic settings. While acknowledging its technical limits, pocket ultrasound devices may nevertheless be helpful in targeted situations for triage or for bedside follow-up exams after earlier high-end ultrasound-based diagnosis.
Background and objectives The evident genotype–phenotype correlation shown by the X-linked Alport syndrome warrants the assessment of the impact of identified gene variants on aberrant splicing. We previously reported that single nucleotide variants (SNVs) in the last nucleotide of exons in COL4A5 cause aberrant splicing. It is known that the nucleotides located 2nd and 3rd to the last nucleotides of exons can also play an essential role in the first step of the splicing process. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether SNVs positioned 2nd or 3rd to the last nucleotide of exons in COL4A5 resulted in aberrant splicing. Methods We selected eight candidate variants: six from the Human Gene Variant Database Professional and two from our cohort. We performed an in-vitro splicing assay and reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) for messenger RNA obtained from patients, if available. Results The candidate variants were initially classified into the following groups: three nonsense, two missense, and three synonymous variants. Splicing assays and RT-PCR for messenger RNA revealed that six of the eight variants caused aberrant splicing. Four variants, initially classified as non-truncating variants, were found to be truncating ones, which usually show relatively more severe phenotypes. Conclusion We revealed that exonic SNVs positioned 2nd or 3rd to the last nucleotide of exons in the COL4A5 were responsible for aberrant splicing. The results of our study suggest that attention should be paid when interpreting the pathogenicity of exonic SNVs near the 5′ splice site.
Background Diabetes mellitus is a major risk factor for heart failure. A recent consensus statement recommended annual cardiac biomarker testing (e.g. natriuretic peptide or high-sensitivity cardiac troponin) for all patients with diabetes. We aimed to identify patients at a higher risk of hospitalization for heart failure among patients with type 2 diabetes to prioritize those who would require screening. Methods Overall, 1,189,113 patients who underwent two medical health checkup cycles (2009–2012 and 2011–2014) and had stable diabetic kidney disease (DKD) phenotype in the Korean National Health Insurance Service database were included in this study. After excluding those with concurrent proteinuria (PU) and reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate, three groups (no-DKD, PU^+DKD, and PU^−DKD) were identified. A fatty liver index of ≥ 60 was defined as metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). Patients were followed up until December 2018 or until outcomes developed. The Cox proportional hazard model was used to compare the risk of hospitalization for heart failure across groups. Results During an average of 6.6 years of follow-up, 5781 patients developed hospitalization for heart failure. After adjusting for covariates, the risk of hospitalization for heart failure was highest in the PU^+DKD group [HR 3.12, 95% CI (2.75–3.55)], followed by the PU^−DKD group [HR 1.85, 95% CI (1.73–1.99)] using the no-DKD group as the reference category. The risk of hospitalization for heart failure was comparable regardless of MAFLD status in patients who already had DKD. However, in the no-DKD group, the risk of hospitalization for heart failure was 1.4 times higher in patients with MAFLD than in those without [HR 1.41, 95% CI (1.31–1.52)]. Conclusions In lines with the international consensus statement, we suggest that annual cardiac biomarker testing should be conducted at least in patients with DKD and/or MAFLD.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common but fatal complication after cardiac surgery. In the absence of effective treatments, the identification and modification of risk factors has been a major component of disease management. However, the optimal blood pressure target for preventing cardiac surgery-associated acute kidney injury (CSA-AKI) remains unclear. We sought to determine the effect of postoperative mean arterial pressure (MAP) in CSA-AKI. It is hypothesized that longer periods of hypotension after cardiac surgery are associated with an increased risk of AKI. This prospective cohort study was conducted on adult patients who underwent cardiac surgery requiring cardiopulmonary bypass at a tertiary center between October 2018 and May 2020. The primary outcome is the occurrence of CSA-AKI. MAP and its duration in the ranges of less than 65, 65 to 74, and 75 to 84 mmHg within 24 h after surgery were recorded. The association between postoperative MAP and CSA-AKI was examined by using logistic regression. Among the 353 patients enrolled, 217 (61.5%) had a confirmed diagnosis of CSA-AKI. Each 1 h epoch of postoperative MAP less than 65 mmHg was associated with an adjusted odds ratio of 1.208 (95% CI, 1.007 to 1.449; P  = 0.042), and each 1 h epoch of postoperative MAP between 65 and 74 mmHg was associated with an adjusted odds ratio of 1.144 (95% CI, 1.026 to 1.275; P  = 0.016) for CSA-AKI. A potentially modifiable risk factor, postoperative MAP less than 75 mmHg for 1 h or more is associated with an increased risk of CSA-AKI.
Progression to acute kidney injury (AKI) under treatment in adult congenital heart disease (ACHD) patients with heart failure is associated with poor prognosis, early detection and interventions are necessary. We aimed to explore the utility of urinary liver-type fatty acid binding protein (L-FABP) in ACHD patients hospitalized for acute decompensated heart failure (ADHF). We prospectively evaluated hemodynamic, biochemical data, and urinary biomarkers including urinary L-FABP in ACHD patients hospitalized in our institution from June 2019 to March 2022. The primary outcomes were the development of AKI and death. AKI was defined as serum creatinine level increased by 0.3 mg/dl or more within 5 days after hospitalization. A total of 104 ADHF patients aged 31 (36–51) years were enrolled. 26 cases (25% of ADHF patients) developed AKI during hospitalization and 4 died after hospital discharge. Serum creatinine (sCr), serum total bilirubin, brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), and urinary L-FABP in AKI patients were significantly higher than in non-AKI patients, whereas systemic oxygen saturation of the peripheral artery (SpO_2) and estimated glomerular filtration ratio in AKI patients were lower than non-AKI patients. There was no difference in the intravenous diuretic dose on admission and during hospitalization between the two groups. In the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis, the maximum area under the curve (AUC) of urinary biomarkers in AKI patients was urinary L-FABP (AUC = 0.769, p  < 0.001) with a cutoff value of 4.86 µg/gCr. Urinary L-FABP level on admission was associated with a predictor for AKI development during hospitalization after adjusting for sCr, BNP and SpO_2. Urinary L-FABP was a useful predictor for the development of AKI in ACHD patients hospitalized for ADHF. Monitoring of urinary L-FABP allows us to detect a high-risk patient earlier than the conventional biomarkers.
Dietary exposure of selected Hofmeister ions—fluoride, chloride, sulfate, phosphate, sodium, potassium, magnesium, and calcium from black tea consumption in chronic kidney disease of unknown etiology (CKDu) prevalent areas in Sri Lanka—were assessed in order to understand exposure and risk. Black tea samples ( n  = 25) were collected from CKDu prevalent areas and control areas ( n  = 15). Total fluoride content in alkali fused digested black tea samples was determined. The available Hofmeister ions in tea infusions prepared using deionized water and the groundwater collected by CKDu endemic areas were compared. Dietary exposure was calculated by chronic daily intake data. Total fluoride concentrations ranged from 80 to 269 mg/kg in tea collected from the CKDu endemic regions and 62.5–123.5 mg/kg in non-endemic regions. The fluoride content in infusions ranged from 1.45 to 2.04 mg/L in CKDu endemic areas and 1.11–1.38 mg/L in control samples. The infusions prepared with local groundwater from the CKDu endemic areas showed an elevated level of fluoride 95% than that of the infusion prepared using same tea with deionized water. Aggregated chronic daily intake value from tea and groundwater exceeds the estimated adequate daily intake value of fluoride. The hazard quotient (HQ) values of fluoride in 5 min and 120 min tea infusions were 1.60 and 2.20, respectively, and indicate an adverse health risk. Potassium content in tea infusions collected from CKDu endemic areas is higher than in the control. Even though these values are less than the adequate intake, it may pose an impairment on a weak kidney. Chronic daily intake of Hofmeister ions, i.e., fluoride and potassium from black tea consumed in CKDu endemic areas may induce a risk for CKDu. Graphical abstract 
The purpose of this study was to investigate the protective effect and mechanism of selenomethionine (SeMet) on ochratoxin A (OTA)–induced nephrotoxicity in rabbits. In total, sixty Ira rabbits were randomly divided into 5 groups (the control group, OTA group, 0. 2 mg/kg SeMet + OTA group, 0. 4 mg/kg SeMet + OTA group, and 0. 6 mg/kg SeMet + OTA group). The rabbits were fed diets supplemented with different doses of SeMet for 21 days and given 0. 2 mg/kg OTA starting on day 15 for a week. The results showed that the SeMet supplementation could improve the changes in blood physiological indices and renal function decline caused by OTA poisoning, and alleviate pathological kidney injury in the rabbits. SeMet also increased the activities of total antioxidant capacity, superoxide dismutase, and glutathione peroxidase, and decreased the contents of malondialdehyde and reactive oxygen species and the expression of interleukin-1β, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor-α in the damaged kidneys of the rabbits. In addition, the expression of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) and its downstream gene heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1) was also inhibited after OTA poisoning, while SeMet activated the Nrf2 signaling pathway and enhanced the expression of Nrf2 and the downstream gene HO-1. In conclusion, SeMet protected against kidney injury caused by OTA in rabbits, and the mechanism may be the activation of the Nrf2 signaling pathway.
Purpose Previous studies have pointed to the role of parathormone (PTH) in the development of simple renal cysts. However, there is insufficient evidence related to simple renal cysts in primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT). Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the prevalence and risk factors associated with renal cysts in PHPT patients. Methods In this retrospective study, we included 235 patients treated surgically for PHPT and 147 control subjects. The clinical and physical examination findings, laboratory test results, and neck and urinary system ultrasonography examination findings were evaluated. Postoperative parathyroid adenoma volume and weight were also recorded. Results Simple renal cysts were found in 53 PHPT patients (22.6%) and in 15 control subjects (10.2%) ( p  = 0.002). Kidney stones were found in 33 PHPT patients (14%) and in only seven control subjects (4.8%) ( p  = 0.004). The presence of PHPT and high PTH levels independently supported the development of a simple renal cyst. Advanced age was determined as a risk factor for the development of simple renal cysts, and the presence of kidney stones was an independent predictor of simple renal cysts in PHPT patients. There was no relationship between the presence of simple renal cysts and the volume and weight of parathyroid adenoma. Conclusion A diagnosis of PHPT, high PTH levels, advanced age, and kidney stones are independent risk factors for simple renal cysts in PHPT patients. These patients should be evaluated regularly for complications of renal cysts and nephrolithiasis.
Background Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are key regulators of gene expression. Some studies have reported the association of polymorphisms in lncRNA genes with diabetes mellitus (DM) and its chronic complications, including diabetic kidney disease (DKD); however, the results are still inconclusive. Thus, we investigated the association of the rs3200401/ MALAT1 , rs1894720/ MIAT , rs3931283/ PVT1 , rs11993333/ PVT1 , rs5749201/ TUG1 , and rs7158663/ MEG3 polymorphisms with DKD in patients with type 2 DM (T2DM). Methods and results This study comprised 902 patients with T2DM and DKD (cases) and 394 patients with T2DM without DKD (controls). The six polymorphisms of interest were genotyped by real-time PCR using TaqMan probes. Frequency of the rs3931283/ PVT1 G/G genotype was 36.2% in cases and 31.9% in controls (P = 0.331). After adjustment for gender, glycated hemoglobin, HDL cholesterol, ethnicity, hypertension, and diabetic retinopathy, the G/G genotype was associated with risk for DKD (OR = 1.625, 95% CI 1.020–2.588; P = 0.041). The rs3931283/ PVT1 G/G genotype was also associated with higher urinary albumin excretion levels compared to A allele carriers (P = 0.017). No difference was found in rs7158663/ MEG3 genotype frequencies between T2DM controls and DKD patients (OR = 1.087, 95% CI 0.686–1.724; P = 0.722). However, the rs7158663/ MEG3 G/G genotype was associated with protection against severe DKD (OR = 0.694, 95% CI 0.488–0.989; P = 0.043, for patients with severe DKD vs. T2DM controls). The rs7158663/ MEG3 G/G genotype was also associated with lower creatinine levels (P = 0.007) and higher estimated glomerular filtration rate (P = 0.010) compared to A allele carriers. No association was found between the rs11993333/ PVT1 , rs3200401/ MALAT1 , rs1894720/ MIAT , and rs5749201/ TUG1 polymorphisms and DKD or its laboratory markers. Conclusion The rs3931283/ PVT1 G/G and rs7158663/ MEG3 G/G are associated with DKD and markers of renal function in T2DM patients from a Brazilian population.
Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is a common microvascular complication of diabetes mellitus, and oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction play an important role in this process. It has been shown that aldose reductase (ALR2) catalyzes NADPH-dependent reduction of glucose to sorbitol, resulting in oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction in diabetic patients. Astragalin (AG), a flavonoid extracted from Thesium chinense Turcz., shows an inhibitory activity on ALR2. In this study, we investigated the therapeutic effects of AG against renal injury in streptozocin (STZ)-induced diabetic mouse model. Diabetic mice were orally administered AG (5, 10 mg·kg^−1·d^−1) for 4 weeks. We showed that AG treatment greatly improved the proteinuria and ameliorated renal pathological damage without affecting the elevated blood glucose in diabetic mice. Furthermore, AG treatment significantly suppressed highly activated ALR2, and reduced oxidative stress in the kidney of diabetic mice and in high glucose and lipids-stimulated HK2 cells in vitro. We demonstrated that AG treatment modulated mitochondrial quality control and ameliorated apoptosis, boosting mitochondrial biogenesis, maintaining mitochondrial dynamic homeostasis, and improving energy metabolism disorder in vivo and in vitro. In high glucose and lipids-stimulated HK2 cells, we found that AG (20 μM) restored the phosphorylation level of AMPK, and upregulated the expression and transcriptional activity of PGC1α, whereas treatment with H_2O_2, blockade of AMPK with Compound C or knockdown of AMPKα with siRNA abolished the protective effect of AG on mitochondrial function, suggesting that antioxidant effects and activation of AMPK-dependent PGC1α pathway might be the molecular mechanisms underlying the protective effects of AG on mitochondrial quality control. We conclude that AG could be a promising drug candidate for the treatment of diabetic renal injury through activating AMPK.
Objectives To explore the diagnostic potential of texture analysis applied to native T1 maps obtained from cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) images for the assessment of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) among patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Methods This study, conducted from June 2018 to November 2020, included 119 patients (35 on hemodialysis, 55 on peritoneal dialysis, and 29 with kidney transplants) in Renji Hospital. Native T1 maps were assessed with texture analysis, using a freely available software package, in participants who underwent cardiac MRI at 3.0 T. Four texture features, selected by dimension reduction specific to the diagnosis of HFpEF, were analyzed. Multivariate logistic regression was performed to examine the independent association between the selected features and HFpEF in ESRD patients. Results Seventy-six of 119 patients were diagnosed with HFpEF. Demographic, laboratory, cardiac MRI, and echocardiogram characteristics were compared between HFpEF and non-HFpEF groups. The four texture features that were analyzed showed statistically significant differences between groups. In multivariate analysis, age, left atrial volume index (LAVI), and sum average 4 (SA4) turned out to be independent predictors for HFpEF in ESRD patients. Combining the texture feature, SA4, with typical predictive factors resulted in higher C-index (0.923 vs. 0.898, p = 0.045) and a sensitivity and specificity of 79.2% and 95.2%, respectively. Conclusions Texture analysis of T1 maps adds diagnostic value to typical clinical parameters for the assessment of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in patients with end-stage renal disease. Key Points • Non-invasive assessment of HFpEF can help predict prognosis in ESRD patients and help them take timely preventative measures. • Texture analysis of native T1 maps adds diagnostic value to the typical clinical parameters for the assessment of HFpEF in patients with ESRD.
Background Topical non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) have lower risks for cardiovascular disease and gastrointestinal adverse effects compared to oral NSAIDs, but there are little data regarding their kidney risks in chronic kidney disease (CKD). We evaluated the risk of adverse acute kidney outcomes in CKD according to route of NSAID administration. Methods Retrospective cohort study of adults with CKD (eGFR less than 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2) who received prescriptions between 2015 and 2017 from a major healthcare cluster in Singapore. The adverse acute kidney outcomes were acute kidney injury (AKI) and need for nephrology specialist consult within 30 days. Results Among 6298 adults with CKD (mean age 72.1 ± 13.3 years and eGFR 41.9 ± 12.2 ml/min/1.73 m^2), systemic and topical NSAIDs were prescribed in 16.7% and 32.0%, respectively. Incident AKI (any severity), KDIGO Stage 2 or 3 AKI, and need for nephrology specialist consult occurred in 16.7%, 2.6%, and 10.6% of the study cohort, respectively. After adjusting for age, diabetes, recent cardiovascular hospitalization, baseline eGFR, RAAS blocker and diuretic, systemic NSAIDs, and topical NSAIDs, compared with the no-NSAID group, were independently associated with incident AKI [adjusted OR 1.77 (95% CI 1.46–2.15) and 1.38 (1.18–1.63), respectively]. Moderate and severe AKI (adjusted OR 1.68, 95% CI 1.09–2.58, p  = 0.02) and need for nephrology consults (adjusted OR 1.41, 95% CI 1.09–1.82, p  = 0.008) were also increased in systemic NSAIDs. Conclusion Among adults with CKD, both systemic and topical NSAIDs were independently associated with acute adverse kidney outcomes.
The renal renin-angiotensin system (RAS) is involved in the development of chronic kidney disease. Here, we investigated whether mice with reduced renal angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE^−/−) are protected against aristolochic acid nephropathy (AAN). To further elucidate potential molecular mechanisms, we assessed the renal abundances of several major RAS components. AAN was induced using aristolochic acid I (AAI). Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was determined using inulin clearance and renal protein abundances of renin, angiotensinogen, angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) 2, and Mas receptor (Mas) were determined in ACE^−/− and C57BL/6J control mice by Western blot analyses. Renal ACE activity was determined using a colorimetric assay and renal angiotensin (Ang) (1–7) concentration was determined by ELISA. GFR was similar in vehicle-treated mice of both strains. AAI decreased GFR in controls but not in ACE^−/− mice. Furthermore, AAI decreased renal ACE activity in controls but not in ACE^−/− mice. Vehicle-treated ACE^−/− mice had significantly higher renal ACE2 and Mas protein abundances than controls. AAI decreased renal ACE2 protein abundance in both strains. Furthermore, AAI increased renal Mas protein abundance, although the latter effect did not reach statistical significance in the ACE^−/− mice. Renal Ang(1–7) concentration was similar in vehicle-treated mice of both strains. AAI increased renal Ang(1–7) concentration in the ACE^−/− mice but not in the controls. Mice with reduced renal ACE are protected against AAN. Our data suggest that in the face of renal ACE deficiency, AAI may activate the ACE2/Ang(1–7)/Mas axis, which in turn may deploy its reno-protective effects.
Background The association between microscopic hematuria (MH) and albuminuria in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) caused by diabetes and hypertension remains unclear. Methods The Fukuoka Kidney disease Registry Study is a Japanese multicenter prospective cohort study of 4476 patients with non-dialysis-dependent CKD. In this cohort, we conducted a cross-sectional study in 994 patients with diabetic nephropathy and hypertensive nephrosclerosis. Patients were divided into three groups according to erythrocyte count in urine sediment [T1: < 5/high power field (HPF); T2: 5–9/HPF; T3: ≥ 10/HPF]. Macroalbuminuria was defined as urinary albumin-creatinine ratio > 300 mg/g. Associations between the degree of MH (T1–T3) and the prevalence of macroalbuminuria were analyzed using logistic regression. Results The prevalence of macroalbuminuria was 50.8%, 50.4%, and 67.4% in T1 ( n  = 725), T2 ( n  = 226), and T3 ( n  = 43), respectively. The multivariable-adjusted odds ratios for the presence of macroalbuminuria were 0.95 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.65–1.39; P  = 0.86] and 2.50 (95% CI 1.15–5.47; P  = 0.022) for patients in T2 and T3, respectively, compared with patients in T1. Conclusions MH with erythrocytes ≥ 10/HPF was significantly associated with increased prevalence of macroalbuminuria in patients with non-dialysis-dependent CKD caused by diabetes and hypertension.
A monoclonal antibody (mAb) was produced against a fluvoxamine (FLV)-bovine serum albumin conjugate that was specific to both the conjugate and free form of FLV. The mAb enabled us to develop an immunohistochemistry (IHC) method for pharmacokinetic analysis of FLV at the cell and tissue levels. We demonstrated that IHC can be used to detect the localization of FLV in the small intestine, kidney, and liver 1 h after drug administration at the cell and tissue levels. Protease digestion is an important factor for obtaining appropriate IHC staining results for localization of drugs. In this study, precise FLV localization could be determined with only 1 h of protease digestion in the kidneys, but in the small intestine and liver, the staining results with two digestive conditions had to be merged. IHC provided new findings, such as (1) nerve cells are likely to uptake more FLV than other cells and tissues; (2) the ability of reabsorption and secretion in the kidney varies depending on the site, and the amount of FLV in the primary urine is regulated downstream of the proximal tubule S3 segment; and (3) some of the FLV is excreted in the bile.
Pelviureteric junction obstruction, also known as ureteropelvic junction obstruction, is a congenital narrowing of the urinary excretory tract at the junction between the renal pelvis and the ureter and is a common cause of congenital pelvicalyceal dilatation. The outcome is variable, from spontaneous resolution to renal parenchymal function loss in cases of untreated high-grade obstruction. Abnormalities in renal ascent, rotation and vascularity can be associated with pelviureteric junction obstruction and easily overlooked radiologically. In this pictorial review, we explore the anatomical, radiological and surgical correlations of pelviureteric junction obstruction in the context of a normal kidney and a spectrum of renal abnormalities, including hyper-rotation (also known as renal malrotation), failed renal ascent, fusion anomalies and accessory crossing renal vessels. For each scenario, we provide technical tips on how to identify the altered anatomy at the first ultrasound assessment and correlation with scintigraphic, cross-sectional and postoperative imaging where appropriate. A detailed ultrasound protocol specifically to assess and characterise pelviureteric junction obstruction in paediatric patients is also offered.
Kidney markets are prohibited in principle because they are assumed to undermine the seller’s dignity. Considering the trade-off between saving more lives by introducing regulated kidney markets and preserving the seller’s dignity, we argue that it is advisable to demand that citizens restrain their own moral judgements and not interfere with the judgements of those who are willing to sell a kidney. We also argue that it is advisable not only to limit the political implications of the moral argument of dignity concerns toward a market-based solution but also to re-evaluate the dignity argument itself. First, if the dignity argument is to be given normative force, it must also consider the dignity violation of the potential transplant recipient. Second, there seems to be no compelling notion of dignity that demonstrates why it is morally permissible to donate but not to sell a kidney.
Objective Acute kidney injury (AKI) seriously affects the health of both pregnant women and fetuses. This study aimed to investigate the clinical characteristics and prognosis of pregnancy-related AKI (PR-AKI). Methods This case series study enrolled pregnant women with PR-AKI admitted to the surgical intensive care unit of Xinhua Hospital affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine between January 2010 and December 2020. Results Thirty-one PR-AKI patients were enrolled with a mean age of 29.16 ± 4.97 years. Seventeen pregnant women (54.84%) had complete recovery of renal function, 5 (16.13%) had partial recovery of renal function, 2 (6.45%) patients had no renal function improvement, and 7 (22.58%) died. Among the 31 patients with 35 fetuses, 25 (80.6%) pregnant women had poor fetal outcomes, including 5 cases of stillbirths, 5 neonatal asphyxia, 18 premature births, 10 low birth weight, and 8 deficient birth weight infants. Compared to cases with good fetal outcomes, cases with poor fetal outcomes had significantly shorter gestational weeks (39.26 ± 1.53 vs. 31.62 ± 5.50, P  = 0.002), lower platelet count (217.13 ± 122.87 vs. 90.24 ± 84.88, P  = 0.005), lower hemoglobin (94.19 ± 13.21 vs. 74.48 ± 20.78, P  = 0.036), higher blood urea nitrogen (11.87 ± 4.28 vs. 19.47 ± 10.98, P  = 0.013), and higher uric acid (262.41 ± 167.00 vs. 586.87 ± 144.52, P  < 0.001). Conclusions The maternal renal function of women with PR-AKI might improve after treatment, but occurrence rates of adverse fetal outcomes were still high.
Background Since Shiraz Transplant Center is one of the major transplant centers in Iran and the Middle East, this study was conducted to evaluate outcomes of the applied policies on COVID-19 detection and management. Methods During 4 months from March to June 2020, patient's data diagnosed with the impression of COVID-19 were extracted and evaluated based on demographic and clinical features, along with the length of hospital stay and expenses. Results Our data demonstrated that a total of 190 individuals, with a median age of 58, were diagnosed with COVID-19 during the mentioned period. Among these, 21 patients had a positive PCR test and 56 patients had clinical symptoms in favor of COVID-19. Also, 113 (59%) patients were classified as mild based on clinical evidence and were treated on an outpatient basis. Furthermore, 81 out of 450 cases (18%) of the healthcare workers at our center had either PCR of clinical features in favor of COVID-19. The mortality rate of our study was 11% and diabetes mellitus, hypertension were considered risk factors for obtaining COVID-19 infection. The direct cost of treatment and management of patients with COVID-19 amounted to 2,067,730,919 IRR, which considering the 77 patients admitted to Gary Zone per capita direct cost of treatment each patient was 26,853,648 IRR. Conclusion We demonstrated that the COVID-19 pandemic had a noticeable influence on our transplant center in aspects of delaying surgery and increased hospital costs and burden. However, by implanting proper protocols, we were able to was able to provide early detection for COVID-19 and apply necessary treatment and prevention protocols to safeguard the patients under its coverage, especially immunocompromised patients.
Objectives The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of tissue fibrosis and microvessel density on shear wave–based ultrasound elastography (SWUE) of chronic kidney disease (CKD). In addition, we were looking to see whether SWUE could predict stage of CKD, correlating with the histology on kidney biopsy. Methods Renal tissue sections from 54 patients diagnosed with suspected CKD were subjected to immunohistochemistry (CD31 and CD34), and the degree of tissue fibrosis was assessed using Masson staining. Before renal puncture, both kidneys were examined using SWUE. Comparative analysis was used to assess the correlation between SWUE and microvessel density, and between SWUE and the degree of fibrosis. Results Fibrosis area according to Masson staining ( p  < 0.05) and integrated optical density (IOD) ( p  < 0.05) were positively correlated with CKD stage. The percentage of positive area (PPA) and IOD for CD31 and CD34 were not correlated with CKD stage ( p  > 0.05). When stage 1 CKD was removed, PPA and IOD for CD34 were negatively correlated with CKD stage ( p  < 0.05). Masson staining fibrosis area and IOD were not correlated with SWUE ( p  > 0.05), PPA and IOD for CD31 and CD34 were not correlated with SWUE ( p  > 0.05) and, finally, no correlation between SWUE and CKD stage was found ( p  > 0.05). Conclusion The diagnostic value of SWUE for CKD staging was very low. The utility of SWUE in CKD was affected by many factors and its diagnostic value was limited. Key Points • There was no correlation between SWUE and the degree of fibrosis, or between SWUE and microvessel density among patients with CKD. • There was no correlation between SWUE and CKD stage and the diagnostic value of SWUE for CKD staging was very low. • The utility of SWUE in CKD is affected by many factors and its value was limited.
Kidney stones are a common disease that threatens human health on a global scale and are closely related to the contemporary environment. The strontium isotope ratio (^87Sr/^86Sr) has been widely used to trace the migration of ancient humans through bones and teeth, which recorded their bioavailable Sr from the environment. However, no ^87Sr/^86Sr data for kidney stones have been reported. Therefore, this study explored the Sr content of kidney stones and reported their ^87Sr/^86Sr data for the first time to reflect the environmental implications for humans; 66 calcium oxalate kidney stones collected in Beijing were measured for calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg) and strontium (Sr) content to explore Sr distribution behavior in kidney stones, and 17 samples were tested for strontium isotopes. Ca and Mg had a joint effect on the Sr content of kidney stones, with magnesium having a stronger effect, whereas ^87Sr/^86Sr values were unaffected by these elements. The ^87Sr/^86Sr values of kidney stones ranged from 0.709662 to 0.710990, within the range of environmental soil and water in Beijing. Drinking water and surface soils (representing food sources) mainly contributed to the bioavailable Sr of kidney stones, while sea spray and dust storm did not. This study is the first to report ^87Sr/^86Sr values for kidney stones. Evidence of Sr isotope ratios in kidney stones reveals environmental implications for humans and bioavailable Sr sources, demonstrating a great potential of Sr isotope ratios at the intersection of life and environmental sciences.
Objective To investigate protective effect of Cordyceps sinensis (CS) through autophagy-associated adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling pathway in acute kidney injury (AKI)-induced acute lung injury (ALI). Methods Forty-eight male Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into 4 groups according to a random number table, including the normal saline (NS)-treated sham group (sham group), NS-treated ischemia reperfusion injury (IRI) group (IRI group), and low- (5 g/kg·d) and high-dose (10 g/kg·d) CS-treated IRI groups (CS1 and CS2 groups), 12 rats in each group. Nephrectomy of the right kidney was performed on the IRI rat model that was subjected to 60 min of left renal pedicle occlusion followed by 12, 24, 48, and 72 h of reperfusion. The wet-to-dry (W/D) ratio of lung, levels of serum creatinine (Scr), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin- β and tumor necrosis factor- α, and biomarkers of oxidative stress such as superoxide dismutase, malonaldehyde (MDA) and myeloperoxidase (MPO), were assayed. Histological examinations were conducted to determine damage of tissues in the kidney and lung. The protein expressions of light chain 3 II/light chain 3 I (LC3-II/LC3-I), uncoordinated-51-like kinase 1 (ULK1), P62, AMPK and mTOR were measured by Western blot and immunohistochemistry, respectively. Results The renal IRI induced pulmonary injury following AKI, resulting in significant increases in W/D ratio of lung, and the levels of Scr, BUN, inflammatory cytokines, MDA and MPO ( P <0.01); all of these were reduced in the CS groups ( P <0.05 or P <0.01). Compared with the IRI groups, the expression levels of P62 and mTOR were significantly lower ( P <0.05 or P <0.01), while those of LC3-II/LC3-I, ULK1, and AMPK were significantly higher in the CS2 group ( P <0.05 or P <0.01). Conclusion CS had a potential in treating lung injury following renal IRI through activation of the autophagy-related AMPK/mTOR signaling pathway in AKI-induced ALI.
Background As modern medicine is advancing, younger, small, and more complex children are becoming multi-organ transplant candidates. This brings up new challenges in all aspects of their care. Methods We describe the first report of a small child receiving a simultaneous liver and kidney transplant and abdominal rectus sheath fascia transplant on the background of Williams syndrome and methylmalonic acidaemia. At the time of transplantation, the child was 3 years old, weighed 14.0 kg, had chronic kidney disease stage V, and had not yet started any other form of kidney replacement therapy. Results There were many anaesthetic, medical, metabolic, and surgical challenges to consider in this case. A long general anaesthetic time increased the risk of cardiac complications and metabolic decompensation. Additionally, the small size of the patient and the organ size mis-match meant that primary abdominal closure was not possible. The patient’s recovery was further complicated by sepsis, transient CNI toxicity, and de novo DSAs. Conclusions Through a multidisciplinary approach between 9 specialties in 4 hospitals across England and Wales, and detailed pre-operative planning, a good outcome was achieved for this child. An hour by hour management protocol was drafted to facilitate transplant and included five domains: 1. management at the time of organ offer; 2. before the admission; 3. at admission and before theatre time; 4. intra-operative management; and 5. post-operative management in the first 24 h. Importantly, gaining a clear and in depth understanding of the metabolic state of the patient pre- and peri-operatively was crucial in avoiding metabolic decompensation. Furthermore, an abdominal rectus sheath fascia transplant was required to achieve abdominal closure, which to our knowledge, had never been done before for this indication. Using our experience of this complex case, as well as our experience in transplanting other children with MMA, and through a literature review, we propose a new perioperative management pathway for this complex cohort of transplant recipients.
Background Sepsis prognosis correlates with antibiotic adequacy at the early phase. This adequacy is dependent on antibacterial spectrum, bacterial resistance profile and antibiotic dosage. Optimal efficacy of beta-lactams mandates concentrations above the minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) of the targeted bacteria for the longest time possible over the day. Septic acute kidney injury (AKI) is the most common AKI syndrome in ICU and often mandates renal replacement therapy (RRT) initiation. Both severe AKI and RRT may increase outside target antibiotic concentrations and ultimately alter patient’s prognosis. Patients and methods This is a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial that compared an early RRT initiation strategy with a delayed one in 620 critically ill patients undergoing severe AKI (defined by KDIGO 3). We compared beta-lactam trough concentrations between the two RRT initiation strategies. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients with sufficient trough plasma concentration of beta-lactams defined by trough concentration above 4 times the MIC. We hypothesized that early initiation of RRT could be associated with an insufficient antibiotic plasma trough concentration compared to patients allocated to the delayed strategy. Results One hundred and twelve patients were included: 53 in the early group and 59 in the delayed group. Eighty-three patients (74%) had septic shock on inclusion. Trough beta-lactam plasma concentration was above 4 times the MIC breakpoint in 80.4% ( n  = 90) of patients of the whole population, without differences between the early and the delayed groups (79.2% vs. 81.4%, respectively, p  = 0.78). On multivariate analysis, the presence of septic shock and a higher mean arterial pressure were significantly associated with a greater probability of adequate antibiotic trough concentration [OR 3.95 (1.14;13.64), p  = 0.029 and OR 1.05 (1.01;1.10), p  = 0.013, respectively). Evolution of procalcitonin level and catecholamine-free days as well as mortality did not differ whether beta-lactam trough concentration was above 4 times the MIC or not. Conclusions In this secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial, renal replacement therapy initiation strategy did not significantly influence plasma trough concentrations of beta-lactams in ICU patients with severe AKI. Presence of septic shock on inclusion was the main variable associated with a sufficient beta-lactam concentration. Trial registration : The AKIKI trial was registered on ClinicalTrials.gov (Identifier: NCT01932190) before the inclusion of the first patient.
Background Kidney transplantation (KT) has become the standard of care for patients with end-stage renal disease. However, as atherosclerosis progresses with time on dialysis, it causes increasing difficulties in implanting the graft. This is a comparative study analyzing complications and graft survival of recipients with iliac revascularization before transplantation. Methods Between January 2006 and December 2015, 1691 kidney transplants were performed at our institution. We retrospectively analyzed eighteen patients with peripheral arterial disease (PAD) with the necessity of vascular revascularization before kidney transplantation to protect the inflow to the renal graft and to optimizing blood supply to the extremities. The primary endpoint included patient survival and graft survival. The secondary endpoints evaluate perioperative and early postoperative complication rates after kidney transplantation. Results All patients enrolled in this study underwent two consecutive surgical procedures. No patient reported limb loss, and there was no additional perioperative morbidity or mortality related to the vascular procedure. Primary endpoints such as graft survival without dialysis and overall patient survival show 1-month survival of 100%, 1-year survival of 94.1%, and 5-year survival of 84.70%, respectively. One graft failure occurred 8 months after transplantation due to acute rejection, and there were two deaths over follow-up period due to myocardial infarction. Conclusions Vascular repair before kidney transplantation is safe, and results are suggestive that it prolongs graft survival. These promising results should encourage other centers to address vascular repair before the transplantation to optimize blood supply to the extremity and the future graft. Although, the interpretation of our results must be cautiously because of the small and heterogeneous sample size, and the limitations of retrospective study design. Prospective trials with larger study populations are needed to confirm the results of this study and to identify significant differences.
Background Inflammation plays an important role in the development of acute kidney injury (AKI). However, there are few studies exploring the prognostic influence of C-reactive protein to albumin ratio (CAR) among AKI patients. In this study, we investigated whether CAR could be a useful marker to predict the mortality of AKI. Methods A total of 358 AKI patients were extracted from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care III (MIMIC III) database. C-reactive protein (CRP) and albumin were measured at ICU admission. The clinical outcome was 365-day mortality. Cox proportional hazards model and Kaplan-Meier survival analysis were conducted to evaluate the association between CAR and outcome. Results Compared with patients in the survival group, nonsurvivors had higher CAR levels. The area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of CAR was higher than that of CRP and albumin for mortality (0.64 vs. 0.63, 0.59, respectively). The cut-off point of CAR for mortality was 7.23. In Cox proportional-hazard regression analysis, CAR (hazards ratio (HR) =2.04, 95% confidence interval (CI) =1.47-2.85, p  < 0.001 for higher CAR) and Simplified Acute Physiology Score II (HR = 1.02, 95%CI = 1.00-1.03, p  = 0.004) were independent predictors of 365-day mortality. Conclusions Our study demonstrated that a higher level of CAR was associated with 365-day mortality in AKI patients.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is increasingly recognized as a stroke risk factor, but its exact relationship with cerebrovascular disease is not well-understood. We investigated the development of cerebral small vessel disease using in vivo and in vitro models of CKD. Methods CKD was produced in aged C57BL/6J mice using an adenine-induced tubulointerstitial nephritis model. We analyzed brain histology using Prussian blue staining to examine formation of cerebral microhemorrhage (CMH), the hemorrhagic component of small vessel disease and the neuropathological substrate of MRI-demonstrable cerebral microbleeds. In cell culture studies, we examined effects of serum from healthy or CKD patients and gut-derived uremic toxins on brain microvascular endothelial barrier. Results CKD was induced in aged C57BL/6J mice with significant increases in both serum creatinine and cystatin C levels ( p  < 0.0001) without elevation of systolic or diastolic blood pressure. CMH was significantly increased and positively correlated with serum creatinine level (Spearman r  = 0.37, p  < 0.01). Moreover, CKD significantly increased Iba-1-positive immunoreactivity by 51% ( p  < 0.001), induced a phenotypic switch from resting to activated microglia, and enhanced fibrinogen extravasation across the blood–brain barrier (BBB) by 34% ( p  < 0.05). On analysis stratified by sex, the increase in CMH number was more pronounced in male mice and this correlated with greater creatinine elevation in male compared with female mice. Microglial depletion with PLX3397 diet significantly decreased CMH formation in CKD mice without affecting serum creatinine levels. Incubation of CKD serum significantly reduced transendothelial electrical resistance (TEER) ( p  < 0.01) and increased sodium fluorescein permeability ( p  < 0.05) across the endothelial monolayer. Uremic toxins (i.e., indoxyl sulfate, p-cresyl sulfate, and trimethylamine-N-oxide) in combination with urea and lipopolysaccharide induced a marked drop in TEER compared with the control group ( p  < 0.0001). Conclusions CKD promotes the development of CMH in aged mice independent of blood pressure but directly proportional to the degree of renal impairment. These effects of CKD are likely mediated in part by microglia and are associated with BBB impairment. The latter is likely related to gut-derived bacteria-dependent toxins classically associated with CKD. Overall, these findings demonstrate an important role of CKD in the development of cerebral small vessel disease.
Neutrophils are the most abundant leukocytes in the blood. They are rapidly mobilized from the circulation to sites of inflammation and/or infection. In affected tissues, neutrophils exhibit some dramatic antimicrobial functions, including degranulation, reactive oxygen species (ROS) production, phagocytosis, and formation of neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs). Like other cells of the immune system, after fulfilling their biological duties, they enter the path of death. Depending on the conditions, they may undergo different types of cell death (apoptosis, necrosis, necroptosis, autophagy, NETosis, and pyroptosis) that require the participation of multiple signaling pathways. NETosis is a unique neutrophil cell death mechanism that gives rise to different inflammatory and autoimmune pathological conditions. Recent studies have shown that NETosis also plays a role in the formation and/or progression of kidney diseases. This review discusses the underlying mechanism of NETosis and its relationship with some major kidney diseases in light of the current knowledge.
Purpose Although systolic blood pressure (SBP) is associated with acute renal injury (AKI), the relationship between baseline SBP and prognosis in critically ill patients with AKI is unclear. We aimed to assess the linearity and profile of the relationship between SBP at intensive care unit (ICU) admission and in-hospital mortality in these patients. Methods Data of AKI patients in the ICU settings were extracted from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care III database. The association between seven SBP categories (< 100, 100–109, 110–119, 120–129, 130–139, 140–149, and ≥ 150 mmHg) and all-cause in-hospital mortality was assessed by Cox proportional hazard models. Restricted cubic spline analysis for the multivariate Cox model was performed to explore the shape of the relationship between SBP and mortality. Results A total of 24,202 patients with AKI were included in this study. A typically U-shaped relationship was found between SBP at admission and in-hospital mortality. Among all SBP categories, the lowest risk of death was observed in patients with SBP around 110–119 mmHg, whereas the highest was noted in patients with extremely low SBP (< 100 mmHg), followed by those with extremely high SBP (≥ 150 mmHg). SBP showed a significant interaction with vasopressor use and AKI stage in relation to the risk of in-hospital mortality. Conclusions SBP upon admission showed a non-linear association with all-cause in-hospital mortality in critically ill patients with AKI. Patients with low or high SBP show an increased risk of mortality compared to patients with normal SBP.
Purpose The COVID-19 pandemic may have an impact on the long-term kidney function of survivors. The clinical relevance is not clear. Methods This review summarises the currently published data. Results There is a bidirectional relationship between chronic kidney disease and COVID-19 disease. Chronic kidney diseases due to primary kidney disease or chronic conditions affecting kidneys increase the susceptibility to COVID-19 infection, the risks for progression and critical COVID-19 disease (with acute or acute-on-chronic kidney damage), and death. Patients who have survived COVID-19 face an increased risk of worse kidney outcomes in the post-acute phase of the disease. Of clinical significance, COVID-19 may predispose surviving patients to chronic kidney disease, independently of clinically apparent acute kidney injury (AKI). The increased risk of post-acute renal dysfunction of COVID-19 patients can be graded according to the severity of the acute infection (non-hospitalised, hospitalised or ICU patients). The burden of chronic kidney disease developing after COVID-19 is currently unknown. Conclusion Post-acute COVID-19 care should include close attention to kidney function. Future prospective large-scale studies are needed with long and complete follow-up periods, assessing kidney function using novel markers of kidney function/damage, urinalysis and biopsy studies.
Purpose The association between sarcopenia of kidney transplant recipients and outcome after kidney transplantation (KT) has not yet been fully understood and is still considered controversial. The aim of our study was to analyze the impact of pre-transplant sarcopenia on graft function, postoperative complication rates, and survival of the patients after renal transplantation. Methods In this retrospective single-center study, all patients who underwent KT (01/2013–12/2017) were included. Demographic data, rejection rates, delayed graft function, and graft and patient survival rates were analyzed. Sarcopenia was measured in computed tomography images by the sex-adjusted Hounsfield unit average calculation (HUAC). Results During the study period, 111 single KTs (38 women and 73 men) were performed. Living donor kidney transplants were performed in 48.6%. In total, 32.4% patients had sarcopenia. Sarcopenic patients were significantly older (59.6 years vs. 49.8 years; p  < 0.001), had a higher body mass index (BMI = 27.6 kg/m^2 vs. 25.0 kg/m^2; p  = 0.002), and were more likely to receive deceased donor kidneys (72.2% vs. 41.3%; p  = 0.002). Interestingly, 3 years after KT, the creatinine serum levels were significantly higher (2.0 mg/dl vs. 1.5 mg/dl; p  = 0.001), whereas eGFR (39.9 ml/min vs. 53.4 ml/min; p  = 0.001) and graft survival were significantly lower ( p  = 0.004) in sarcopenic transplant recipients. Sarcopenic patients stayed in hospital significantly longer postoperatively than those who were non-sarcopenic. Conclusions At the time of kidney transplantation, sarcopenia was found to predict reduced long-term graft function and diminished graft survival after KT. The early identification of sarcopenic patients can not only enable an optimized selection of recipients, but also the initiation of pre-habilitation programs during the waiting period.
Background Pierson syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive disorder that causes congenital nephrotic syndrome, neurodevelopmental abnormalities, and several ocular signs. The Pierson syndrome is caused by a mutation of the LAMB2 gene, that encodes laminin beta 2, which is expressed in the glomerular basement membrane, in neuromuscular junctions, and within ocular structures. First described by Pierson et al., the ocular signs of Pierson syndrome include microcoria, which is most characteristic sign, as well as iris abnormalities, cataract, glaucoma, and retinal detachment. Case presentation Herein, we report the case of a young female who, at 16 months, was diagnosed with congenital nephrotic syndrome, subsequently underwent a kidney transplant at age 4,did cataract surgery with IOL implantation in both eyes at age of 2 years and presented with ocular signs including high myopia, band keratopathy, t, nystagmus, retina, and optic nerve atrophy, she did not show nor did the family report any neurodevelopmental abnormalities. her genetic studies this missense variant c.970T< C p. (Cys324Arg) of LAMB2, later she developed spontaneous hyphema along with vitreous haemorrhage and increased intra ocular pressure in her left eye, she underwent cyclophotocouagulation to treat her high IOP. Conclusion LAMB 2 mutations can be associated with multiple ocular signs that varies from mild to severe form, we are her to report our case who did not present with the typical ocular sign of microcoria for PS, did not have any neurodevelopmental  abnormality and presented with hyphaemia 2ndry to iris neovascularisation with vitreous haemorrhage with neovascular glaucoma.
Introduction In the advanced stage of chronic kidney disease (CKD), electrolytes, fluids, and metabolic wastes including various uremic toxins, accumulate at high concentrations in the patients’ blood. Hemodialysis (HD) is the conventional procedure used worldwide to remove metabolic wastes. The creatinine and urea levels have been routinely monitored to estimate kidney function and effectiveness of the HD process. This study, first from in Indian perspective, aimed at the identification and quantification of major uremic toxins in CKD patients on maintenance HD (PRE-HD), and compared with the healthy controls (HC) as well as after HD (POST-HD). Objectives The study mainly focused on the identification of major uremic toxins in Indian perspective and the quantitative analysis of indoxyl sulfate and p-cresol sulfate (routinely targeted uremic toxins), and phenyl sulfate, catechol sulfate, and guaiacol sulfate (targeted for the first time), apart from creatinine and urea in PRE-HD, POST-HD, and HC groups. Methods Blood samples were collected from 90 HD patients (both PRE-HD and POST-HD), and 74 HCs. The plasma samples were subjected to direct ESI-HRMS and LC/HRMS for untargeted metabolomics and LC-MS/MS for quantitative analysis. Results Various known uremic toxins, and a few new and unknown peaks were detected in PRE-HD patients. The p-cresol sulfate and indoxyl sulfate were dominant in PRE-HD, the concentrations of phenyl sulfate, catechol sulfate, and guaiacol sulfate were about 50% of that of indoxyl sulfate. Statistical evaluation on the levels of targeted uremic toxins in PRE-HD, POST-HD, and HC groups showed a significant difference among the three groups. The dialytic clearance of indoxyl sulfate and p-cresol sulfate was found to be < 35%, while that of the other three sulfates was 50–58%. Conclusion LC-MS/MS method was developed and validated to evaluate five major uremic toxins in CKD patients on HD. The levels of the targeted uremic toxins could be used to assess kidney function and the effectiveness of HD.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) refers to a tricky clinical disease, known by its high morbidity and mortality, with no real specific medicine for AKI. The carbonization product from Pollen Typhae (i.e., Pu-huang in China) has been extensively employed in clinic, and it is capable of relieving the renal damage and other diseases in China since acient times. Results Inspired by the carbonization process of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM), a novel species of carbon dots derived from Pollen Typhae (PT-CDs) was separated and then collected using a one-pot pyrolysis method. The as-prepared PT-CDs (4.85 ± 2.06 nm) with negative charge and abundant oxygenated groups exhibited high solubility, and they were stable in water. Moreover, the rhabdomyolysis (RM)-induced AKI rat model was used, and it was first demonstrated that PT-CDs had significant activity in improving the level of BUN and CRE, urine volume and kidney index, and histopathological morphology in RM-induced AKI rats. It is noteworthy that interventions of PT-CDs significantly reduced degree of inflammatory reaction and oxidative stress, which may be correlated with the basial potential mechanism of anti-AKI activities. Furthermore, cytotoxicity assay and biosafety evaluation exhibited high biocompatibility of PT-CDs. Conclusion This study offers a novel relieving strategy for AKI based on PT-CDs and suggests its potential to be a related candidate for clinical applications. Graphical Abstract 
The molecular basis of chloride transport varies all along the nephron depending on the tubular segments especially in the apical entry of the cell. The major chloride exit pathway during reabsorption is provided by two kidney-specific ClC chloride channels ClC-Ka and ClC-Kb (encoded by CLCNKA and CLCNKB gene, respectively) corresponding to rodent ClC-K1 and ClC-K2 (encoded by Clcnk1 and Clcnk2 ). These channels function as dimers and their trafficking to the plasma membrane requires the ancillary protein Barttin (encoded by BSND gene). Genetic inactivating variants of the aforementioned genes lead to renal salt-losing nephropathies with or without deafness highlighting the crucial role of ClC-Ka, ClC-Kb, and Barttin in the renal and inner ear chloride handling. The purpose of this chapter is to summarize the latest knowledge on renal chloride structure peculiarity and to provide some insight on the functional expression on the segments of the nephrons and on the related pathological effects.
Background A patient with chronic kidney disease and recurrent catheter-related thrombosis. Case presentation The patient had femoral vein thrombosis and was scheduled for laparoscopically assisted continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis catheter insertion. The chief concerns during the perioperative period were the risk of pulmonary thromboembolism, limited venous access, and risk of bleeding as the patient was on anticoagulation therapy. Meticulous attention was paid to history, clinical examination, and to the ongoing treatment with regard to risk of systemic thrombosis. Conclusions Management was tailored according to risk of thrombosis and bleeding during perioperative period along with identification adverse events associated with anticoagulation and preparedness for management of pulmonary embolism.
Background Clinical algorithms that incorporate race as a modifying factor to guide clinical decision-making have recently been criticized for propagating racial bias in medicine. Equations used to calculate lung or kidney function are examples of clinical algorithms that have different diagnostic parameters depending on an individual’s race. While these clinical measures have multiple implications for clinical care, patients’ awareness of and their perspectives on the application of such algorithms are unknown. Objective To examine patients’ perspectives on race and the use of race-based algorithms in clinical decision-making. Design Qualitative study using semi-structured interviews. Participants Twenty-three adult patients recruited at a safety-net hospital in Boston, MA. Approach Interviews were analyzed using thematic content analysis and modified grounded theory. Key Results Among the 23 study participants, 11 were women and 15 self-identified as Black or African American. Three categories of themes emerged: The first theme described definitions and the individual meanings participants ascribed to the term race. The second theme described perspectives on the role and consideration of race in clinical decision-making. Most study participants were unaware that race has been used as a modifying factor in clinical equations and rejected the incorporation of race in these equations. The third theme related to exposure to and experience of racism in healthcare settings. Experiences described by non-White participants ranged from microaggressions to overt acts of racism, including perceived racist encounters with healthcare providers. In addition, patients alluded to a deep mistrust in the healthcare system as a major barrier to equitable care. Conclusions Our findings suggest that most patients are unaware of how race has been used to make risk assessments and guide clinical care. Further research on patients’ perspectives is needed to inform the development of anti-racist policies and regulatory agendas as we move forward to combat systemic racism in medicine.
Objectives To explore the possibility of kidney organoids generated using patient derived human induced pluripotent stem cells (hiPSC) for modeling of Fabry disease nephropathy (FDN). Methods First, we generated hiPSC line using peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from two male FD-patients with different types of GLA mutation: a classic type mutation (CMC-Fb-001) and a non-classic type (CMC-Fb-003) mutation. Second, we generated kidney organoids using wild-type (WT) hiPSC (WTC-11) and mutant hiPSCs (CMC-Fb-001 and CMC-Fb-003). We then compared alpha-galactosidase A (α-GalA) activity, deposition of globotriaosylceremide (Gb-3), and zebra body formation under electromicroscopy (EM). Results Both FD patients derived hiPSCs had the same mutations as those detected in PBMCs of patients, showing typical pluripotency markers, normal karyotyping, and successful tri-lineage differentiation. Kidney organoids generated using WT-hiPSC and both FD patients derived hiPSCs expressed typical nephron markers without structural deformity. Activity of α-GalA was decreased and deposition of Gb-3 was increased in FD patients derived hiPSCs and kidney organoids in comparison with WT, with such changes being far more significant in CMC-Fb-001 than in CMC-Fb-003. In EM finding, multi-lammelated inclusion body was detected in both CMC-Fb-001 and CMC-Fb-003 kidney organoids, but not in WT. Conclusions Kidney organoids generated using hiPSCs from male FD patients might recapitulate the disease phenotype and represent the severity of FD according to the GLA mutation type.
Background Foetal and early childhood development contributes to the risk of adult non-communicable diseases such as hypertension and cardiovascular disease. We aimed to investigate whether kidney size at birth is associated with markers of kidney function at 7–11 years. Methods Foetal kidney dimensions were measured using ultrasound scans at 34 weeks gestation and used to derive kidney volume (cm^3) in 1802 participants in the Born in Bradford (BiB) birth cohort. Blood and urine samples were taken from those who participated in the BiB follow-up at 7–11 years (n = 630) and analysed for serum creatinine, cystatin C, urea, and urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR), protein to creatinine ratio (PCR) and retinol binding protein (RBP). Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated using Schwartz creatinine only and combined with cystatin C, and cystatin C only Zappitelli and Filler equations. Linear regression was used to examine the association between foetal kidney volume and eGFR, ACR, PCR and blood pressure, unadjusted and adjusted for confounders. Results Kidney volume was positively associated in adjusted models with eGFR calculated using Schwartz combined (0.64 ml/min diff per unit increase in volume, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.02), Zappitelli (0.79, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.20) and Filler (2.84, 95% CI 1.40 to 4.28). There was an association with the presence of albuminuria but not with its level, or with other urinary markers or with blood pressure. Conclusion Foetal kidney volume was associated with small increases in eGFR in mid-childhood. Longitudinal follow-up to investigate the relationship between kidney volume and markers of kidney function as children go through puberty is required.
Background Serum creatinine trajectory (SCr-Tr) is a neglected prognostic tool for chronic and acute kidney injury. We aimed to assess the predictors of SCr-Tr during the time-to-nadir and serum creatinine (SCr) normalization rate after drainage, using percutaneous nephrostomy in patients with bilateral malignant ureteral obstruction. Methods A prospective non-randomized study was performed on SCr-Tr in patients with bilateral malignant ureteral obstruction from August 2019 to March 2022. The primary outcome was SCr-Tr during the time-to-nadir. Results This study included 102 patients with a mean age ± SD of 59.6 ± 14.7 years. SCr-Tr was non-linear with a mean ± SD (range) of 0.5 ± 0.4 (0.03–2.3) mg/dl/day. Multivariate analyses revealed that female gender ( p  = 0.016), body mass index (BMI; p  = 0.005), and SCr at presentation ( p  < 0.001) were predictors of rapid SCr-Tr during the time-to-nadir. However, age ( p  = 0.008) and low urine output at presentation ( p  = 0.015) were associated with a lower SCr-Tr. In contrast, laterality of drainage ( p  = 0.544) and mean parenchymal thickness ( p  = 0.066) were not associated with mean SCr-Tr. Also, only the mean parenchymal thickness ( p  = 0.002) was a predictor of rapid SCr-Tr at ≥ 0.5 mg/dl/day. However, low BMI ( p  = 0.023) was associated with a high SCr normalization rate, while unilateral drainage ( p  = 0.045) was associated with a lower rate. Conclusions Female gender, low BMI, and SCr at presentation were predictors of rapid SCr-Tr during the time-to-nadir. Bilateral drainage was an independent predictor of SCr normalization rate, but not of rapid SCr-Tr. The mean parenchymal thickness was the only independent predictor for rapid SCr-Tr at ≥ 0.5 mg/dl/day.
Background Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of death in patients with renal diseases. Cardiac arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death are particularly important, and the burden is higher in patients on hemodialysis. The aim of this study is to compare specific ECG changes as markers of arrhythmias in patients with CKD and patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD); all without clinically manifest heart disease, with normal control subjects. Results Seventy-five ESRD patients on regular hemodialysis, 75 patients with stage 3–5 CKD and 40 healthy control subjects were included. All candidates were subjected to thorough clinical evaluation and laboratory tests including serum creatinine, glomerular filtration rate calculation, serum potassium, magnesium, calcium, phosphorus, iron, parathyroid hormone, and total iron binding capacity (TIBC). Resting twelve-lead ECG was done to calculate P wave dispersion (P-WD), corrected QT interval, QTc dispersion, T peak- T end interval ( T p-e), and Tp-e/QT. Patients with ESRD had a significantly higher QTc dispersion ( p  < 0.001) and P-WD ( p  = 0.001) when compared to the other 2 groups. In the ESRD group, males had a significantly higher P-WD ( p  = 0.045), insignificantly higher QTc dispersion ( p  = 0.445), and insignificantly lower Tp-e/QT ratio ( p  = 0.252) as compared to females. Multivariate linear regression analysis for ESRD patients showed that serum creatinine ( β  = 0.279,  p  = 0.012) and transferrin saturation ( β  =  − 0.333,  p  = 0.003) were independent predictors of increased QTc dispersion while ejection fraction ( β  = 0.320,  p  = 0.002), hypertension ( β  =  − 0.319,  p  = 0.002), hemoglobin level ( β  =  − 0.345,  p  = 0.001), male gender ( β  =  − 0.274,  p  = 0.009) and TIBC ( β  =  − 0.220,  p  = 0.030) were independent predictors of increased P wave dispersion. In the CKD group, TIBC ( β  =  − 0.285,  p  = 0.013) was an independent predictor of QTc dispersion while serum calcium ( β  = 0.320,  p  = 0.002) and male gender ( β  =  − 0.274,  p  = 0.009) were independent predictors of Tp-e/QT ratio. Conclusions Patients with stage 3–5 CKD and those with ESRD on regular hemodialysis exhibit significant ECG changes that are considered substrates for ventricular as well as supraventricular arrhythmias. Those changes were more evident in patients on hemodialysis.
Aim Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is increasingly recognized as a global health issue. There is a paucity of published data on the prevalence and risk factors of CKD in less-developed regions. This study aims to evaluate and update the prevalence and risk factors of CKD in a city of Northwestern China. Methods Based on a prospective cohort study, a cross-sectional baseline survey was conducted between 2011 and 2013. The data on the epidemiology interview, physical examination, and clinical laboratory test were all collected. In this study, 41,222 participants were selected from 48,001 workers in the baseline after excluding objects with incomplete information. The crude and standardized prevalence of CKD were calculated. An unconditional logistic regression model was used to analyze the risk factors associated with CKD among male and female. Results One thousand seven hundred eighty-eight people were diagnosed with CKD, including 1180 males and 608 females. The crude prevalence of CKD was 4.34% (4.78% males and 3.68% females). The standardized prevalence was 4.06% (4.51% males and 3.60% females). The prevalence of CKD increased with age and was higher in males than in females. In multivariable logistic regression, CKD was significantly associated with the increasing age, drinking, never or occasionally exercise, overweight or obesity, being unmarried, diabetes, hyperuricemia, dyslipidemia and hypertension. Conclusion In this study, the prevalence of CKD was lower than that of the national cross-sectional study. Lifestyle, hypertension, diabetes, hyperuricemia and dyslipidemia were the main risk factors of CKD. The prevalence and risk factors differ between male and female.
Purpose Multimorbidity [defined as two or more long-term conditions (LTCs)] contributes to increased treatment and medication burden, poor health-related quality of life, and worse outcomes. Management strategies need to be patient centred and tailored depending on existing comorbidities; however, little is known about the prevalence and patterns of comorbidities in people with chronic kidney disease (CKD). We investigated the prevalence of multimorbidity and comorbidity patterns across all CKD stages. Methods Multimorbidity was assessed, using a composite of self-report and clinical data, across four CKD groups stratified by eGFR [stage 1–2, stage 3a&b, stage 4–5, and kidney transplant (KTx)]. Principal component analysis using varimax rotation was used to identify comorbidity clusters across each group. Results Of the 978 participants (mean 66.3 ± 14 years, 60% male), 96.0% had multimorbidity. In addition to CKD, the mean number of comorbidities was 3.0 ± 1.7. Complex multimorbidity (i.e. ≥ 4 multiple LTCs) was identified in 560 (57.3%) participants. When stratified by CKD stage, the two most prevalent comorbidities across all stages were hypertension (> 55%) and musculoskeletal disorders (> 40%). The next most prevalent comorbidity for CKD stages 1–2 was lung conditions and for CKD stages 3 and 4–5 it was heart problems. CKD stages 1–2 showed different comorbidity patterns and clustering compared to other CKD stages. Conclusion Most people across the spectrum of CKD have multimorbidity. Different patterns of multimorbidity exist at different stages of CKD, and as such, clinicians should consider patient comorbidities to integrate care and provide effective treatment strategies.
Background and aims Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a public health concern worldwide and has been recognized as a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The elevated level of uric acid (hyperuricemia) has been suggested to be associated with obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and diabetes. However, there is limited information on the relationship between hyperuricemia and CKD. Therefore, this study aimed to estimate the prevalence of CKD and assess its relationship with hyperuricemia in Bangladeshi adults. Methods In this study, blood samples were collected from 545 participants (398 males and 147 females) aged ≥ 18 years. Biochemical parameters such as serum uric acid (SUA), lipid profile markers, glucose, creatinine and urea were measured by colorimetric methods. The estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and CKD were determined based on serum creatinine levels with existed formula. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to evaluate the association between SUA and CKD. Results The overall prevalence of CKD was 5.9% with 6.1% in males and 5.2% in females. Hyperuricemia was prevalent in 18.7% of participants with 23.2% in males and 14.6% in females. An increasing trend of CKD prevalence was observed with increasing age in the groups. The mean eGFR level was significantly lower in male (95.1 ± 31.8 ml/min/1.73m^2) than in female (109.3 ± 77.4 ml/min/1.73m^2) subjects (p < 0.01). The mean level of SUA was significantly higher (p < 0.01) in participants having CKD (7.1 ± 1.9 mg/dL) than in participants without CKD (5.7 ± 1.6 mg/dL). A decreasing trend for eGFR concentration and an increasing trend for CKD prevalence was observed across the SUA quartiles (p < 0.001). In regression analysis, a significant positive association was found between hyperuricemia and CKD. Conclusion This study showed an independent association between hyperuricemia and CKD in Bangladeshi adults. Further mechanistic studies are needed to explore the potential link between hyperuricemia and CKD.
Background The etiology of congenital solitary functioning kidney (CSFK) is largely unknown but likely includes various risk factors. We performed a case–control study to compare exposure to environmental and parental risk factors during embryonic kidney development between children with CSFK and healthy controls. Methods We included 434 children with CSFK and 1302 healthy controls from the AGORA data- and biobank matched on year of birth. Exposure to potential risk factors was investigated using parental questionnaire data. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated for each potential risk factor. Multiple imputation was used to deal with missing values. Confounders for each potential risk factor were selected using directed acyclic graphs. Results Maternal stress was newly identified as a risk factor for CSFK (aOR 2.1, 95% CI 1.2–3.5). Known associations with conception using in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (aOR 1.8, 95% CI 1.0–3.2), maternal infections during pregnancy (aOR 2.5, 95% CI 1.4–4.7), smoking during pregnancy (aOR 1.4, 95% CI 1.0–2.0), and parental CAKUT (aOR 6.6, 95% CI 2.9–15.1) were confirmed, but previous associations with diabetes and obesity could not be replicated. Folic acid supplement use and younger maternal age seemed to reduce the risk of CSFK (aORs 0.7, 95% CI 0.5–1.0, and 0.8, 95% CI 0.6–1.0, respectively). Conclusions Environmental and parental risk factors are likely to be involved in the development of CSFK and future studies should combine genetic, environmental, and gene-environment interaction analyses. Women wanting to become pregnant should consider optimizing their health and lifestyle. Graphical abstract A higher-resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background The growing amount of high dimensional biomolecular data has spawned new statistical and computational models for risk prediction and disease classification. Yet, many of these methods do not yield biologically interpretable models, despite offering high classification accuracy. An exception, the top-scoring pair (TSP) algorithm derives parameter-free, biologically interpretable single pair decision rules that are accurate and robust in disease classification. However, standard TSP methods do not accommodate covariates that could heavily influence feature selection for the top-scoring pair. Herein, we propose a covariate-adjusted TSP method, which uses residuals from a regression of features on the covariates for identifying top scoring pairs. We conduct simulations and a data application to investigate our method, and compare it to existing classifiers, LASSO and random forests. Results Our simulations found that features that were highly correlated with clinical variables had high likelihood of being selected as top scoring pairs in the standard TSP setting. However, through residualization, our covariate-adjusted TSP was able to identify new top scoring pairs, that were largely uncorrelated with clinical variables. In the data application, using patients with diabetes (n = 977) selected for metabolomic profiling in the Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort (CRIC) study, the standard TSP algorithm identified (valine-betaine, dimethyl-arg) as the top-scoring metabolite pair for classifying diabetic kidney disease (DKD) severity, whereas the covariate-adjusted TSP method identified the pair (pipazethate, octaethylene glycol) as top-scoring. Valine-betaine and dimethyl-arg had, respectively, ≥ 0.4 absolute correlation with urine albumin and serum creatinine, known prognosticators of DKD. Thus without covariate-adjustment the top-scoring pair largely reflected known markers of disease severity, whereas covariate-adjusted TSP uncovered features liberated from confounding, and identified independent prognostic markers of DKD severity. Furthermore, TSP-based methods achieved competitive classification accuracy in DKD to LASSO and random forests, while providing more parsimonious models. Conclusions We extended TSP-based methods to account for covariates, via a simple, easy to implement residualizing process. Our covariate-adjusted TSP method identified metabolite features, uncorrelated from clinical covariates, that discriminate DKD severity stage based on the relative ordering between two features, and thus provide insights into future studies on the order reversals in early vs advanced disease states.
Eating disorders are common and serious mental health disorders with frequent medical complications. This review discusses some of the problems with kidney function and electrolyte abnormalities that occur in patients with eating disorders. Common eating disorders discussed are anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa. Anorexia nervosa involves eating very small amounts of food and may include intentional vomiting or misuse of medications called laxatives or diuretics. These behaviors can cause decreased blood flow to the kidneys and subsequent kidney failure, as well as problems with important electrolytes in the body including potassium and sodium. These can lead to very serious problems, including death. Patients dealing with these issues should be seen by their doctor and potentially hospitalized for treatment. Eating disorders are psychiatric disorders with significant and widespread medical complications, including renal disorders. Renal disease is not uncommon in patients with eating disorders but is often unrecognized. It includes both acute renal injury and progression to chronic kidney disease requiring dialysis. Electrolyte abnormalities including hyponatremia, hypokalemia, and metabolic alkalosis are common in eating disorders and vary depending on whether patients engage in purging behaviors. Chronic hypokalemia due to purging in patients with anorexia nervosa-binge purge subtype or bulimia nervosa can lead to hypokalemic nephropathy and chronic kidney disease. Additional electrolyte derangements are seen during refeeding, including hypophosphatemia, hypokalemia, and hypomagnesemia. Patients can also develop Pseudo-Bartter’s syndrome which leads to edema and rapid weight gain in patients who cease purging behavior. Clinicians and patients should be aware of these complications in order to provide education and early detection and prevention.
Introduction Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been a global public health problem and a major source of suffering and poor quality of life for those afflicted. Using data from the global burden of disease (GBD) study 2019, we estimated the magnitude of the burden of CKD as well as the underlying causes of CKD in the Zambian population. Method The data used for this study were extracted from the GBD 2019 study. The GBD 2019 provides estimates of several metrics of disease burden including the commonly used disability-adjusted life year (DALYs) for over 369 diseases and injuries, and 87 risk factors and combinations of these in 204 countries and territories from 1990 to 2019. We estimated the burden of CKD as the number and rates (per 100,000 population) of DALYs, disaggregated by year, sex, and age group. We examined the underlying causes of CKD by estimating the population attributable fraction as the percentage contributions of risk factors to CKD DALY. Results The number of DALYs for CKD was estimated as 76.03 million (95% UI: 61.01 to 93.36) in 2019 compared to 39.42 million (95% UI: 33.09 to 45.90) in 1990, representing 93% increase whereas the DALYs rate per 100,000 population was estimated as 416.89 (95% UI: 334.53 to 511.93) in 2019 compared to 496.38 (95% UI: 416.55 to 577.87) in 1990, representing 16% reduction. CKD due to hypertension accounted for 18.7% of CKD DALYs and CKD due to diabetes (types 1 and 2) accounted for 22.7%, while CKD from glomerulonephritis accounted for the most DALYs at 33%. The age group most impacted from CKD were adolescents and young adults. Conclusion The burden of CKD remains high in the Zambian population with diabetes, high blood pressure, and glomerulonephritis as important causes. The results highlight the need to develop a comprehensive action plan to prevent and treat kidney disease. Increasing the awareness of CKD among the public as well as adaptation of guidelines for treating patients with end stage kidney disease are important considerations.
Background Waiting time for kidney transplants (KT) is an important health determinant for patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). During this time, ongoing evaluation and participation is necessary in order to guarantee the quality and suitability of the proposed treatment. There is no existing literature on the potential impact of inclusion of an Advanced Practice Nurse (APN) role in the hospital setting on care for CKD patients who are candidates for KT. The main objectives of this protocol are: to analyse outpatient nursing activity in the care of individuals with KT in Spain; to identify the needs of individuals who are KT candidates; and to measure the impact of the APN role through patient outcomes and experiences. These objectives are fulfilled through 5 specific related substudies. Methods A convergent parallel mixed methods approach will be conducted between July 2021 and April 2024. Quantitative and qualitative data will be collected and analysed separately to ascertain whether the findings confirm or contradict one another. Each of the 5 substudies of the project require a specific design, sampling method, and data collection procedure in order to meet the overall objectives for the project. Discussion The results of the project are expected to inform the design of future nursing roles and contribute to future improvements in the quality of care provided. The data that may be obtained from this protocol are limited to the specific context of the study facility and may be extrapolated but not compared to other settings due to the variability of care pathways for KT candidates internationally. Trial registration This project was approved by the Clinical Research Ethics Committee (no.2020/9418/I). The study was supported by the “Strategic Plan for Health Research and Innovation” from the Generalitat de Catalunya , registration number SLT017/20/000001, with a contribution of 57,239 euros.
Objectives The performance of renal resistance index (RRI) in predicting persistent sepsis-associated acute kidney injury (S-AKI) remains debatable, and the value of urinary C–C motif chemokine ligand 14 (CCL14) in predicting persistent S-AKI has not been validated yet. Therefore, we aimed to determine the applicability of a urinary biomarker CCL14 for the early detection of persistent S-AKI. Furthermore, the use of RRI obtained from renal Doppler ultrasonography was applied to differentiate transient from persistent S-AKI. Finally, we aimed to evaluate the use of these techniques in predicting different subtypes of S-AKI. Methods This prospective observational study was conducted at the internal medicine intensive care unit (ICU) of a university hospital. The RRI was determined within 12 h of ICU admission and the urinary CCL14 was evaluated at T0, T6, T12, and T24. The reversibility of renal dysfunction was assessed within 48 h. The receiver operating characteristic curves were then plotted to assess the diagnostic efficacy of the RRI and urinary CCL14 in predicting persistent S-AKI. Results Out of 48 patients, 23 developed persistent S-AKI upon admission. The RRI was higher in the persistent S-AKI group ( P  = 0.02) and the RRI ≥ 0.679 could predict persistent S-AKI with an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.79 (95% CI 0.65–0.93), a sensitivity of 91.30% (95% CI 70–98%), and a specificity of 65.20% (95% CI 43–83%). Urinary CCL14 was not significantly different between the two groups at the tested period, showing poor diagnostic performance at T0, T6, T12, and T24, with areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves of 0.56 (95% CI 0.38–0.73), 0.62 (95% CI 0.46–0.79), 0.52 (95% CI 0.35–0.68), and 0.60 (95% CI 0.43–0.77), respectively. Conclusions The RRI obtained from renal Doppler ultrasound is extremely effective in predicting persistent S-AKI in critically ill patients, and urinary CCL14 could not distinguish between transient and persistent S-AKIs.
Purpose Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a common and growing problem in Korea. Although CKD awareness is the first step in CKD management, evidence indicates that the rate of CKD awareness is unsatisfactory worldwide. Thus, we investigated the trend of CKD awareness for CKD patients in Korea. Methods Through analyzing data from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHAES) in 1998, 2001, 2007–2008, 2011–2013, and 2016–2018, we evaluated the rate of CKD awareness according to CKD stage in each phase of KNHANES. Clinical and sociodemographic characteristics were compared between CKD awareness and unawareness groups. Multivariate regression analysis was used to calculate the adjusted odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for CKD awareness [adjusted OR (95% CI)] in given socioeconomic and clinical factors. Results The overall awareness rate of CKD stage 3 remained at low levels of less than 6.0% through all phases of KNHAES except that of V–VI. In particular, CKD awareness was remarkably low in stage 3 CKD. Compared to CKD unawareness group, CKD awareness group was of young age, higher income, higher education, more medical aid, higher prevalence of comorbidities, and more advanced CKD. In multivariate analysis, CKD awareness was significantly associated with age [0.94 (0.91–0.96)], medical aid [3.23 (1.44–7.28)], proteinuria [0.27 (0.11–0.69)], and renal function [0.90 (0.88–0.93)]. Conclusion CKD awareness has been consistently low in Korea. This trend warrants the special endeavor to promote CKD awareness in Korea.
Kidney disease is one of the leading causes of morbidity worldwide, emphasizing the importance for physiologically accurate disease models. With most of the approved renal drugs failing to perform as well in human clinical trials as they did in animal testing, it is imperative that new and improved human-based models are developed to test these potential therapeutics. One option is to use patient derived cell lines, grown in both two-dimensional (2D) and three-dimensional (3D) structures, known as spheroids and organoids. Despite their contributions to the field, the lack of physiological accuracy, including the absence of fluid flow, and mechanistic effects in these 2D and 3D models means there is still room for improvement. Organ-on-a-chip (OOAC) technology offers itself as a potential candidate model to overcome these limitations. Over recent years OOAC technology has grown in popularity, with multiple organ systems, including lung, liver, and kidney described in the literature. In this review, traditional human cellular based models, including monolayer, spheroid and organoid models will be discussed. Human kidney-on-a-chip models will also be discussed, while exploring the advantages and potential limitations of this rapidly emerging field for the study of human kidney disease and drug testing.
Background /Objective Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a significant complication in critical care units (CCU). Non-neurological complications such as AKI are an independent predictor of poor clinical outcomes, with an increase in morbidity and mortality, financial costs, and worse functional recovery. This work aims to estimate the incidence of AKI and evaluate the risk factors and complications of AKI in neurocritical patients hospitalized in the CCU. Methods A retrospective cohort study was conducted. Patients admitted to the neurocritical care unit between 2016 and 2018 with a stay longer than 48 h were retrospectively analyzed in regard to the incidence, risk factors, and outcomes of AKI. Results The study population comprised 213 neurocritical patients. The incidence of AKI was 23.5%, with 58% KDIGO 1 and 2% requiring renal replacement therapy. AKI was an independent predictor of prolonged use of mechanical ventilation, cerebral edema, and mortality. Cerebral edema [OR 4.40 (95% CI 1.98–9.75) p  < 0.001] and a change in chloride levels greater than 4 mmol/L at 48 h (OR 2.44 (95% CI 1.10–5.37) p  = 0.027) were risk factors for developing AKI in the first 14 days of hospitalization. Conclusion There is a high incidence of AKI in neurocritical patients; it is associated with worse clinical outcomes regardless of the CCU admission etiology or AKI severity.
Acute kidney disease (AKD) involves multiple pathogenic mechanisms,  including maladaptive repair of renal cells that are rich in mitochondria. Maintenance of mitochondrial homeostasis and quality control is crucial for normal kidney function. Mitochondrial quality control serves to maintain mitochondrial function under various conditions, including mitochondrial bioenergetics, mitochondrial biogenesis, mitochondrial dynamics (fusion and fission) and mitophagy. To date, increasing evidence indicates that mitochondrial quality control is disrupted when acute kidney disease develops. This review describes the mechanisms of mitochondria quality control in acute kidney disease, aiming to provide clues to help design new clinical treatments.
Both shock wave lithotripsy (SWL) and flexible ureterorenoscopy (F-URS) are recommended as the first choice for non-lower pole kidney stones. Therefore, we conducted a prospective study to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and cost of SWL versus F-URS in patients with solitary non-lower pole kidney stones ≤ 20 mm under the COVID-19 pandemic. This prospective study was conducted in a tertiary hospital from June 2020 to April 2022. Patients who underwent lithotripsy (SWL or F-URS) for non-lower pole kidney stones were enrolled in this study. The stone-free rate (SFR), retreatment rate, complications, and cost were recorded. Propensity score-matched (PSM) analysis was performed. A total of 699 patients were finally included, of which 81.3% (568) were treated with SWL and 18.7% (131) underwent F-URS. After PSM, SWL showed equivalent SFR (87.9% vs. 91.1%,  P  = 0.323), retreatment rate (8.6% vs. 4.8%,  P  = 0.169), and adjunctive procedure (2.6% vs. 4.9%,  P  = 0.385) compared with F-URS. Complications were scarce and also comparable between SWL and F-URS (6.0% vs 7.7%,  P  > 0.05), while the incidence of ureteral perforation was higher in the F-URS group compared with the SWL group (1.5% vs 0%,  P  = 0.008). The hospital stay was significantly shorter (1 day vs 2 days,  P  < 0.001), and the cost was considerably less (1200 vs 30,083,  P  < 0.001) in the SWL group compared with the F-URS group. This prospective cohort demonstrated that SWL had equivalent efficacy with more safety and cost benefits than F-URS in treating patients with solitary non–lower pole kidney stones ≤ 20 mm. During the COVID-19 pandemic, SWL may have benefits in preserving hospital resources and limiting opportunity for virus transmission, compared to URS. These findings may guide clinical practice.
Trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) is an intestinal uremic toxin molecule mainly excreted by the kidney. Therefore, the plasma TMAO concentration is significantly increased in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients, and plasma TMAO can be cleared by dialysis. Furthermore, TMAO damage the kidney mainly through three mechanisms: oxidative stress, inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress. Clinical experiments have indicated that higher TMAO levels are strongly related to the elevated incidence and mortality of cardiovascular (CV) events in CKD patients. Moreover, experimental data have shown that high levels of TMAO directly aggravate atherosclerosis, thrombosis and enhance myocardial contractility, resulting in myocardial ischemia and stroke. Specially, there are currently four potential ways to reduce blood TMAO concentration or block the effect of TMAO, including reducing the intake of trimethylamine (TMA) precursors in the diet, regulating the intestinal flora to reduce TMA production, interrupting the role of flavin-dependent monooxygenase isoforms (FMOs) to reduce the generation of TMAO, and blocking the TMAO receptor protein kinase R-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (PERK). We hope that more clinical studies and clinicians will focus on clinical treatment to reduce the concentration of TMAO and alleviate renal damage.
Background Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is a serious complication that begins with albuminuria and often leads to a rapid progressive decline in renal function. Niclosamide is a potent inhibitor of the Wnt/β-catenin pathway, which controls the expression of multiple genes of the renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system (RAAS), which in turn is influences the progression of DKD. This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of niclosamide as adjuvant therapy on DKD. Methods Out of 127 patients screened for eligibility, 60 patients completed the study. After randomization, 30 patients in the niclosamide arm received ramipril plus niclosamide, and 30 patients in the control arm received ramipril only for 6 months. The primary outcomes were the changes in urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (UACR), serum creatinine, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). The secondary outcomes were measurements of urinary matrix metalloproteinase-7 (MMP-7), 8-hydroxy-2ʹ-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), and podocalyxin (PCX). Comparisons between the two arms were done using student t-test. Correlation analysis was done using Pearson correlation. Results Niclosamide decreased UACR by 24% (95% CI − 30 to − 18.3%) while there was a rise in UACR in the control arm by 11% (95% CI 4 to 18.2%) after 6 months (P < 0.001). Moreover, a significant reduction in MMP-7 and PCX was noticed in the niclosamide arm. Regression analysis revealed a strong association between MMP-7, which is a noninvasive biomarker predicting the activity of the Wnt/β-catenin signaling, and UACR. A 1 mg/dL decline in MMP-7 level was associated with a 25 mg/g lowering in UACR (B = 24.95, P < 0.001). Conclusion The addition of niclosamide to patients with diabetic kidney disease receiving an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor significantly reduces albumin excretion. Further larger-scale trials are needed to confirm our results. Trial registration: The study was prospectively registered on clinicaltrial.gov on March 23, 2020, with identification code NCT04317430.
Aldolase B (ALDOB), a glycolytic enzyme, is uniformly depleted in clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) tissues. We previously showed that ALDOB inhibited proliferation through a mechanism independent of its enzymatic activity in ccRCC, but the mechanism was not unequivocally identified. We showed that the corepressor C-terminal-binding protein 2 (CtBP2) is a novel ALDOB-interacting protein in ccRCC. The CtBP2-to-ALDOB expression ratio in clinical samples was correlated with the expression of CtBP2 target genes and was associated with shorter survival. ALDOB inhibited CtBP2-mediated repression of multiple cell cycle inhibitor, proapoptotic, and epithelial marker genes. Furthermore, ALDOB overexpression decreased the proliferation and migration of ccRCC cells in an ALDOB-CtBP2 interaction-dependent manner. Mechanistically, our findings showed that ALDOB recruited acireductone dioxygenase 1, which catalyzes the synthesis of an endogenous inhibitor of CtBP2, 4-methylthio 2-oxobutyric acid. ALDOB functions as a scaffold to bring acireductone dioxygenase and CtBP2 in close proximity to potentiate acireductone dioxygenase-mediated inhibition of CtBP2, and this scaffolding effect was independent of ALDOB enzymatic activity. Moreover, increased ALDOB expression inhibited tumor growth in a xenograft model and decreased lung metastasis in vivo . Our findings reveal that ALDOB is a negative regulator of CtBP2 and inhibits tumor growth and metastasis in ccRCC.
Background Maturity-Onset Diabetes of the Young (MODY) is an autosomal dominant condition and represents 1–5% of all cases of diabetes mellitus. MODY is often misdiagnosed as type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The rare subtype 5 (HNF1B-MODY) is due to hepatocyte nuclear factor 1β ( HNF1B ) molecular alteration and is remarkable for its multisystemic phenotypes characterized by a broad spectrum of pancreatic and extra-pancreatic clinical manifestations. Methods Retrospective study of patients with HNF1B-MODY diagnosis followed in the Centro Hospitalar Universitário Lisboa Central (Lisbon, Portugal). Demographic data, medical history, clinical and laboratory data, follow-up and treatment procedures were obtained from electronic medical records. Results We found 10 patients with HNF1B variants (7 index cases). The median age at diabetes diagnosis was 28 (IQR 24) years and the median age at HNF1B-MODY diagnosis was 40.5 (IQR 23) years. Six patients were initially misclassified as type 1 and 4 as type 2 diabetes. The average time between diabetes diagnosis and the diagnosis of HNF1B-MODY was 16.5 years. Diabetes was the first manifestation in half of the cases. The other half presented with kidney malformations and chronic kidney disease at pediatric age as the first manifestation. All these patients were submitted to kidney transplantation. Long-term diabetes complications included retinopathy (4/10), peripheral neuropathy (2/10) and ischemic cardiomyopathy (1/10). Other extra-pancreatic manifestations included liver test alterations (4/10) and congenital malformation of the female reproductive tract (1/6). History of a first-degree relative with diabetes and/or nephropathy diagnosed at a young age was present in 5 of the 7 index cases. Conclusions Despite being a rare disease, HNF1B-MODY is underdiagnosed and often misclassified. It should be suspected in patients with diabetes and CKD, especially when diabetes appears at a young age, a family history is present, and nephropathy appears before/shortly after the diagnosis of diabetes. Presence of unexplained liver disease increases the degree of suspicion for HNF1B-MODY. Early diagnosis is important to minimize complications and to allow familial screening and pre-conception genetic counseling. Trial registration not applicable due to the retrospective nature of the study, non-interventional.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is age-related disease, and decreased renal function is associated with the premature aging of T cells and increased incidence of other age-related diseases. However, the relationship between T cell senescence and CKD progression remains unclear. Here, we investigated the relationship between T cell senescence, as indicated by decreased thymic output and increased proportion of highly differentiated CD28^− T cells, and CKD progression. Results A total of 175 patients with non-dialysis-dependent CKD were enrolled in this study. Thymic output was assessed based on the CD45RA^+CD31^+CD4^+ cell (recent thymic emigrant [RTE]) counts (RTEs) (/mm^3) and the proportion of RTE among CD4^+ T cells (RTE%). Highly differentiated T cells were assessed based on the proportion of CD28^− cells among CD4^+ T cells (CD28^−/CD4^+) and CD28^− cells among CD8^+ T cells (CD28^−/CD8^+). The primary outcome was estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) decline of ≥40% or initiation of renal replacement therapy. The association between T cell senescence and renal outcomes was examined using Cox proportional hazards models and restricted cubic splines. The median age was 73 years, 33% were women, and the median eGFR was 26 mL/min/1.73 m^2. The median RTEs, RTE%, CD28^−/CD4^+, and CD28^−/CD8^+ were 97.5/mm^3, 16.2, 5.3, and 49.7%, respectively. After a median follow-up of 1.78 years, renal outcomes were observed in 71 patients. After adjusting for age, sex, eGFR, proteinuria, diabetes, and cytomegalovirus seropositivity, decreased RTEs, which corresponded to decreased thymic output, significantly and monotonically increased the risk of poor renal outcome ( p  = 0.04), and decreased RTE% and increased highly differentiated CD28^−/CD4^+ T cells also tended to monotonically increase the risk ( p  = 0.074 and p  = 0.056, respectively), but not CD28^−/CD8^+ T cells. Conclusions Decreased thymic output in CKD patients, as well as increased highly differentiated CD4^+ T cells, predicted renal outcomes. Thus, the identification of patients prone to CKD progression using T cell senescence, particularly decreased RTE as a biomarker, may help to prevent progression to end-stage kidney disease.
Background Neonates with hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) receiving therapeutic hypothermia are at high risk of acute kidney injury (AKI). Methods We performed a two-site prospective observational study from 2018 to 2019 to evaluate the utility of renal near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) in detecting AKI in 38 neonates with HIE receiving therapeutic hypothermia. AKI was defined by a delayed rate of serum creatinine decline (< 33% on day 3 of life, < 40% on day 5, and < 46% on day 7). Renal saturation ( R _sat) and systemic oxygen saturation (SpO2) were continuously measured for the first 96 h of life (HOL). Renal fractional tissue oxygen extraction (RFTOE) was calculated as (SpO2 −  R _sat)/(SpO2). Using renal NIRS, urine biomarkers, and perinatal factors, logistic regression was performed to develop a model that predicted AKI. Results AKI occurred in 20 of 38 neonates (53%). During the first 96 HOL, R _sat was higher, and RFTOE was lower in the AKI group vs. the no AKI group ( P  < 0.001). R _sat > 70% had a fair predictive performance for AKI at 48–84 HOL (AUC 0.71–0.79). RFTOE ≤ 25 had a good predictive performance for AKI at 42–66 HOL (AUC 0.8–0.83). The final statistical model with the best fit to predict AKI (AUC = 0.88) included RFTOE at 48 HOL ( P  = 0.012) and pH of the infants’ first postnatal blood gas ( P  = 0.025). Conclusions Lower RFTOE on renal NIRS and pH on infant first blood gas may be early predictors for AKI in neonates with HIE receiving therapeutic hypothermia. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Manganese (Mn) and Selenium (Se) deficiencies are noted in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, levels of these trace elements have not been well studied in the paediatric CKD population. We determined the Mn and Se levels in a single-institution cohort of paediatric patients with CKD. Methods Ancillary cross-sectional study to a prospective longitudinal randomized control trial on zinc supplementation, which included 42 children and adolescents aged 0 to 19 years with CKD stages I to IV not on dialysis, who had 1–6 trace element measurements. Cystatin C estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated using the Filler formula. Plasma Mn and Se levels were measured, and anthropomorphic data/blood parameters were collected from electronic health records. The trial was registered on clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02126293. Results There were 96 Mn and Se levels in 42 patients (age 12.5 ± 4.6 years). The median Mn concentration was 12.61 nmol/L [10.08, 16.42] with a trend towards lower values with lower eGFR ( p  = 0.0367 one-sided). Mn z -scores were significantly lower than the general paediatric reference population. The mean Se level was 1.661 ± 0.3399 µmol/L with a significant positive correlation with eGFR ( p  = 0.0159, r  = 0.366). However, only 4 patients with low eGFR had abnormally low Se levels. Conclusions This single-institution study of children with CKD demonstrates a significant decrease in Se levels with decreasing eGFR, but no significant difference between mean Se z -scores of our cohort and the reference population. There was no significant relationship between Mn levels and eGFR however the mean Mn z -score was significantly lower than the theoretical mean. Trial registration : clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02126293, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02126293 . Date: April 30, 2014.
Background Horseshoe kidney is one of the most common congenital renal fusion anomalies and is characterized by abnormalities in the position, rotation, vascular supply, and ureteral anatomy of the kidney. When performing surgery for colorectal cancer in patients with horseshoe kidneys, anatomical identification is important to avoid organ injuries. Several reports on surgery for colorectal cancer with horseshoe kidneys have described the usefulness of three-dimensional (3D) computed tomography (CT) angiography for detecting abnormalities in vascular supply. However, few reports have focused on the prevention of ureteral injury in surgery for colorectal cancer with horseshoe kidney, despite abnormalities in the ureteral anatomy. Here, we report a case in which laparoscopic sigmoid colon resection for sigmoid colon cancer with a horseshoe kidney was safely performed using fluorescent ureteral catheters. Case presentation A 60-year-old Japanese man presented to our hospital testing positive for fecal occult blood. Colonoscopy revealed sigmoid colon cancer, and CT confirmed a horseshoe kidney. The 3D-CT angiography showed aberrant renal arteries from the aorta and right common iliac artery, and the left ureter passed across the front of the renal isthmus. A fluorescent ureteral catheter was placed in the left ureter before the surgery to prevent ureteral injury. Laparoscopic sigmoid colon resection with D3 lymph node dissection was performed. The fluorescent ureteral catheter enabled the identification of the left ureter that passed across the front of the renal isthmus and the safe mobilization of the descending and sigmoid colon from the retroperitoneum. The operative time was 214 min, with intraoperative bleeding of 25 mL. The patient’s postoperative course was good: no complications arose and she was discharged on the seventh postoperative day. Conclusion In patients with horseshoe kidney, the use of fluorescent ureteral catheters and 3D-CT angiography enables safer laparoscopic surgery for colorectal cancer. We recommend the placement of fluorescent ureteral catheters in such surgeries to prevent ureteral injury.
Background Hypercalciuria is one of the most important urinary risk factors in kidney stone formers. This study aimed to delineate the interaction of some demographic, serum, and urinary risk factors influencing 24-h urinary (24-U) calcium excretion. Methods This study was secondary data analysis, using data from 593 kidney stone patients referred to the Labbafinejad kidney stone prevention clinic from March 2015 to May 2019. The study considered serum, urinary and demographic factors that interact to influence 24-U calcium using path analysis. In addition to the direct impact of predictors on the 24-U calcium, this analysis considered the effects of the predictors on the 24-U calcium transmitted by a mediating variable named indirect effects. Results The results showed that age indirectly affected on 24-U calcium through 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25(OH)D), serum and 24-U creatinine. As well, weight had an indirect effect through 24-urine metabolites (creatinine, citrate, urea, and sodium). Among serum variables, PTH and creatinine significantly directly affected on 24-U calcium. In comparison, 25(OH)D and phosphorus appeared to influence 24-U calcium indirectly through serum parathormone. Regarding 24-U metabolites, sodium, urea, and citrate had a significant direct effect on 24-U calcium. Moreover, 24-U creatinine has a significant direct and indirect effect on 24-U calcium through citrate and urea as mediator variables. Conclusion Serum 25(OH)D and phosphorus, along with age and weight, indirectly affected urinary calcium through a third variable. Other variables (PTH, serum creatinine, and 24-U sodium, urea, and citrate) showed a direct effect on 24-U calcium excretion.
Background Dyslipidemia is a potentially modifiable risk factor in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Information on the safety and efficacy of statins in pediatric CKD is limited. Methods Patients with CKD stage 2–5 and aged 5–18 years with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) > 130 mg/dL and/or non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) > 145 mg/dL were enrolled from September 2019 to February 2021. All patients were administered atorvastatin 10 mg/day, which was escalated to 20 mg/day if LDL-C remained > 100 mg/dL and/or non-HDL-C > 120 mg/dL at 12 weeks. Proportion of patients achieving target lipid levels (LDL-C ≤ 100 mg/dL and non-HDL-C ≤ 120 mg/dL) and adverse events were assessed at 24 weeks. Results Of 31 patients enrolled, target lipid levels were achieved in 45.2% (95% CI 27.8–63.7%) at 24 weeks; 22 patients required dose escalation to 20 mg at 12 weeks. There was no difference in median lipid level reduction with 10 ( n  = 9) versus 20 mg/day ( n  = 22, P  = 0.3). Higher baseline LDL-C (OR 1.06, 95% CI 1.00–1.11) and older age (OR 36.5, 95% CI 2.57–519.14) were independent predictors of failure to achieve target lipid levels with 10 mg/day atorvastatin. None had persistent rise in AST/ALT > 3 times upper normal limit (UNL) or CPK > 10 times UNL. No differences were noted in adverse events due to atorvastatin 10 or 20 mg/day. Conclusion Atorvastatin (10–20 mg/day) administered for 24 weeks was safe and effectively reduced LDL-C and non-HDL-C in children with CKD stages 2–5. Patients with higher baseline LDL-C required higher doses to achieve the target. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose Autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD) is a hereditary condition characterized by massive kidney enlargement and developmental liver defects. Potential consequences during childhood include the need for kidney replacement therapy (KRT). We report the design of 2 ongoing clinical trials (Study 204, Study 307) to evaluate safety, tolerability, and efficacy of tolvaptan in children with ARPKD. Methods Both trials are of multinational, multicenter, open-label design. Age range at enrollment is 28 days to < 12 weeks in Study 204 and 28 days to < 18 years in Study 307. Subjects in both studies must have a clinical diagnosis of ARPKD, and those in Study 204 must additionally have signs indicative of risk of rapid progression to KRT, namely, all of: nephromegaly, multiple kidney cysts or increased kidney echogenicity suggesting microcysts, and oligohydramnios or anhydramnios. Target enrollment is 20 subjects for Study 204 and ≥ 10 subjects for Study 307. Results Follow-up is 24 months in Study 204 (with optional additional treatment up to 36 months) and 18 months in Study 307. Outcomes include safety, tolerability, change in kidney function, and percentage of subjects requiring KRT relative to historical data. Regular safety assessments monitor for possible adverse effects of treatment on parameters such as liver function, kidney function, fluid balance, electrolyte levels, and growth trajectory, with increased frequency of monitoring following tolvaptan initiation or dose escalation. Conclusions These trials will provide data on tolvaptan safety and efficacy in a population without disease-specific treatment options. Trial registration Study 204: EudraCT 2020–005991-36; Study 307: EudraCT 2020–005992-10.
Purpose Inherited kidney diseases are among the leading causes of kidney failure in children, resulting in increased mortality, high healthcare costs and need for organ transplantation. Next-generation sequencing technologies can help in the diagnosis of rare monogenic conditions, allowing for optimized medical management and therapeutic choices. Methods Clinical exome sequencing (CES) was performed on a cohort of 191 pediatric patients from a single institution, followed by Sanger sequencing to confirm identified variants and for family segregation studies. Results All patients had a clinical diagnosis of kidney disease: the main disease categories were glomerular diseases (32.5%), ciliopathies (20.4%), CAKUT (17.8%), nephrolithiasis (11.5%) and tubular disease (10.5%). 7.3% of patients presented with other conditions. A conclusive genetic test, based on CES and Sanger validation, was obtained in 37.1% of patients. The highest detection rate was obtained for ciliopathies (74.4%), followed by nephrolithiasis (45.5%), tubular diseases (45%), while most glomerular diseases and CAKUT remained undiagnosed. Conclusions Results indicate that genetic testing consistently used in the diagnostic workflow of children with chronic kidney disease can (i) confirm clinical diagnosis, (ii) provide early diagnosis in the case of inherited conditions, (iii) find the genetic cause of previously unrecognized diseases and (iv) tailor transplantation programs.
Background We examined the relationship between brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods First, a cross-sectional study was conducted in 480 participants without known diabetes. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was administered after overnight fasting, and blood samples were collected at 0, 30, and 120 min. Second, a total of 3003 participants were enrolled for the case–control genetic analysis. After assigning them to a case or a control group based on age and CKD status, we investigated the association between BDNF gene variants and susceptibility to CKD. Results A higher fasting serum BDNF quartile was significantly associated with a lower prevalence of CKD (P value for trend  < 0.001). Based on the receiver operating characteristic analysis, the fasting BDNF level had a larger area under the curve for differentiating CKD (0.645, 95% CI 0.583‒0.707) than the BDNF levels at both 30 min (0.547, 95% CI 0.481‒0.612) and 120 min (0.598, 95% CI 0.536‒0.661). A significantly lower CKD prevalence (odds ratio = 0.30, 95% CI 0.12‒0.71) was observed in the highest quartile of fasting BDNF level than that in the lowest quartile, whereas no interquartile differences were observed for BDNF levels determined at 30 or 120 min during the OGTT. Furthermore, BDNF-associated variants, including rs12098908, rs12577517, and rs72891405, were significantly associated with CKD. Conclusions The BDNF level at fasting, but not at 30 and 120 min after glucose intake, was an independent indicator of CKD. In addition, significant associations were observed between three BDNF gene variants and CKD.
About 10% of all home peritoneal dialysis regimens in children with chronic kidney disease stage 5 are reported to involve some form of a tidal peritoneal dialysis (TPD) prescription. Despite this, there remain several gaps in how pediatric nephrologists approach the use of TPD. This stems from a combination of factors such as the confusing technical terminology pertaining to TPD, seemingly conflicting data on the risks, benefits, and indications for TPD, and lastly, limited published guidelines on the practical aspects of how to write a TPD prescription, based on the indication, in children. Our educational review, using evidence-based data, attempts to bridge this gap and provide an easy-to-use guide on the key practical aspects of TPD in children.
Aim To elucidate the association of serum irisin levels with bone mineral density (BMD) and calcium–phosphorus metabolism parameters in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients and renal transplant recipients (RTRs). Methods This is a cross-sectional study involving CKD patients and RTRs. Healthy volunteers served as controls. Age, gender, and dialysis vintage were recorded. Serum irisin, creatinine, glucose, calcium, albumin, 25(OH) vitamin D, ferritin, C-reactive protein, A1C, and lipid profile were studied in all participants. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), corrected calcium, and body mass index (BMI) were calculated. Results Overall, 49 patients (23 hemodialysis, 26 RTRs) and 25 control subjects were included. In hemodialysis (HD) group, 8 patients (34.8%) had osteoporosis, and 12 patients (52.2%) had osteopenia. In RTR group, 3 patients (11.5%) had osteoporosis, while 15 patients (57.7%) had osteopenia. Among controls, one had osteoporosis, and 7 had osteopenia. There was no significant difference between HD and RTRs; however, osteoporosis rate was significantly lower in control subjects. BMD measurements (femur and lumbar T- and Z-scores) were comparable between HD and RTR groups. Control group DEXA values were similar to RTRs; however, they were significantly higher compared to HD group. 25(OH) vitamin D levels were comparable between the HD and RTR groups, and these were significantly lower compared to values of the control group. Mean serum irisin level was 426.6 ± 191.2 pg/mL in hemodialysis group, 342.6 ± 174.8 in the RTR group, and 208.0 ± 186.1 in controls. Serum irisin levels were similar in RTR and HD groups, but their values were significantly higher compared to controls. When we compared serum irisin levels between patients with and without osteoporosis in the whole cohort and hemodialysis and RTR groups, there was no difference. Serum irisin was positively correlated with lumbar T-score both in hemodialysis and RTR groups. Conclusion Our study is the first in the literature revealing the positive correlation of serum irisin level with femur T-score in RTRs. Serum irisin level was also positively correlated with femur T-scores in hemodialysis patients.
Renal cell carcinoma, notably clear cell renal cell carcinoma in particular, show remarkable predisposition for intravenous growth. Retrograde venous invasion results in intravascular emboli in renal sinus and intrarenal veins, and nodules in renal parenchyma (after extravascular spread). In our experience, we observed this phenomenon in five cases out of 204 renal cell tumors: four in clear cell renal cell carcinomas (4/166 or 2.4%) and 12.5% of those clear cell carcinomas with major renal vein invasion (4/34 or 12.5%). Since it is a recently described phenomenon, easily identifiable a bisected specimen, we believe it would be valuable to show our experience in recognizing and reporting the frequency of this finding in our practice.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a significant health care burden, with a worldwide prevalence of approximately 11%. The general population spends over 50% of the awake time sedentary activities. However, to the best of our knowledge, no study has evaluated the association between sedentary time and CKD, with a focus on both kidney damage and kidney function, in the South Korean population. Accordingly, the present study aimed to address this gap in the knowledge. Method We used data from the 8^th Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. The analysis included 9,534 participants, especially excluded those who had been diagnosed with kidney disease or who were currently undergoing treatment. Sedentary behavior was self-reported by the participants. An estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and/or albuminuria were used as measures for detection of CKD according to the guidelines of the Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes. We analyzed the data using multiple logistic regression. Results Among the women, the risk of CKD was significantly greater among those who sat for ≥ 12 h/d relative to those who sat for < 6 h/d, after adjusting for physical activity and other covariates (odds ratio [OR]: 1.45, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.01–2.06). Similarly, among those who sat over 12 h/d, those who engaged in low levels of physical activity had a higher risk of CKD than those who engaged in high levels of activity (OR: 1.65, 95% CI: 1.04–2.61). No statistically significant results were found for men. Conclusion Excessive sedentary behavior was associated with an increased risk of CKD, especially albuminuria, regardless of the level of physical activity, only in women. These findings emphasize the importance of avoiding excessive sitting for a long time and increasing overall physical activity levels.
Background Renal excretion is one of the major routes of nanomaterial elimination from the body. Many previous studies have found that graphene oxide nanosheets are excreted in bulk through the kidneys. However, how the lateral size affects GO disposition in the kidneys including glomerular filtration, active tubular secretion and tubular reabsorption is still unknown. Results The thin, two-dimensional graphene oxide nanosheets (GOs) was observed to excrete in urine through the kidneys, but the lateral dimension of GOs affects their renal clearance pathway and renal injury. The s -GOs could be renal excreted via the glomerular filtration, while the l -GOs were predominately excreted via proximal tubular secretion at a much faster renal clearance rate than the s-GOs. For the tubular secretion of l -GOs, the mRNA level of basolateral organic anion transporters Oat1 and Oat2 in the kidney presented dose dependent increase, while no obvious alterations of the efflux transporters such as Mdr1 and Mrp4 mRNA expression levels were observed, suggesting the accumulation of l -GOs. During the GO renal elimination, mostly the high dose of 15 mg/kg s -GO and l -GO treatment showed obvious kidney injuries but at different renal compartment, i.e., the s -GOs induced obvious glomerular changes in podocytes, while the l -GOs induced more obvious tubular injuries including necrosis of renal tubular epithelial cells, loss of brush border, cast formation and tubular dilatation. The specifically tubular injury biomarkers KIM1 and NGAL were shown slight increase with mRNA levels in l -GO administrated mice. Conclusions This study shows that the lateral size of GOs affected their interactions with different renal compartments, renal excretion pathways and potential kidney injuries.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common complication after cardiac surgery, and preoperative renal dysfunction is an important risk factor. Proteinuria indicates renal structural damage, but there are few studies on proteinuria and the risk of AKI after cardiac surgery in patients with renal dysfunction. This study aimed to elucidate whether proteinuria can predict AKI after cardiac surgery in patients with renal dysfunction. Methods Patients with stages 3–4 chronic kidney disease (CKD) who underwent cardiac surgery were included in this retrospective study. AKI was defined according to the KDIGO criteria. The association between proteinuria and AKI in patients with CKD stages 3–4 was investigated. Results The incidence of AKI in the entire cohort (n = 1546) was 53.55%. The in-hospital mortality of patients with was higher than patients without AKI (AKI vs. no AKI, 4.7 vs. 0.8%, P  < 0.001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that proteinuria was an independent risk factor for AKI (trace to 1+ OR 2.37; 2+ –3+ OR 5.16) and AKI requiring renal replacement therapy (AKI-RRT) (trace to 1+ OR 3.64; 2+–3+ OR 5.71). Mild proteinuria (trace to 1+ OR 2.59) was also an independent risk factor for in-hospital death. In patients with diabetes mellitus, mild proteinuria (OR 1.925), instead of severe proteinuria (2–3+), was a risk factor of AKI in patients with kidney dysfunction and diabetes. Conclusions In the population of patients with renal dysfunction, the incidence of AKI was high, which significantly compromised renal and overall prognosis. As a simple and inexpensive routine test, preoperative proteinuria still has value in predicting AKI in patients with impaired renal function.
The study of protein-coding gene structure and protein-related genes in kidney stone disease is used for accurate identification of splicing sites and accurate location of gene exon boundaries, which is one of the difficulties and key problems in understanding the genome and discovering new genes. Prediction techniques based on signal characteristics of conserved sequences around splicing sites, such as the weighted array model (WAM), are widely used. On this basis, several other features that can be used for splicing site recognition (such as the base composition of splicing site upstream and downstream sequences, the change of signal and base composition of upstream and downstream sequences with the C + G content of adjacent sequences) were mined further, and a model was developed to describe these features. In this study, a log-linear model that can effectively integrate these features for splicing site recognition was designed, and a SpliceKey programme was developed. The findings reveal that SpliceKey’s splicing site identification accuracy is not only much better than the WAM approach, but also better than DGSplice.
Background Stonin1 (STON1) is an endocytic protein but its role in cancer remains unclear. Here, we investigated the immune role of STON1 in kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC). Methods We undertook bioinformatics analyses of the expression and clinical significance of STON1 in KIRC through a series of public databases, and the role of STON1 in the tumor microenvironment and the predictive value for immunotherapy and targeted treatment in KIRC were identified with R packages. STON1 expression was validated in clinical KIRC tissues as well as in KIRC and normal renal tubular epithelial cells. Results Through public databases, STON1 mRNA was found to be significantly downregulated in KIRC compared with normal controls, and decreased STON1 was related to grade, TNM stage, distant metastasis and status of KIRC patients. Compared with normal controls, STON1 was found to be downregulated in KIRC tissues and cell lines. Furthermore, OncoLnc, Kaplan–Meier, and GEPIA2 analyses also suggested that KIRC patients with high STON1 expression had better overall survival. The high STON1 group with enriched immune cells had a more favorable prognosis than the low STON1 group with decreased immune cells. Single sample Gene Set Enrichment Analysis and Gene Set Variation Analysis indicated that STON1 creates an immune non-inflamed phenotype in KIRC. Moreover, STON1 was positively associated with mismatch repair proteins and negatively correlated with tumor mutational burden. Furthermore, Single sample Gene Set Enrichment Analysis algorithm and Pearson analysis found that the low STON1 group was more sensitive to immune checkpoint blockage whereas the high STON1 group was relatively suitable for targeted treatment. Conclusions Decreased STON1 expression in KIRC leads to clinical progression and poor survival. Mechanically, low STON1 expression is associated with an aberrant tumor immune microenvironment. Low STON1 is likely to be a favorable indicator for immunotherapy response but adverse indicator for targeted therapeutics in KIRC.
Objective To assess retinal and choroidal thickness changes in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients using spectral domain optical coherence tomography (SD-OCT). Background CKD is a devastating health trouble. The eye and the kidney share similar structural and genetic pathways, so that kidney disease and ocular disease may be closely linked. OCT is a precise, fast method for high-definition scanning of the retina and choroid. Patients and methods A cross sectional study was conducted at Menoufia University Hospital ophthalmology department on 144 eyes of 72 CKD patients divided into 3 groups according to the stage of CKD as follows: group 1: CKD stage 1–2, with Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR) > 60 ml/min/1.73m^2 group 2: CKD stage 3, GFR 30–59 ml/min/1.73m^2 and group 3: CKD stage 4–5, eGFR < 29 ml/min/1.73m^2. All patients underwent full ophthalmologic examination followed by OCT assessment of retinal, retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) and choroidal thickness. Results Retinal and choroidal thickness were reduced in group 2 (CKD stage 3) and group 3 (CKD stage 4–5) compared with group 1 (CKD stage 1–2). The reduction was more severe in group 3 than group 2. RNFL thickness did not differ between groups. A thinner retina and choroid were associated with an elevated serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration, and greater degrees of proteinuria. Conclusion Chorioretinal thinning in CKD is associated with a lower eGFR, a higher CRP, and greater proteinuria. Further studies, in a large scale of patients, are needed to detect whether these eye changes reflect the natural history of CKD.
Purpose One of the rare life-threatening fungal infections is pneumocystis pneumonia (PCP). Immunocompromised patients are the main vulnerable population. We investigate the risk factors associated with the development of severe PCP infection with acute respiratory failure after kidney transplantation. Materials and methods This is a retrospective, single-center, case-control study. PCP patients who are kidney transplant recipients and required high-flow oxygen support or mechanical ventilation between March 2009 and February 2017 were included in the study. The comparison was conducted between the non-severe and severe PCP groups. To identify associated risk factors, we performed univariate and multivariate logistic regression. Results Among the total 2,330 kidney transplant recipients, 50 patients (2.1%) were diagnosed with PCP. Of these, 27 patients (54.0%) had severe PCP and 7 patients (14.0%) died, all of them were severe PCP patients. In the severe PCP group, the time from transplantation to PCP diagnosis (23.4 ± 24.9 months vs. 13.7 ± 9.9 months, p = 0.090) was insignificantly faster than in the non-severe PCP group. According to multiple logistic regression analysis, the significant risk factors associated with severe PCP were as follows, age (odds ratios (OR) 1.07; 95% confidence intervals (CI): 1.01–1.13; p = 0.027), time from transplantation to PCP diagnosis (odds ratios (OR) 0.92; 95% confidence intervals (CI): 0.86–0.99; p = 0.024), lymphopenia (OR 6.48; 95% CI: 1.05–40.09; p = 0.044), and history of acute rejection within 1 year (OR 8.28; 95% CI: 1.29–53.20; p = 0.026). Conclusion Patients who have lymphopenia at the time of hospital admission or have been recently treated with acute rejection are more likely to progress to severe PCP, requiring intensive monitoring and aggressive treatment.
The retinal determinant gene network (RDGN), originally discovered as a critical determinator in Drosophila eye specification, has become an important regulatory network in tumorigenesis and progression, as well as organogenesis. This network is not only associated with malignant biological behaviors of tumors, such as proliferation, and invasion, but also regulates the development of multiple mammalian organs. Three members of this conservative network have been extensively investigated, including DACH, SIX, and EYA. Dysregulated RDGN signaling is associated with the initiation and progression of tumors. In recent years, it has been found that the members of this network can be used as prognostic markers for cancer patients. Moreover, they are considered to be potential therapeutic targets for cancer. Here, we summarize the research progress of RDGN members from biological functions to signaling transduction, especially emphasizing their effects on tumors. Additionally, we discuss the roles of RDGN members in the development of organs and tissue as well as their correlations with the pathogenesis of chronic kidney disease and coronary heart disease. By summarizing the roles of RDGN members in human diseases, we hope to promote future investigations into RDGN and provide potential therapeutic strategies for patients.
Purpose We evaluated the renal arterial resistive index (RRI), urine monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (uMCP-1), and urine neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (uNGAL) to predict acute kidney injury (AKI) in critically ill cancer patients. Methods In this prospective study, we included patients without AKI. We compared the area under the curve (AUC) of RRI, uMCP-1, and uNGAL to predict any stage of AKI and stage-3 AKI with the DeLong method, and we established cutoff points with the Youden index. Results We included 64 patients, and 43 (67.2%) developed AKI. The AUC to predict AKI were: 0.714 (95% CI 0.587–0.820) for the RRI, 0.656 (95% CI 0.526–0.770) for uMCP-1, and 0.677 (95% CI 0.549–0.789) for uNGAL. The AUC to predict stage-3 AKI were: 0.740 (95% CI 0.615–0.842) for the RRI, 0.757 (95% CI 0.633–0.855) for uMCP-1, and 0.817 (95% CI 0.701–0.903) for uNGAL, without statistical differences among them. For stage 3 AKI prediction, the sensitivity and specificity were: 56.3% and 87.5% for a RRI > 0.705; 70% and 79.2% for an uMCP-1 > 2169 ng/mL; and 87.5% and 70.8% for a uNGAL > 200 ng/mL. The RRI was significantly correlated to age ( r  = 0.280), estimated glomerular filtration rate ( r  = − 0.259), mean arterial pressure ( r  = − 0.357), and serum lactate ( r  = 0.276). Conclusion The RRI, uMCP-1, and uNGAL have a similar ability to predict AKI. The RRI is more specific, while urine biomarkers are more sensitive to predict stage 3 AKI. The RRI correlates with hemodynamic variables. The novel uMCP-1 could be a useful biomarker that needs to be extensively studied.
Background Kidney insults due to various pathogenic factors, such as trauma, infection, and inflammation, can cause tubular epithelial cell injury and death, leading to acute kidney injury and the transformation of acute kidney injury to chronic kidney disease. There is no definitive treatment available. In previous studies, human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells have been shown to promote kidney injury. In this preclinical study, we investigate the role and mechanism of human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cell exosomes (HucMSC-Exos) on the repair of renal tubular epithelial cells after injury. Methods C57BL/6 mice underwent unilateral ureteral obstruction, and epithelial cell injury was induced in HK-2 cells by cisplatin. HucMSC-Exos were assessed in vivo and in vitro. The extent of renal cell injury, activation of necroptosis pathway, and mitochondrial quality-control-related factors were determined in different groups. We also analyzed the possible regulatory effector molecules in HucMSC-Exos by transcriptomics. Results HucMSC-Exo inhibited necroptosis after renal tubular epithelial cell injury and promoted the dephosphorylation of the S637 site of the Drp1 gene by reducing the expression of PGAM5. This subsequently inhibited mitochondrial fission and maintained mitochondrial functional homeostasis, mitigating renal injury and promoting repair. In addition, HucMSC-Exo displayed a regulatory role by targeting RIPK1 through miR-874-3p. Conclusion The collective findings of the present study demonstrate that HucMSC-Exos can regulate necroptosis through miR-874-3p to attenuate renal tubular epithelial cell injury and enhance repair, providing new therapeutic modalities and ideas for the treatment of AKI and the process of AKI to CKD transformation to mitigate renal damage.
Background Strongyloidiasis is an infectious disease that can be fatal in immunocompromised patients. Patients with end-stage renal failure who are on dialysis have a considerably weakened immune system, and organ transplantation is a major risk factor for severe strongyloidiasis. Knowledge of the local epidemiology in tropical and subtropical areas is an essential prerequisite for designing an appropriate strategy to prevent this potentially lethal complication. In this study, we aimed to estimate the prevalence and associated risk factors of S. stercoralis infection in patients on dialysis in Cochabamba, Bolivia. Methods A cross-sectional study was carried out among patients undergoing haemodialysis in Cochabamba (elevation 2,500 m, temperate climate), collecting information on socio-demographic, lifestyle, and clinical variables, and using one coproparasitological technique (the modified Baermann technique) and one serological (ELISA) test for S.stercoralis diagnosis. Results In total, 149 patients participated in the study (mean age = 51.4 years, 48.3% male). End-stage renal disease was predominantly (59%) of hypertensive and/or diabetic origin. The positive serological prevalence was 18.8% (95% CI: 13.3%–25.9%). Based on the sensitivity and specificity of the ELISA test, the estimate of the actual prevalence was 15.1% (95% CI: 9.4%–20.7%). Stool samples of 105 patients (70.5%) showed a coproparasitological prevalence of 1.9% (95% CI: 0.52%–6.68%). No potential risk factors were significantly associated with  S. stercoralis  infection. Conclusions We found a high seroprevalence of  S. stercoralis in Bolivian patients undergoing haemodialysis in Cochabamba. We recommend presumptive antiparasitic treatment at regular intervals to avoid the potentially fatal complications of severe strongyloidiasis.
Background Exstrophy-epispadias complex (EEC) is a complex malformation of the lower abdominal wall, bladder, and pelvic floor, which necessitates multiple successive reconstruction procedures. Surgical and infectious complications are frequent. Our aim was to evaluate kidney function in these patients. Methods This cross-sectional study included patients with EEC, followed since birth in a pediatric urology clinic, who underwent nephrological evaluation (blood pressure (BP) measurement and blood and urine chemistries) and imaging studies (urinary tract ultrasound and DMSA kidney scan) during 2017–2020. Results Forty-three patients (29 males), median age 9 years (interquartile range 6–19), were included. Eleven (26%) used clean intermittent catheterization (CIC) for bladder drainage. At least one sign of kidney injury was identified in 32 (74%) patients; elevated BP, decreased kidney function (estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 90 ml/min/1.73 m^2), and proteinuria/albuminuria were detected in 29%, 12%, and 36% of patients, respectively. Urinary tract dilatation (UTD) was found in 13 (37%) ultrasound examinations. Parenchymal kidney defects were suspected in 46% and 61% of ultrasound and DMSA scintigraphy, respectively. UTD was significantly associated with DMSA-proven kidney defects ( p  = 0.043) and with elevated BP, 39% vs. 20% in those without UTD. Decreased eGFR and elevated BP were less frequent among patients on CIC than among patients who voided spontaneously: 10% vs. 14% and 18% vs. 36%, respectively. Recurrent UTIs/bacteriuria and nephro/cystolithiasis were reported by 44% and 29% patients, respectively. Conclusion The high rate of signs of kidney injury in pediatric patients with EEC dictates early-onset long-term kidney function monitoring by joint pediatric urological and nephrological teams. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Angiomyolipoma with epithelial cysts is a rare variant of an angiomyolipoma that typically occurs sporadically. Patients with pre-existing kidney lesion or disease have significantly increased risk of morbidity and mortality associated with trauma. Abnormal and diseased kidneys are frequently injured by low or insignificant velocity impacts. The vulnerability of these kidneys is related to the type of pathology. However, cystic or hydronephrotic kidneys are more susceptible to trauma. Recent studies have shown an association of this rare entity with tuberous sclerosis complex. Despite the rarity of genetic association of Angiomyolipoma with epithelial cysts and tuberous sclerosis, the emerging findings raise the necessity of genetic testing of these lesions to confirm a remote possibility of tuberous sclerosis complex. Case presentation We report a case of a 38-year-old male patient who sustained a right renal injury as a result of a gunshot to the abdomen and underwent an emergency nephrectomy due to hemodynamic instability. A grossly looking shattered kidney was surgically removed. The morphology in conjunction with immunohistochemistry of the specimen favoured a diagnosis of Angiomyolipoma with epithelial cysts. Conclusion This is the first reported case of angiomyolipoma with epithelial cysts diagnosed on a nephrectomy specimen from renal trauma. We aim to highlight an approach to renal trauma on a kidney with pre-existing AMLEC as well as an approach to adult cystic renal neoplasms and to propose the importance of genetic testing for Tuberous Sclerosis.
Background Although epithelioid angiomyolipoma of the kidney has been studied by several groups, the reported prevalence of malignant behavior remains uncertain and there are not yet definitive predictive biomarkers. We evaluated the behavior of renal epithelioid angiomyolipoma in a consecutive series in a single institution and investigated the prognostic value of aberrant p53 expression and TFE3 gene abnormality. Methods We retrospectively reviewed 14 epithelioid angiomyolipomas, most with pure or close to pure epithelioid components, comprising 12 consecutive cases who had attended our institution and two consultation cases. Fluorescence in situ hybridization with TFE3 break-apart probe was performed on 14 cases. The 14 cases were also labeled for p53 and TFE3 by immunohistochemistry. All cases were followed up. Results Three of the epithelioid angiomyolipomas were strongly positive for TFE3 and two had a mutant expression of p53. Although no TFE3 gene rearrangement was found, the two tumors with strong TFE3 expression showed TFE3 gene amplification. Follow-up details were available for seven of the 12 consecutive cases: two of them had developed metastases and died (29%), their mean overall survival was 41 months, and both had mutant p53 expression. The two consultation cases with TFE3 gene amplification developed recurrence/metastasis within 1 year after surgery. Conclusions Our series study from a single institution presented the prevalence of malignant behavior in pure epithelioid angiomyolipomas, although the small number of cases with follow-up data greatly reduced the accuracy. p53 may be a prognostic marker for epithelioid angiomyolipoma. Cases with TFE3 gene amplification had poor prognoses.
Background Following kidney transplantation, BK virus associated nephropathy (BKVN) occurs in 1 to 10% of kidney transplant recipients (KTR) and represents a major cause of graft loss. We aim at identifying factors associated with biopsy proven BKVN among KTR. Methods We conducted a retrospective case–control study including all KTR with a biopsy-proven diagnosis of BKVN between 2005 and 2019. Clinical characteristics and outcome were described. For each case, one control KTR without BKV infection was identified and matched by age, transplant date, and donor status. Factors associated with BKVN diagnosis were identified using exact conditional logistic regression. Comparative survival was described using Kaplan–Meier estimator. Results Sixty-four cases of BKVN were identified among 1737 new kidney transplantation (3.7% prevalence). Clinical characteristics did not differ between groups, except for a higher c-PRA among cases. BKVN occurred in a median time of 11 (5–14.5) months after KT, and was associated with a significantly impaired graft function at diagnosis. Following BKVN, 61 (95%) of the patients had immunosuppression reduction, which led to BKV DNAemia resolution in 49% of cases. In multivariate analysis, factors associated with BKVN diagnosis were lymphopenia < 500/mm^3 and a prednisone dose > 7.5 mg/day. Median duration of follow-up was 40 months for both groups. BKVN was associated with a significantly increased risk of graft rejection ( P  = 0.02) and return to dialysis ( P  = 0.01). Conclusions BKVN remains a severe complication in KTR and is associated with an increased risk for acute rejection and return to dialysis. Lymphopenia below 500/mm^3 and corticosteroid maintenance therapy are significantly associated with biopsy-proven BKVN diagnosis.
Ethnopharmacological relevance Sepsis is a systemic inflammatory response syndrome caused by an infection in the body, and accompanying acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common complication of sepsis. It is associated with increased mortality and morbidity. Forsythia Fructus, the dried fruit of Forsythia suspensa (Thunb.) Vahl, is a commonly used traditional Chinese medicine. Aims of the study This study aimed to elucidate the protective effect of Forsythiaside A (FTA) on sepsis-induced AKI by downregulating inflammatory and apoptotic responses, and exploring its underlying mechanism. Methods Septic AKI was induced through intraperitoneal injection of LPS (10 mg/kg) using male C57BL/6 mice and pretreated with FTA or control saline. First, we assessed the degree of renal injury by creatinine, blood urea nitrogen measurement, and HE staining of renal tissue; secondly, the inflammation and apoptosis were measured byELISA, qPCR, and TUNEL immunofluorescence; finally, the mechanism was explored by computer molecular docking and Western blot. Results Our data showed that FTA markedly attenuated pathological kidney injuries, alleviated the elevation of serum BUN and Creatinine, suggesting the renal protective effect of FTA. Notably, FTA significantly inhibited the renal expression of proinflammatory cytokine IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α both at protein and mRNA levels and attenuated cell apoptosis in the kidney, as measured by caspase-3 immunoblot and TUNEL assay, indicating its anti-Inflammation and antiapoptotic properties. Mechanistically, administration of LPS resulted in robust endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress responses in the kidney, evidenced by glucose-regulated protein 78(GRP78) upregulation, protein kinase RNA–like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (PERK) activation, eukaryotic initiation factor 2 alpha (elF2α) phosphorylation and C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP) overexpression, which could be significantly blocked by FTA pretreatment. Dynamic simulation and molecular docking were performed to provide further insight. Conclusions Collectively, our data suggest that FTA ameliorates sepsis-induced acute kidney injury via its anti-inflammation and antiapoptotic properties by regulating PERK signaling dependent ER stress responses.
Hypertension is frequent in children with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Its prevalence varies according to CKD stage and cause. It is relatively uncommon in children with congenital kidney disease, while acquired kidney disease is associated with a higher prevalence of hypertension. Studies in children with CKD utilizing ambulatory blood pressure monitoring also showed a high prevalence of masked hypertension. Uncontrolled and longstanding hypertension in children is associated with progression of CKD. Aggressive treatment of high blood pressure should be an essential part of care to delay CKD progression in children.
Background Cardiovascular disease is often associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD), resulting in an increased risk for poor outcome. We sought to determine short-term mortality and overall survival in ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients with different stages of CKD. Methods In our retrospective cohort study with health insurance claims data of the Allgemeine Ortskrankenkasse (AOK), anonymized data of all STEMI patients hospitalized between 2010 and 2017 were analyzed regarding presence and severity of concomitant CKD. Results A total of 175,187 patients had an index-hospitalisation for STEMI (without CKD: 78.6% patients, CKD stage 1: 0.8%, CKD stage 2: 4.8%, CKD stage 3: 11.7%, CKD stage 4: 2.8%, CKD stage 5: 0.7%, CKD stage 5d: 0.6%). Patients with CKD were older and had more co-morbidities than patients without CKD. With increasing CKD severity, patients received less revascularization therapies (91.2%, 85.9%, 87.0%, 81.8%, 71.7%, 76.9% and 78.6% respectively, p  < 0.001). After 1 year, guideline-recommended medications were prescribed less frequently in advanced CKD (83.4%, 79.3%, 81.5%, 74.7%, 65.0%, 59.4% and 53.7%, respectively, p  < 0.001). CKD stages 4, 5 and 5d as well as chronic limb threatening ischemia (CLTI) were associated with decreased overall survival [CKD stage 4: hazard ratio (HR) 1.72; 95% CI 1.66–1.78; CKD stage 5: HR 2.55; 95% CI 2.37–2.73; CKD stage 5d: 5.64; 95% CI 5.42–5.86; CLTI: 2.06; 95% CI 1.98–2.13; all p  < 0.001]. Conclusions CKD is a frequent co-morbidity in patients with STEMI and is associated with a worse prognosis especially in advanced stages. Guideline-recommended therapies in patients with STEMI and CKD are still underused.
Background The aerial part of Ocimum lamiifolium is commonly used in Ethiopian traditional medicine. Although this plant is mostly used in traditional medicine, its safety profile has not been documented yet. The aim of this study was to assess the sub-chronic toxicity of O. lamiifolium aqueous extract in rats and to determine the toxicity profile of GC–MS identified bioactive compounds obtained from essential oil of O. lamiifolium using in silico toxicity methods. Methods Eighty rats (40 male and 40 female) were randomly assigned to four groups of ten rats per sex/group. For 90 days, Groups I-III received 200, 400, and 600 mg/kg bw of aqueous extract of O. lamiifolium , respectively. Distilled water was given to Group IV (control). Clinical observations, food intake, and rat weight were all recorded during the experiment. In addition, several biochemical parameters, organ weight, and histology of the liver and kidney were all evaluated. For the in-silico toxicity study, GC–MS identified bioactive compounds in O. lamiifolium essential oil were obtained from published articles. The compounds two-dimensional structures were constructed using Chemdraw. The two-dimensional structures were converted into a simplified molecular input line entry system (SMILES) using the Swiss ADMET web tool. Furthermore, the toxicity parameters were predicted using the ProTox II server. Results The administration of an aqueous extract of O. lamiifolium leaves significantly ( p  < 0.05) reduced the test animals' food intake and body weight gain. In the high dose (600 mg/kg bw) treated group, the serum alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, and alkaline phosphatase levels were significantly increased ( p  < 0.05). In female rats given 600 mg/kg bw of O. lamiifolium , the levels of serum urea were also increased. In addition, rats given 600 mg/kg bw had significantly lower blood glucose levels than the control group ( p  < 0.05). Doses up to 400 mg/kg bw didn’t bring a significant change to the histology of the liver. However, in the high dose (600 mg/kg bw) treated group, some female rats' livers showed mild sinusoidal and central vein dilatation, as well as parenchymal necrosis. our findings showed that all compounds derived from the essential oil of O. lamiifolium showed no mutagenicity or cytotoxicity. However, 30% of the compounds tested were hepatotoxic, 20% carcinogenic, and 20% immunotoxin. Conclusion Our findings showed that oral administration of O. lamiifoliums aqueous extract up to a dose of 400 mg/kg bw is not toxic. However, high-dose (600 mg/kg bw) significantly affected the food consumption and weight gain of the experimental rats and the serum concentration of some liver and kidney enzymes were also significantly increased. Additionally, a considerable proportion of the tested compounds were predicted to be hepatotoxic, carcinogenic and immunotoxin. Furthermore, before employing O. lamiifolium preparations as drugs, a chronic toxicity research on the essential oil as well as its components that exhibited toxicity in the in-silico toxicity study is needed. Finally, use high doses of O. lamiifolium leaves with caution.
Background Contrast-induced acute kidney injury (CI-AKI) is the third most common cause of hospital-acquired renal failure. However, there is no effective treatment of CI-AKI, and its mechanism is unknown. Interestingly, atorvastatin has been reported to be effective in renal injury. Therefore, the aim of this study was to explore the effect and possible molecular mechanism of atorvastatin in CI-AKI. Methods On the CI-AKI in vitro model, rat tubular epithelial cells (NRK-52E) were treated with 18 mg I/ml meglumine diatrizoate (MEG) and then pretreated with atorvastatin. pcDNA3.1-TLR4 treatment was performed to overexpress toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) in NRK-52E cells. Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) kits were used to detect NRK-52E cell viability as well as LDH release in each group, respectively; qRT-PCR to determine mRNA expression of TLR4 in cells; western blot to detect protein expression levels of pyroptosis-related proteins (NLRP3, caspase-1, ASC, and GSDMD) and TLR4/MyD88/NF-κB signaling pathway-related proteins (TLR4, MyD88, NF-κBp65, and p-NF-κB p65) in cells. Results MEG treatment significantly inhibited the viability of NRK-52E cells, increased pro-inflammatory factor levels and promoted pyroptosis, representing successful establishment of a rat tubular epithelial cell (NRK-52E) CI-AKI in vitro model. Notably, atorvastatin increased the activity of MEG-treated NRK-52E cells and alleviated cell injury in a concentration-dependent manner. In addition, atorvastatin significantly down-regulated the expression of TLR4 in MEG-treated NRK-52E cells. However, overexpression of TLR4 inhibited the effects of atorvastatin on increasing cell viability, alleviating cell injury, reducing pro-inflammatory factors (IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α) levels, and inhibiting apoptosis (by down-regulating the expression of NLRP3, caspase-1, ASC, and GSDMD). Furthermore, atorvastatin also inhibited the expression of TLR4/MyD88/NF-κB pathway-related proteins (TLR4, MyD88, and p-NF-κB p65). Conclusion Atorvastatin can attenuate CI-AKI through increasing the activity of MEG-treated renal tubular epithelial cells, relieving cell injury, as well as inhibiting pyroptosis and inflammation. More importantly, the mechanism was achieved by inhibiting the TLR4//MyD88/NF-κB signaling pathway.
Background During the last few decades, pathogenic mechanisms associated with uncontrolled activation of the complement (C) system and development of anti-C agents have been closely investigated in the field of nephrology. The usefulness of some C products such as C5a and sC5b-9 for diagnostic and prognostic purposes remains controversial. On the other hand, decreased renal function is being observed in many patients with or without nephritis as a background factor in progressively aging societies. We therefore investigated whether renal function influenced the evaluation of various complement components and activation products. Methods To investigate the influence of renal function on evaluations of C3, C4, CH50, Ba, C5a and sC5b-9, 40 patients were retrospectively chosen from among 844 patients without active glomerulonephritis from 2009 to 2016. We measured plasma and serum levels of C3, C4, CH50, Ba, C5a and sC5b-9 using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays and compared the findings with inulin clearance (Cin) as a marker of preserved renal function. Results Both plasma and serum levels of Ba correlated significantly with Cin, but other values did not. Compared with patients with Cin ≥ 60 or ≥ 30 mL/min/1.73 m^2, plasma and serum levels of Ba were increased in patients with Cin decreased to < 60 or < 30 mL/min/1.73 m^2, but levels of C5a and sC5b-9 were not. Conclusion The influence of renal function might need to be considered when evaluating Ba, but not C5a and sC5b-9, in plasma and serum samples from chronic kidney disease patients.
Pediatric patients on kidney replacement therapy (KRT) are among the most vulnerable during large-scale disasters, either natural or man-made. Hemodialysis (HD) treatments may be impossible because of structural damage and/or shortage of medical supplies, clean water, electricity, and healthcare professionals. Lack of peritoneal dialysis (PD) solutions and increased risk of infectious/non-infectious complications may make PD therapy challenging. Non-availability of immunosuppressants and increased risk of infections may result in graft loss and deaths of kidney transplant recipients. Measures to mitigate these risks must be considered before, during, and after the disaster including training of staff and patients/caregivers to cope with medical and logistic problems. Soon after a disaster, if the possibility of performing HD or PD is uncertain, patients should be directed to other centers, or the duration and/or number of HD sessions or the PD prescription adapted. In kidney transplant recipients, switching among immunosuppressants should be considered in case of non-availability of the medications. Post-disaster interventions target treating neglected physical and mental problems and also improving social challenges. All problems experienced by pediatric KRT patients living in the affected area are applicable to displaced patients who may also face extra risks during their travel and also at their destination. The need for additional local, national, and international help and support of non-governmental organizations must be anticipated and sought in a timely manner.
Background Survival to hospital discharge in neonates born with kidney failure has not been previously described. Methods This was a retrospective, observational analysis of the Pediatric Health Information System (PHIS) database from 2005 to 2019. Primary outcome was survival at discharge; secondary outcomes were hospital and ICU length of stay (LOS). Univariate analysis was performed to describe the population by birth weight (BW) and characterize survival; multivariable generalized liner mixed modeling assuming a binomial distribution and logit link was performed to identify mortality risk factors. Results Of 213 neonates born with kidney failure (median BW 2714 g; GA 35 weeks; 68% male), 4 (1.9%) did not receive dialysis or peritoneal dialysis (PD) catheter placement, 152 (72.9%) received PD only, 49 (23.4%) received PD plus extracorporeal dialysis (ECD), and 8 (3.4%) were treated with an undocumented dialysis modality. Median age at dialysis initiation was 7 days; median hospital LOS and ICU LOS were 84 and 69 days, respectively. One-hundred and sixty-two patients (76%) survived to discharge. Non-survivors ( n  = 51) were more likely to have received ECD and mechanical ventilation, and had a longer duration of mechanical ventilation. Every day of mechanical ventilation increased the mortality odds by 2% ( n  = 189; adjusted OR 1.02; 1.01, 1.03); in addition, the odds of mortality were 2 times higher in those who received ECD vs. only PD (adjusted OR 2.25; 1.04, 4.86). Conclusions Survival to initial hospital discharge occurs in the majority of neonates born with kidney failure. Predictors of increased mortality included longer duration of mechanical ventilation, as well as the requirement for ECD. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) are frequently associated with Mullerian anomalies. This can be explained by the fact that Mullerian duct elongation depends on the preformed Wolffian duct during embryogenesis. While CAKUT such as unilateral renal agenesis and multicystic dysplastic kidney are commonly identified prenatally by routine ultrasound, the diagnosis of Mullerian anomalies is often delayed, increasing the risk of complications such as endometriosis or pelvic inflammatory disease. Herein, we report a case of a premenarchal girl who had initially been diagnosed with right multicystic dysplastic kidney. She presented with continuous urinary incontinence at 4 years old and further evaluation by contrast-enhanced computed tomography, cystoscopy, colposcopy, ureterography, and hysterosalpingography led to the final diagnosis of right hypodysplastic kidney and ectopic ureter associated with bicornuate uterus. A strong family history of uterine malformations prompted the examination of the uterus. Genetic testing was suggested but the family declined. She is planned to be referred to a gynecologist at puberty for further assessment. The recognition and screening rate of concurrent Mullerian anomalies in CAKUT patients varies between institutions. Screening for Mullerian anomalies in prediagnosed CAKUT girls may enable to provide timely counseling and to prevent gynecological complications.
Background The leading cause of advanced chronic kidney disease (CKD) in children is congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT). However, the most appropriate parameters of biochemical urine analysis for detecting CAKUT with kidney dysfunction are not known. Methods The present observational study analyzed data on children with CAKUT (stage 2–4 CKD) and the general pediatric population obtained from school urine screenings. The sensitivity and specificity of urine alpha 1-microglobulin-, beta 2-microglobulin-, protein-, and the albumin-to-creatinine ratios (AMCR, BMCR, PCR, ACR, respectively) in detecting CAKUT with kidney dysfunction were compared with those of the conventional urine dipstick, and the most appropriate of these four parameters were evaluated. Results In total, 77 children with CAKUT and 1712 subjects in the general pediatric population fulfilled the eligibility criteria. Conventional dipstick urinalysis was insufficient due to its low sensitivity; even when the threshold of proteinuria was +/−, its sensitivity was only 29.7% for stage 2 and 44.1% for stage 3 CKD. Among the four parameters assessed, the AMCR and BMCR were adequate for detecting CAKUT in children with stage 3–4 CKD (the respective sensitivity and specificity of the AMCR for detecting CAKUT in stage 3 CKD was 79.4% and 97.5% while that of BMCR was 82.4% and 97.5%). These data were validated using national cohort data. Conclusion AMCR and BMCR are superior to dipstick urinalysis, PCR, and ACR in detecting CAKUT with kidney dysfunction, particularly stage 3 CKD. However, for AMCR, external validation is required. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of non-papillary prone PCNL for the treatment of patients with renal abnormalities. Methods An observational retrospective cohort study including PCNL cases of patients with renal abnormalities was performed. The following inclusion criteria were applied: renal stones > 1.5 cm with maximal diameter, anatomical malformations of affected kidney (malrotated kidneys, horseshoe kidneys and kidneys with complete duplicated systems, medullary sponge kidney), patients treated with standard (30Fr) PCNL or mini-PCNL (22Fr). The lithotripsy was performed using the Lithoclast Master or the Lithoclast^® Trilogy (EMS Medical, Nyon, Switzerland). Results Overall, 57 patients, 35 males, and 22 females with any renal malformation underwent non-papillary prone PCNL. Our study included 25 patients with horseshoe kidneys, 21 with malrotated kidneys, 9 with kidneys with duplicated pelvicalyceal systems and 2 with medullary sponge kidneys. The mean cumulative stone size was 36 ± 1.4 mm and most of the stones were in the lower calyceal group (36.9%) and in the pelvis (27.2%). The stone-free rate (SFR) was 84.2% and the mean hospitalization time was 2.7 ± 0.7 days. In total, postoperative complications were developed in six patients (10.5%), half of them presenting fever and the other half requiring blood transfusion (Grade II). Conclusion The PCNL is the method of choice for treating large stones in anomalous kidneys. The generally accepted panacea that only a papillary puncture is safe is questioned by our results. Based on our experience, a non-papillary puncture proved to be a safe and effective procedure.
Background Elevated serum uric acid concentration is a risk factor for CKD progression. Its change over time and association with CKD etiology and concomitant changes in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in children and adolescents are unknown. Methods Longitudinal study of 153 children/adolescents with glomerular (G) and 540 with non-glomerular (NG) etiology from the CKD in Children (CKiD) study. Baseline serum uric acid, change in uric acid and eGFR over time, CKD etiology, and comorbidities were monitored. Adjusted linear mixed-effects regression models quantified the relationship between within-person changes in uric acid and concurrent within-person changes in eGFR. Results Participants with stable uric acid over follow-up had CKD progression which became worse for increased baseline uric acid (average annual percentage changes in eGFR were − 1.4%, − 7.7%, and − 14.7% in those with G CKD with baseline uric acid < 5.5 mg/dL, 5.5 − 7.5 mg/dL, and > 7.5 mg/dL, respectively; these changes were − 1.4%, − 4.1%, and − 8.6% in NG CKD). Each 1 mg/dL increase in uric acid over follow-up was independently associated with significant concomitant eGFR decreases of − 5.7% (95% CI  − 8.4 to − 3.0%) (G) and − 5.1% (95% CI  − 6.3 to − 4.0%) (NG) for those with baseline uric acid < 5.5 mg/dL and − 4.3% (95% CI  − 6.8 to − 1.6%) (G) and − 3.3% (95% CI  − 4.1 to − 2.6%) (NG) with baseline uric acid between 5.5 and 7.5 mg/dL. Conclusions Higher uric acid levels and increases in uric acid over time are risk factors for more severe progression of CKD in children and adolescents. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Objective To compare the diagnostic performance and inter-reader agreement of the CT-based v2019 versus v2005 Bosniak classification systems for risk stratification of cystic renal lesions (CRL). Methods This retrospective study included adult patients with CRL identified on CT scan between 2005 and 2018. The reference standard was histopathology or a minimum 4-year imaging follow-up. The studies were reviewed independently by five readers (three senior, two junior), blinded to pathology results and imaging follow-up, who assigned Bosniak categories based on the 2005 and 2019 versions. Diagnostic performance of v2005 and v2019 Bosniak classifications for distinguishing benign from malignant lesions was calculated by dichotomizing CRL into the potential for ablative therapy (III-IV) or conservative management (I-IIF). Inter-reader agreement was calculated using Light’s Kappa. Results One hundred thirty-nine patients with 149 CRL (33 malignant) were included. v2005 and v2019 Bosniak classifications achieved similar diagnostic performance with a sensitivity of 91% vs 91% and a specificity of 89% vs 88%, respectively. Inter-reader agreement for overall Bosniak category assignment was substantial for v2005 (κ = 0.78) and v2019 (κ = 0.75) between senior readers but decreased for v2019 when the Bosniak classification was dichotomized to conservative management (I-IIF) or ablative therapy (III-IV) (0.80 vs 0.71, respectively). For v2019, wall thickness was the morphological feature with the poorest inter-reader agreement (κ = 0.43 and 0.18 for senior and junior readers, respectively). Conclusion No significant improvement in diagnostic performance and inter-reader agreement was shown between v2005 and v2019. The observed decrease in inter-reader agreement in v2019 when dichotomized according to management strategy may reflect the more stringent morphological criteria. Key Points • Versions 2005 and 2019 Bosniak classifications achieved similar diagnostic performance, but the specificity of higher risk categories (III and IV) was not increased while one malignant lesion was downgraded to v2019 Bosniak category II (i.e., not subjected to further follow-up). • Inter-reader agreement was similar between v2005 and v2019 but moderately decreased for v2019 when the Bosniak classification was dichotomized according to the potential need for ablative therapies (I-II-IIF vs III-IV).
Purpose The management of solitary kidney tumors is a surgical challenge, requiring irreproachable results on both oncological and functional outcomes. The goal of our study was to compare the perioperative results of robotic-assisted partial nephrectomy (RAPN) to open surgery in this indication. Methods We led a multicentric study based on the prospectively maintained French national database UroCCR. Patients who underwent partial nephrectomy on a solitary kidney between 1988 and 2020 were included. Clinical and pathological data were retrospectively analyzed. The main outcome of the study was the analysis of the variation of the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) calculated according to MDRD at 3, 6, 12, and 24 months depending on the chosen surgical approach. The secondary outcomes were the comparison of Trifecta success, perioperative complications, and length of hospital stay. Results In total, 150 patients were included; 68 (45%) in the RAPN group and 82 (55%) in the open surgery group. The two groups were comparable for all data. The variation of eGFR at 3, 6, 12, or 24 months was comparable without any significant difference between the 2 groups ( p  = 0.45). Trifecta was achieved in 40% of the patients in the RAPN group and 33% in the open group ( p  = 0.42). A significant difference was observed for the length of stay, 5 days for the robot group versus 9 days for the open surgery group ( p  < 0.0001). Conclusion In our study, the surgical approach did not modify functional results and we noted a significant decrease in hospital stay and complications in the RAPN group. RAPN is a safe and efficient method for management of kidney tumors in solitary kidneys.
In very rare cases, horseshoe kidney can present simultaneously with renal hemangioma. Nephron-sparing surgery (NSS) is a minimally invasive surgical procedure for horseshoe kidney with tumor, but it is difficult to operate and has not been reported. We report a 71-year-old female with imaging examination revealed an unexpected horseshoe kidney malformation and a cystic mass in the right kidney before her bladder cancer surgery. After one and a half years of follow-up, the mass was progressively enlarged, and was classified as Bosniak type III. After evaluating the anatomical structure around the lesion by 3D reconstruction computed tomography, she received cystoscopic right double J ureteral catheter placement combined with retroperitoneal laparoscopic partial nephrectomy of the right kidney. After a 3-month follow-up, no tumor recurrence was observed, with normal kidney function. Retroperitoneal laparoscopic NSS of horseshoe kidney with hemangioma is feasible and adequate preoperative 3D reconstruction imaging is the guarantee of safe and smooth operation.
Background This study aimed to determine incidence of kidney complications in pediatric allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) patients. Methods Pediatric allogeneic HSCT patients were included. Post-transplantation urinary system complications were collected from medical records and glomerular filtration rates at last visit compared with clinical parameters. Additionally, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring was performed. Results The study included 165 pediatric patients. Acute kidney injury (AKI) developed in 125 (75.8%) patients of whom 54 (43.2%) had stage 1, 36 (28.8%) stage 2, and 35 (28%) stage 3 AKI. Primary malignant disease and viral infection post-HSCT were associated with increased risk of AKI ( OR : 4; 95% CI : 1.2–13, p = 0.022 and OR : 2.9; 95% CI : 1.2–6.8, p = 0.014, respectively). Mean duration of post-HSCT follow-up was 4.4 ± 2.5 years, during which time 8 patients had chronic kidney disease (CKD) (stage 1, 4 patients; stage 2, 3 patients; stage 3, 1 patient). CKD incidence was higher in patients in whom stem cell product was bone marrow + cord blood and mobilized peripheral blood, compared to bone marrow alone (40–37.5% versus 5.1%, p = 0.002). Based on 24-h ABPM, 14.7% and 7.4% of patients with normal office blood pressure had pre-hypertension and hypertension, respectively. In patients with albuminuria/severe albuminuria, daytime and nighttime systolic SDS scores were higher than those without albuminuria/severe albuminuria ( p = 0.010 and p = 0.004, respectively). Conclusions Incidence of AKI is higher in pediatric HSCT patients with primary malignant disease and those with documented viral infection. Our study highlights the beneficial role of 24-h ABPM as a routine part of standard care of pediatric HSCT recipients.
A 59-year-old post-menopausal female presented with complaints of per vaginal spotting for 3 months. Histopathological examination of contents of dilation and curettage revealed endometrial carcinoma (FIGO stage I), along with benign endocervical polyps. MRI also showed presence of left-sided structure indicative of ectopic pelvic kidney. The patient underwent laparoscopic radical hysterectomy, bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy and bilateral ilio-obturator lymph node dissection. Dissection was started along the left pelvic plane. The left pelvic kidney was seen, and left ureter was located and confirmed below the uterus. The patient withstood the procedure well. Anomalies of pelvic anatomy, such as a malpresentation of the kidney and ureter, may prove as surgical challenges while performing open and laparoscopic surgery. However, in depth preoperative imaging, meticulous intraoperative dissection and proper identification of surrounding structures reduces the risk of such complications.
Purpose This study aims to develop and validate a risk score to predict the occurrence of DKD in individuals with type 2 diabetes using a machine learning (ML) approach. Methods By implementing Recursive Feature Elimination with Cross-Validation (RFECV) and RFE on the Diabetes Clinic of Imam Khomeini Hospital Complex (IKHC) dataset, the most critical features were identified. These features were used in the multivariate logistic regression (LR) analysis, and the discrimination and calibration of the model were evaluated. Finally, external validation of the model was assessed. Results The development dataset included 1907 type 2 diabetic patients, 763 of whom developed DKD over 5 years. The predictive model performed well in the development dataset by implementing RFECV with the RF algorithm and considering six features (AUC: 79%). Using these features, the LR-based risk score indicated appropriate discrimination (AUC: 75.5%, 95% CI 73–78%) and acceptable calibration ( $${\chi }^{2}$$ χ 2 = 7.44; p value = 0.49). This risk score was then used for 1543 diabetic patients in the validation dataset, including 633 patients with DKD over 5 years. The results showed sufficient discrimination (AUC: 75.8%, 95% CI 73–78%) of the risk score in the validation dataset. Conclusions We developed and validated a new risk score for predicting DKD via ML approach, which used common features in the periodic screening of type 2 diabetic patients that are readily available. In addition, a web-based online tool that is readily available to the public was developed to calculate the DKD risk score.
In the world, chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been recognized as one of the critical public health problems, and the prevalence is higher in the elderly people. However, there are few studies on the association between exposure to multiple serum metal levels and CKD. A case–control study, we established, for elderly people in Anhui Province, China, to explore the effects of different metals and analyze the effect of mixed exposure on CKD. In this study, 287 cases of CKD and 287 controls were selected in the elderly health physical examination project in Tongling City, Anhui Province. Questionnaire survey, physical examination, and blood collection were conducted. Graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry (GFAAS) and inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry (ICP-OES) were used to measure the concentration of serum metals. After selecting by least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO), 5 metals were brought into the multi-metal model. After adjusting all potential covariates additionally, the concentrations of lead (Pb), cadmium (Cd), cobalt (Co), and manganese (Mn) were significantly associated with CKD risk, whereas Pb, Se, and Cd had significant non-linearity with CKD. Besides, patients with highest quartiles of cobalt (Co), lead (Pb), and manganese (Mn) were 1.64, 1.39, and 0.64 times more possible to have CKD, respectively, as compared with the lowest levels. In the Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) model, cadmium (Cd) had a combined effect with lead (Pb) possibly. This study suggested that the CKD risk was associated with exposure of multiple metals in elderly people. The underlying mechanisms of serum metals and CKD need more experimental and prospective studies to elucidate.
Background Constipation is a common complication in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and is involved in the pathogenesis of dysbiosis and progression of CKD. However, little is known about its association with disorders of the bone–cardiovascular axis in patients with CKD. Methods We performed a cross-sectional analysis of 3878 patients with CKD using the baseline dataset of the Fukuoka Kidney disease Registry study, as a multicenter, prospective cohort study of pre-dialysis CKD patients. The main exposure of interest was constipation defined as use of at least one type of laxative. The main outcomes were the histories of bone fractures and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) as manifestations of disorders of the bone–cardiovascular axis. Results The prevalences of laxative use and histories of bone fractures and CVDs increased as kidney function declined. Among the 3878 patients, 532 (13.7%) patients used laxatives, 235 (6.1%) patients had prior bone fractures, and 1001 (25.8%) patients had prior CVDs. Histories of bone fractures and CVDs were significantly more prevalent among laxative users ( P  < 0.05). Multivariable-adjusted logistic regression analysis revealed that patients with laxatives had a significantly higher odds ratios for histories of bone fractures and CVDs than those without laxatives [adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) 1.67 (1.20–2.31) and 1.70 (1.30–2.22), respectively, P  < 0.05]. Conclusions These results suggest that constipation indicated by laxative use is associated with increased prevalences of historical bone fractures and CVDs in pre-dialysis patients with CKD.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) refers to a group of common clinical syndromes characterized by acute renal dysfunction, which may lead to chronic kidney disease (CKD), and this process is called the AKI-CKD transition. The transcriptional coactivator YAP can promote the AKI-CKD transition by regulating the expression of profibrotic factors, and 14-3-3 protein zeta (14-3-3ζ), an important regulatory protein of YAP, may prevent the AKI-CKD transition. We established an AKI-CKD model in mice by unilateral renal ischemia - reperfusion injury and overexpressed 14-3-3ζ in mice using a fluid dynamics-based gene transfection technique. We also overexpressed and knocked down 14-3-3ζ in vitro. In AKI-CKD model mice, 14-3-3ζ expression was significantly increased at the AKI stage. During the development of chronic disease, the expression of 14-3-3ζ tended to decrease, whereas active YAP was consistently overexpressed. In vitro, we found that 14-3-3ζ can combine with YAP, promote the phosphorylation of YAP, inhibit YAP nuclear translocation, and reduce the expression of fibrosis-related proteins. In an in vivo intervention experiment, we found that the overexpression of 14-3-3ζ slowed the process of renal fibrosis in a mouse model of AKI-CKD. These findings suggest that 14-3-3ζ can affect the expression of fibrosis-related proteins by regulating YAP, inhibit the maladaptive repair of renal tubular epithelial cells, and prevent the AKI-CKD transition.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis is a systemic inflammation of small or medium blood vessels that includes microscopic polyangiitis. A diagnosis of ANCA-associated vasculitis can be aided by histological identification of vasculitis, and identification of renal impairment can help predict outcomes. However, kidney biopsy is not generally indicated in the absence of renal findings. We report two cases of ANCA-associated vasculitis diagnosed by kidney biopsy despite the absence of remarkable urinary abnormality and renal impairment. These patients had fever of unknown origin and were positive for myeloperoxidase (MPO)-ANCA but showed few findings that would suggest small-vessel vasculitis in the kidney. Nevertheless, kidney biopsies revealed small-vessel arteritis, necrotizing glomerulonephritis, and interstitial nephritis. Immunofluorescent antibody tests performed using samples of glomeruli were all negative, suggesting microscopic polyangiitis. Therefore, kidney biopsy may be useful in confirming the diagnosis, even if patients have completely normal urinary findings in the absence of other organ lesions.
Background Treatment for people with kidney disease is often associated with complicated combinations of medicines. Logistical challenges with traditiona paper-based prescribing means that these patients are particularly susceptible to medication-relation errors and harm. Aim To improve the quality of care that people with kidney disease receive across Wales through a Value-Based digital transformation programme. Setting Renal units within the National Welsh Renal Clinical Network (WRCN). Development A novel Electronic Prescribing & Medicines Administration (EPMA) system, integrated into a patient care record and linked to a patient portal was developed in South West Wales (SWW) region of the WRCN, enabled by the Welsh Government (WG) Efficiency Through Technology Fund. National upscale was enabled through the WG Transformation Fund. Implementation EPMA was designed and rolled out initially in SWW region of the WRCN (2018). A dedicated delivery team used the blueprint to finalise and implement a strategy for successful national roll-out eventually across all Wales (completed 2021). Evaluation A multi-factorial approach was employed, as both the technology itself and the healthcare system within which it would be introduced, were complex. Continuous cycles of action research involving informal and formal qualitative interviews with service-users ensured that EPMA was accessible and optimally engaging to all target stakeholders (patients and staff). Results confirmed that EPMA was successful in improving the quality of care that people with kidney disease receive across Wales, contributed to Value-Based outcomes, and put people who deliver and access care at the heart of transformation. Conclusion Key findings of this study align directly with the national design principles to drive change and transformation, put forward by the WG in their plan for Health and Social Care: prevention and early intervention; safety; independence; voice; seamless care.
In recent years, the demand for non-destructive deep-tissue imaging modalities has led to interest in multiphoton endoscopy. In contrast to bench top systems, multiphoton endoscopy enables subcellular resolution imaging in areas not reachable before. Several groups have recently presented their development towards the goal of producing user friendly plug and play system, which could be used in biological research and, potentially, clinical applications. We first present the technological challenges, prerequisites, and solutions in two-photon endoscopic systems. Secondly, we focus on the applications already found in literature. These applications mostly serve as a quality check of the built system, but do not answer a specific biomedical research question. Therefore, in the last part, we will describe our vision on the enormous potential applicability of adult two-photon endoscopic systems in biological and clinical research. We will thus bring forward the concept that two-photon endoscopy is a sine qua non in bringing this technique to the forefront in clinical applications.
Background Among patients who undergo kidney transplantation, a subsequent second kidney transplantation (TX2) is often necessary. The TX2 outcomes remain controversial, however, and only limited data are available on clinical outcomes of TX2 in Japanese patients. This study aimed to assess graft and patient survival rates of TX2 and compared these rates with those of first kidney transplantation (TX1) in Japanese patients. Methods Of the 898 kidney transplantations performed between 2010 and 2019 at our institution, 33 were TX2. We performed survival analysis using weighted Kaplan–Meier analysis and Cox proportional hazards analysis with propensity score matching, specifically inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW). Results Death-censored graft survival (DCGS) rates at 1, 3, and 5 years for the TX1 versus TX2 groups were 99.3, 97.9, and 95.0% versus 100, 96.0, and 91.2%, respectively. Overall survival (OS) rates at 1, 3, and 5 years for the TX1 versus TX2 groups were 99.4, 98.9, and 97.8% versus 100, 100, and 94.4%, respectively. Using the log-rank test, IPTW-weighted Kaplan–Meier curves showed no significant differences for TX1 versus TX2 in DCGS ( p  = 0.535) and OS ( p  = 0.302). On Cox proportional hazards analysis for TX2 versus TX1, the IPTW-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for DCGS was 1.75 (95% CI, 0.28–10.9; p  = 0.550) and for OS was 2.71 (95% CI, 0.40–18.55; p  = 0.311). Conclusions For patients who require TX2, this treatment is an acceptable option based on the short-term outcomes data for DCGS and OS.
The inclusion of body mass index (BMI) as a criterion for determining kidney transplant candidacy in children raises clinical and ethical challenges. Childhood obesity is on the rise and common among children with kidney failure. In addition, obesity is reported as an independent risk factor for the development of CKD and kidney failure. Resultantly, more children with obesity are anticipated to need kidney transplants. Most transplant centers around the world use high BMI as a relative or absolute contraindication for kidney transplant. However, use of obesity as a relative or absolute contraindication for pediatric kidney transplant is controversial. Empirical data demonstrating poorer outcomes following kidney transplant in obese pediatric patients are limited. In addition, pediatric obesity is distributed inequitably among groups. Unlike adults, most children lack independent agency to choose their food sources and exercise opportunities; they are dependent on their families for these choices. In this paper, we define childhood obesity and review (1) the association and impact of obesity on kidney disease and kidney transplant, (2) existing adult guidelines and rationale for using high BMI as a criterion for kidney transplant, (3) the prevalence of childhood obesity among children with kidney failure, and (4) the existing literature on obesity and pediatric kidney transplant outcomes. We then discuss ethical considerations related to the use of obesity as a criterion for kidney transplant.
Purpose Robot-assisted partial nephrectomy (RAPN) reduces morbidity, enabling development of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) and day-case protocols. Additional financial costs limit its integration into clinical practice. We evaluated the medico-economic impact of RAPN using a nurse-led coordinated pathway of care (NLC-RAPN). Methods All tumor RAPNs performed in 2017 were prospectively included in nurse-led protocols: NP-RAAC (ERAS) or Ambu-Rein (day case). Clinico-biological and pathological data were prospectively collected within the French Research Network for Kidney Cancer database (NCT03293563). Estimated costs were compared to “average” patients at the national level operated by open partial nephrectomy (OPN) or RAPN, using data from the 2017 French hospital discharge database and the national cost scale. Results The NLC-RAPN cohort ( n  = 151) included 27 (18%) outpatients and the average hospital length of stay (LOS) was 2.4 days. In the national control cohorts for OPN ( n  = 2475) and RAPN ( n  = 3529), the average LOS were 8.0 and 5.2 days, respectively. The mean incomes per group were €7607 for NLC-RAPN, €9813 for OPN, and €8215 for RAPN. The mean daily cost of stay was €659 for NLC-RAPN, €838 for OPN, and €725 for RAPN. The overall cost for NLC-RAPN was €6594, €8733 for OPN, and €8763 for RAPN. The best operational margin was obtained for day-case NLC-RAPN (€1967). Conclusion Combining RAPN with nurse-led coordinated pathways of care led to a shorter hospital stay and reduced costs versus OPN. This may facilitate the economic sustainability of robotic assistance for hospitals where the extra cost is not covered by the healthcare system.
Purpose To collect a multicentric database on behalf of TOWER research group to assess practice patterns and outcomes of retrograde intrarenal surgery (RIRS) for kidney stones. Methods Inclusion criteria: age ≥ 18 years, normal renal/calyceal system anatomy, calculi of any size, number, and position. Study period: January 2018 and August 2021. Stone-free status: absence of fragments > 2 mm, assessed post procedure according to the local protocol (KUB X-Ray and/or ultrasound or non-contrast CT scan). Results Twenty centers from fifteen countries enrolled 6669 patients. There were 4407 (66.2%) men. Mean age was 49.3 ± 15.59 years. Pain was the most frequent symptom indication for intervention (62.6%). 679 (10.2%) patients underwent RIRS for an incidental finding of stones. 2732 (41.0%) patients had multiple stones. Mean stone size was 10.04 ± 6.84 mm. A reusable flexible ureteroscope was used in 4803 (72.0%) procedures. A sheath-less RIRS was performed in 454 (6.8%) cases. Holmium:YAG laser was used in 4878 (73.1%) cases. A combination of dusting and fragmentation was the most common lithotripsy mode performed (64.3%). Mean operation time was 62.40 ± 17.76 min. 119 (1.8%) patients had an intraoperative injury of the ureter due to UAS insertion. Mean postoperative stay was 3.62 ± 3.47 days. At least one postoperative complication occurred in 535 (8.0%) patients. Sepsis requiring intensive care admission occurred in 84 (1.3%) patients. Residual fragments were detected in 1445 (21.7%) patients. Among the latter, 744 (51.5%) patients required a further intervention. Conclusion Our database contributes real-world data to support to a better understanding of modern RIRS practice and outcomes.
Objective To assess the diagnostic accuracy and agreement of CT and MRI in terms of the Bosniak classification version 2019 (BCv2019). Materials and methods A prospective multi-institutional study enrolled 63 patients with 67 complicated cystic renal masses (CRMs) discovered during ultrasound examination. All patients underwent CT and MRI scans and histopathology. Three radiologists independently assessed CRMs using BCv2019 and assigned Bosniak class to each CRM using CT and MRI. The final analysis included 60 histopathologically confirmed CRMs (41 were malignant and 19 were benign). Results Discordance between CT and MRI findings was noticed in 50% (30/60) CRMs when data were analyzed in terms of the Bosniak classes. Of these, 16 (53.3%) were malignant. Based on consensus reviewing, there was no difference in the sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy of the BCv2019 with MRI and BCv2019 with CT (87.8%; 95% CI = 73.8–95.9% versus 75.6%; 95% CI = 59.7–87.6%; p = 0.09, 84.2%; 95% CI = 60.4–96.6% versus 78.9%; 95% CI = 54.4–93.9%; p = 0.5, and 86.7%; 95% CI = 64.0–86.6% versus 76.7%; 95% CI = 75.4–94.1%; p = 0.1, respectively). The number and thickness of septa and the presence of enhanced nodules accounted for the majority of variations in Bosniak classes between CT and MRI. The inter-reader agreement (IRA) was substantial for determining the Bosniak class in CT and MRI ( k = 0.66; 95% CI = 0.54–0.76, k = 0.62; 95% CI = 0.50–0.73, respectively). The inter-modality agreement of the BCv219 between CT and MRI was moderate ( κ = 0.58). Conclusion In terms of BCv2019, CT and MRI are comparable in the classification of CRMs with no significant difference in diagnostic accuracy and reliability. Key Points • There is no significant difference in the sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy of the BCv2019 with MRI and BCv2019 with CT. • The number of septa and their thickness and the presence of enhanced nodules accounted for the majority of variations in Bosniak classes between CT and MRI. • The inter-reader agreement was substantial for determining the Bosniak class in CT and MRI and the inter-modality agreement of the BCv219 between CT and MRI was moderate.
Background Pediatric renal tumors are often heterogeneous lesions with variable regions of distinct histopathology. Direct comparison between in vivo imaging and ex vivo histopathology might be useful for identification of discriminating imaging features. Objective This feasibility study explored the use of a patient-specific three-dimensional (3D)-printed cutting guide to ensure correct alignment (orientation and slice thickness) between magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and histopathology. Materials and methods Before total nephrectomy, a patient-specific cutting guide based on each patient’s preoperative renal MRI was generated and 3-D printed, to enable consistent transverse orientation of the histological specimen slices with MRI slices. This was expected to result in macroscopic slices of 5 mm each. The feasibility of the technique was determined qualitatively, through questionnaires administered to involved experts, and quantitatively, based on structured measurements including overlap calculation using the dice similarity coefficient. Results The cutting guide was used in eight Wilms tumor patients receiving a total nephrectomy, after preoperative chemotherapy. The median age at diagnosis was 50 months (range: 4–100 months). The positioning and slicing of the specimens were rated overall as easy and the median macroscopic slice thickness of each specimen ranged from 5 to 6 mm. Tumor consistency strongly influenced the practical application of the cutting guide. Digital correlation of a total of 32 slices resulted in a median dice similarity coefficient of 0.912 (range: 0.530–0.960). Conclusion We report the feasibility of a patient-specific 3-D-printed MRI-based cutting guide for pediatric renal tumors, allowing improvement of the correlation of MRI and histopathology in future studies.
Crystalline light chain cast nephropathy is a rare distinct morphologic variant of light chain cast nephropathy which is the most common renal lesion associated with multiple myeloma. It is often related to high myeloma tumor burden, severe acute kidney injury, and an unfavorable prognosis. A 79-year-old Japanese man was referred to our medical center with anemia, proteinuria, and acute exacerbation of the serum creatinine accompanying anuria. A renal biopsy showed crystalline cast filling the tubular lumens, injured tubular cells, and inflammatory cells infiltration of interstitium. Serum and urine immunofixation detected a monoclonal protein (IgA-λ and Bence-Jones Protein–λ, respectively), and bone marrow examination observed 64% of plasma cells. IgA-λ type multiple myeloma-associated crystalline light chain cast nephropathy and accompanying acute kidney injury were confirmed. Hydration and emergency hemodialysis were immediately introduced, and the treatment with bortezomib and dexamethasone was initiated. The patient showed successful recovery in renal manifestations. We suggest that early use with bortezomib-based therapy should be considered for patients with acute kidney injury caused by multiple myeloma-associated crystalline light chain cast nephropathy.
Survival of pediatric kidney transplant recipients has improved over the past six decades. However, adolescents and young adults still have the highest graft failure rates of any age group. There is a growing need for well-designed transition programs to ensure the successful integration of young adults into adult society with eventual transfer of care and management in adult transplant centers. In this review, we discuss the risk factors contributing to the high risk of kidney graft failure observed between 17 and 24 years of age, including the role of transfer from pediatric to adult care. We also address the unique challenges of adolescents with kidney transplant: the impact of chronic kidney disease on neurocognition, age-related changes in immune activity, and suboptimal adherence during the transition process. We then describe strategies to mitigate these risks by designing developmentally appropriate transition programs, and review the evidence supporting the benefits of well-designed multidisciplinary transition programs.
Purpose The nephrotoxicity caused by cisplatin severely limits the application and affects related platinum-based therapeutics. Neferine is a dibenzylisoquinoline alkaloid extracted from a Chinese medicinal herb (Nelumbo nucifera Gaertn), which can decrease cisplatin-induced apoptosis of NRK-52E cells by activating autophagy in vitro in our previous study. In this article, we aimed to further investigate the protective effect of neferine, against to the cispltain-induced kidney damage in mice. Methods Six groups were designed in our study. Renal index, mice serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen levels were detected after the mice were killed. HE staining was used to observe the pathological changes of each group. The apoptosis of mouse kidney tissue was detected by TUNEL. Immunofluorescence and Western blot were used to detect the expression of cleaved-caspase3 and LC3. The transmission electron microscope was used to reveal the changes of apoptosis and autophagy of renal tubular epithelial cells in different groups. Results In our findings, the pathological changes of acute kidney injury were easily observed in cisplatin-treated mice while those in the neferine-pretreated groups were significantly alleviated. The apoptosis induced by cisplatin in mice increased evidently compared with the control group, which was decreased in the mice with neferine pretreatment. What’ more, we found that autophagy increased obviously in mice pretreated by neferine contrast to the cisplatin-treated mice. Conclusion In our study, neferine can effectively alleviate cisplatin-induced renal injury in mice, as well act as an autophagy-regulator in kidney protection.
Background Additional “booster” doses of mRNA SARS-CoV-2 vaccines have become standard of care for immunosuppressed patients, including kidney transplant recipients (KTR). While these additional doses have been shown to be efficacious in the adult KTR population, there is paucity of data for pediatric and adolescent KTR. Methods We conducted a retrospective single-center observational study to determine the proportion of pediatric and adolescent KTR who seroconverted following two- and three-dose regimens of an mRNA SARS-CoV-2 vaccine series. Results Forty-three pediatric and adolescent KTR at our center received at least two doses of an mRNA SARS-CoV-2 vaccine. Seroconversion was noted in 56% of those who received a 2-dose series and increased to 85% in those who received a third dose. In the 16 patients who did not seroconvert after a two-dose series, 12 (75%) seroconverted following the third dose. No serious adverse effects of immunization were noted. Conclusions Our results demonstrate that additional SARS-CoV-2 vaccine doses are not only safe and efficacious in pediatric and adolescent KTR, but may be necessary to optimize antibody response. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background The utility of serial SPECT myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) for CAD surveillance in asymptomatic ESRD patients awaiting kidney transplantation (KT) is uncertain. Methods and Results We retrospectively investigated 700 asymptomatic KT candidates with ≥ 2 pre-transplant SPECT-MPIs (mean interval, 20 ± 13 months). Worsening MPI was defined as total perfusion deficit increase (ΔTPD) > 5%. High clinical risk was defined as ≥ 3 AHA/ACC KT risk factors. The primary outcome was major adverse cardiac events (MACE) of cardiac death or myocardial infarction. The initial MPI was normal in 462 (66%) subjects. On repeat MPI, ΔTPD > 5% was observed in 82 (12%) subjects, and the incidence increased with increasing time gap between MPIs ( P  = .006). During a mean follow-up of 16 ± 8 months, there were 119 (17%) MACEs. In the entire cohort, ΔTPD > 5% was not significantly associated with MACE (HR = 1.38; P  = .210). ΔTPD > 5% was associated with increased MACE rate among patients with normal initial MPI (HR = 2.30; P  = .005), but not among those with abnormal initial MPI ( P  = .260). There was a significant interaction between ΔTPD > 5% and initial MPI normalcy status in predicting MACE (interaction P  = .018), such that the predictive value of ΔTPD is dependent on the initial MPI normalcy. Among subjects with normal initial MPI, ΔTPD > 5% was significantly associated with MACE only if the sum of KT risk factors was ≥ 3 (HR = 2.26; P  = .016). Among 123 patients who underwent coronary angiography, ΔTPD > 5% was associated with a higher prevalence of obstructive CAD when the initial MPI was normal and the sum of KT risk factors was ≥ 3. Conclusion Among patients with ESRD waitlisted for KT, new/worsening MPI abnormalities are expected. On serial surveillance, ΔTPD > 5% is associated with MACE and obstructive CAD among those with a normal initial MPI and ≥ 3 AHA/ACC KT risk factors.
Managing organ transplant networks is a complex task. It intertwines between locating the organ procurement and distribution organization (OPDO) (long-term decision) and allocating organs to the suitable destination (short-term decision). The literature lacks deliberation on the effect of those long-term decisions on short-term ones under the influence of clinical and non-clinical factors. This paper addresses this gap using a k-sum model for locational choice, and a discrete simulation approach for the allocation procedure for a real-life case study from a developing economy perspective. The study explores the trade-off between efficiency (distance-centric models) and equity (the result of time-centric allocation models). Our analysis of the efficiency of locational models and equity of the allocation policies reveal strong inter-dependence of both these decisions, a significant finding of this research. These findings offer an integrated model for high-level decision-makers, which can be used during the locational planning stage and provide input to design standard operating procedures for transplantation schemes.
Objectives To investigate the clinical features and factors associated with primary Sjögren’s syndrome (pSS)–associated renal tubular acidosis (RTA). Method This case–control study was based on a multicenter pSS registry established by the Chinese Rheumatism Data Center. Patients with pSS, including those with RTA and those without renal involvement, between May 2016 and March 2020 were included in the analysis. Demographic, clinical, and laboratory data were also collected. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify factors that were associated with pSS-RTA. Results This study included 257 pSS patients with RTA and 4222 patients without renal involvement. Significantly younger age at disease onset (40.1 ± 14.1 vs. 46.2 ± 13.1 years, P  < 0.001), longer diagnosis interval (15.0 interquartile range [IQR] [1.0, 48.0] vs. 6.0 IQR [0, 34.0] months, P  < 0.001), higher EULAR Sjögren’s syndrome disease activity index (9 IQR [5, 15] vs. 3 IQR [0, 8], P  < 0.001), and a higher prevalence of decreased estimated glomerular filtration rate (25.0% vs. 6.6%, P  < 0.001) were observed in pSS patients with RTA than in those without renal involvement. Factors that were independently associated with pSS-RTA included age at disease onset ≤ 35 years (odds ratio [OR] 3.00, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.27–3.97), thyroid disorders (OR 1.49, 95% CI 1.04–2.14), subjective dry mouth (OR 3.29, 95% CI 1.71–6.35), arthritis (OR 1.57, 95% CI 1.10–2.25), anti-SSB antibody positivity (OR 1.80, 95% CI 1.33–2.45), anemia (OR 1.67, 95% CI 1.26–2.21), elevated alkaline phosphatase level (OR 2.14, 95% CI 1.26–3.65), decreased albumin level (OR 1.61, 95% CI 1.00–2.60), and elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate (OR 1.78, 95% CI 1.16–2.73). Conclusions Delayed diagnosis and decreased kidney function are common in pSS patients with RTA. pSS should be considered in patients with RTA, and early recognition and treatment may be useful in slowing the deterioration of renal function in patients with pSS-RTA. Key Points • pSS patients with RTA have earlier disease onset and higher disease activity than pSS patients without RTA, but the diagnosis was frequently delayed . • Decreased kidney function are common in pSS patients with RTA . • Sjögren’s syndrome should be considered in young female patients with unexplained RTA, whereas RTA should be screened in pSS patients with early disease onset and elevated ALP level .
Purpose Knowledge of kidney stone composition can help in patient management; urine composition analysis and dual-energy CT are frequently used to assess stone type. We assessed if threshold-based stone segmentation and radiomics can determine the composition of kidney stones from single-energy, non-contrast abdomen–pelvis CT. Methods With IRB approval, we identified 218 consecutive patients (mean age 64 ± 13 years; male:female 138:80) with the presence of kidney stones on non-contrast, abdomen–pelvis CT and surgical or biochemical proof of their stone composition. CT examinations were performed on one of the seven multidetector-row scanners from four vendors (GE, Philips, Siemens, Toshiba). Deidentified CT images were processed with a radiomics prototype (Frontier, Siemens Healthineers) to segment the entire kidney volumes with an AI-based organ segmentation tool. We applied a threshold of 130 HU to isolate stones in the segmented kidneys and to estimate radiomics over the segmented stone volume. A coinvestigator verified kidney stone segmentation and adjusted the volume of interest to include the entire stone volume when necessary. We applied multiple logistic regression tests with precision recall plots to obtain area under the curve (AUC) using a built-in R statistical program. Results The threshold-based stone segmentation successfully isolated kidney stones (uric acid: n  = 102 patients, calcium oxalate/phosphate: n  = 116 patients) in all patients. Radiomics differentiated between calcium and uric acid stones with an AUC of 0.78 ( p  < 0.01, 95% CI 0.73–0.83), 0.79 sensitivity, and 0.90 specificity regardless of CT vendors (GE CT: AUC = 0.82, p  < 0.01, 95% CI 0.740–0896 ; Siemens CT: AUC = 0.77, 95% CI 0.700–0.846, p  < 0.01). Conclusion Automated threshold-based stone segmentation and radiomics can differentiate between calcium oxalate/phosphate and urate stones from non-contrast, single-energy abdomen CT.
Introduction Multisystem inflammatory syndrome (MIS-C) is a rare paediatric hyper-inflammatory disorder that occurs following SARS-CoV-2 infection. Acute kidney injury (AKI) occurs in approximately one-quarter to one-third of the patients with MIS-C and is associated with poor prognosis in critically ill children. This systematic review is aimed to evaluate the incidence of AKI, mortality, and the need for kidney replacement therapy (KRT) in patients with MIS-C. Methods We searched databases from Medline, EMBASE, Cochrane Register, and Google Scholar from December 2019 to December 2021 with our search strategy. Studies meeting the following criteria were included in this systematic review: (1) articles on AKI in MIS-C; (2) studies providing AKI in MIS-C and COVID-19 infection separately; (3) studies reporting outcomes such as mortality, KRT, serum creatinine; length of hospital/ICU stay. Quality assessment The quality of the included studies was independently assessed by using the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI) quality assessment tool for cohort studies and case series. Statistical analysis Outcomes and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) were reported if a meta-analysis of these outcomes was conducted. Heterogeneity was reported using I ^2 statistics, and heterogeneity ≥ 50% was considered high. We used Baujat’s plot for the contribution of each study toward overall heterogeneity. In sensitivity analysis, the summary estimates were assessed by repeating meta-analysis after omitting one study at a time. Forest plots were used for reporting outcomes in each study and with their 95% CI. All statistical tests were performed using R software version 4.0.3. Results  A total of 24 studies were included in this systematic review and of these, 11 were included in the meta-analysis. The pooled proportion of patients with MIS-C developing AKI was 20% (95% CI: 14–28%, I ^2 = 80%). Pooled proportion of death in children with MIS-C was 4% (95% CI: 1–14%; I ^2 = 93%). The odds of death in patients with AKI were 4.68 times higher than in patients without AKI (95% CI: 1.06–20.7%; I ^2 = 17%). The overall pooled proportion of MIS-C-induced AKI patients requiring KRT was 15% (95% CI: 4–42%; I ^2 = 91%). Conclusion Approximately one-fifth of children with MIS-C develop AKI which is associated with higher odds of death. PROSPERO registration: CRD42022306170 Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Various definitions used to describe cisplatin nephrotoxicity potentially lead to differences in determination of risk factors. This study evaluated incidence of kidney injury according to commonly used and alternative definitions in two cohorts of children who received cisplatin. Methods This retrospective cohort study included children from Vancouver, Canada (one center), and Mexico City, Mexico (two centers), treated with cisplatin for a variety of solid tumors. Serum creatinine–based definitions (KDIGO and Pediatric RIFLE (pRIFLE)), electrolyte abnormalities consisted of hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia and hypomagnesemia (based on NCI-CTCAE v5), and an alternative definition (Alt-AKI) were used to describe nephrotoxicity. Incidence with different definitions, definitional overlap, and inter-definition reliability was analyzed. Results In total, 173 children (100 from Vancouver, 73 from Mexico) were included. In the combined cohort, Alt-AKI criteria detected more patients with cisplatin nephrotoxicity compared to pRIFLE and KDIGO criteria (82.7 vs. 63.6 vs. 44.5%, respectively). Nephrotoxicity and all electrolyte abnormalities were significantly more common in Vancouver cohort than in Mexico City cohort except when using KDIGO definition. The most common electrolyte abnormalities were hypomagnesemia (88.9%, Vancouver) and hypophosphatemia (24.2%, Mexico City). The KDIGO definition provided highest overlap of cases in Vancouver (100%), Mexico (98.6%), and the combined cohort (99.4%). Moderate overall agreement was found among Alt-AKI, KDIGO, and pRIFLE definitions (κ = 0.18, 95% CI 0.1–0.27) in which KDIGO and pRIFLE showed moderate agreement (κ = 0.48, 95% CI 0.36–0.60). Conclusions Compared to pRIFLE and KDIGO criteria, Alt-AKI criteria detected more patients with cisplatin nephrotoxicity. pRIFLE is more sensitive to detect not only actual kidney injury but also patients at risk of cisplatin nephrotoxicity, while KDIGO seems more useful to detect clinically significant kidney injury. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Disrupted redox homeostasis contributes to renal ischemia–reperfusion (IR) injury. Abundant natural products can activate nuclear factor erythroid-2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), thereby providing therapeutic benefits. Methyl eugenol (ME), an analog of the phenolic compound eugenol, has the ability to induce Nrf2 activity. In this study, we investigated the protective effects of ME against renal oxidative damage in vivo and in vitro. An IR-induced acute kidney injury (AKI) model was established in mice. ME (20 mg·kg^−1·d^−1, i.p.) was administered to mice on 5 consecutive days before IR surgery. We showed that ME administration significantly attenuated renal destruction, improved the survival rate, reduced excessive oxidative stress and inhibited mitochondrial lesions in AKI mice. We further demonstrated that ME administration significantly enhanced Nrf2 activity and increased the expression of downstream antioxidative molecules. Similar results were observed in vitro in hypoxia/reoxygenation (HR)-exposed proximal tubule epithelial cells following pretreatment with ME (40 μmol·L^−1). In both renal oxidative damage models, ME induced Nrf2 nuclear retention in tubular cells. Using specific inhibitors (CC and DIF-3) and molecular docking, we demonstrated that ME bound to the binding pocket of AMPK with high affinity and activated the AMPK/GSK3β axis, which in turn blocked the Nrf2 nuclear export signal. In addition, ME alleviated the development of renal fibrosis induced by nonfatal IR, which is frequently encountered in the clinic. In conclusion, we demonstrate that ME modulates the AMPK/GSK3β axis to regulate the cytoplasmic–nuclear translocation of Nrf2, resulting in Nrf2 nuclear retention and thereby enhancing antioxidant target gene transcription that protects the kidney from oxidative damage.
Acute kidney injury (AKI), fluid overload (FO), and mortality are common in pediatric patients supported by extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO). The aim of this study is to evaluate if using a fluid management algorithm reduced AKI and mortality in children supported by ECMO. We performed a retrospective study of pediatric patients aged birth to 25 years requiring ECMO at a quaternary level children’s hospital from 2007 to 2019 In October 2017, a fluid management algorithm was implemented for protocolized fluid removal after deriving a daily fluid goal using a combination of diuretics and ultrafiltration. Daily algorithm compliance was defined as ≥ 12 h on the algorithm each day. The primary and secondary outcomes were AKI and mortality, respectively, and were assessed in the entire cohort and the sub-analysis of children from the era in which the algorithm was implemented. Two hundred and ninety-nine (median age 5.3 months; IQR: 0.2, 62.3; 45% male) children required ECMO (venoarterial in 85%). The fluid algorithm was applied in 74 patients. The overall AKI rate during ECMO was 38% (26% severe—stage 2/3). Both AKI incidence and mortality were significantly lower in patients managed on the algorithm ( p  = 0.02 and p  = 0.05). After adjusting for confounders, utilization of the algorithm was associated with lower odds of AKI (aOR: 0.40, 95%CI: 0.21, 0.76; p  = 0.005) but was not associated with a reduction in mortality. In the sub-analysis, algorithm compliance of 80–100% was associated with a 54% reduction in mortality (ref: < 60% compliant; aOR:0.46, 95%CI:0.22–1.00; p  = 0.05).   Conclusion : Among the entire cohort, the use of a fluid management algorithm reduced the odds of AKI. Better compliance on the algorithm was associated with lower mortality. Multicenter studies that implement systematic fluid removal may represent an opportunity for improving ECMO-related outcomes. What is Known: • Acute kidney injury and fluid overload are associated with morbidity and mortality in children supported by extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. What is New: • A systematic and protocolized approach to fluid removal in children supported by extracorporeal membrane oxygenation reduces acute kidney injury incidence. • Greater adherence to a protocolized fluid removal algorithm is associated with a reduction in mortality.
Maternal overweight and obesity are considered important factors affecting fetal development with many potential consequences for offspring after delivery, including the increased risk of obesity and diabetes mellitus. Maternal obesity promotes adiposity in the offspring by increasing fat deposition and expansion in the body of the offspring. The expansion of adipose tissue changes adipokine levels, including a decrease in adiponectin and an increase in leptin. In addition to changes in adipokine levels, there are also increases in pro-inflammatory cytokines, pro-fibrotic cytokines, and reactive oxygen species, leading to oxidative stress in the offspring. These contribute to the promotion of insulin resistance in offspring, which is associated with kidney injury. Interestingly, maternal obesity can also promote renal lipid accumulation, which could activate inflammatory processes and promote renal oxidative stress and renal fibrosis. These alterations in the kidneys of the offspring imply that a mother being overweight/obese can program the development of kidney disease in offspring. This review will discuss the effects of a mother being overweight or obese on their offspring and the consequences with regard to the kidneys of their offspring. With a focus on the molecular mechanisms, including renal inflammation, renal oxidative stress, renal fibrosis, and renal lipid metabolism in offspring born to overweight and obese mothers, the causative mechanisms and perspective of these conditions will be included.
Exposure to ethylene oxide may cause a number of diseases. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether there is an association between hemoglobin ethylene oxide (HbEO) and the risk of developing kidney stones in US adults. We analyzed 3348 patients from the National Health and Nutrition Survey (NHANES) 2013–2016 and conducted a cross-sectional study. Dose–response analysis curves of restricted cubic spline function, multiple logistic regression, and subgroup analysis were used to investigate the association between HbEO and the risk of kidney stones. Logistic regression models were used to analyze the correlation between HbEO and kidney stones. Among the 3348 participants, 3016 people self-reported having a kidney stone. After adjusting for age, sex, race, marital status, education level, diabetes, vigorous recreational activity, moderate recreational activity, body mass index, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, eGFR, and uric acid, we found a positive association between HbEO and the risk of kidney stones. We divided patients into four groups based on quartiles of HbEO levels and performed multifactorial logistic regression after adjusting for confounders, which showed that the incidence of kidney stones increased with increasing HbEO concentrations compared with Q1 (Q2, OR  = 0.922, 95% CI, 0. 657–1.295, P  = 0.639; Q3, OR  = 1.004, 95% CI, 0.713–1.414, P  = 0.983; Q4, OR  = 1.535, 95% CI, 1.114–2.114, P  = 0.009). High levels of HbEO were positively correlated with the risk of kidney stone development and could be used as an indicator of kidney stone prevention.
Background Previous research has shown that deliberate withdrawal, skipping, and/or shortening hemodialysis sessions has become a major health problem associated with poor clinical outcomes and early mortality in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). However, patients’ experiences with this treatment remain largely unexplored. This study aimed to explore patients’ perceived facilitators and barriers to in-center hemodialysis attendance and map these findings to the Health Belief Model. Methods A qualitative exploratory study was conducted with a purposive sample. Semi-structured interviews were conducted and submitted to thematic analysis. Results Twenty-four patients (66.2 ± 12.3 years old; length of time on hemodialysis: 35.2 ± 51.5 months) were interviewed. Five major facilitators (social support, perceived benefits, self-efficacy, time on dialysis, and risk/susceptibility perception) and two barriers (lack of knowledge about ESRD and hemodialysis, and psychosocial costs) were identified. Conclusion Adherence to the prescribed regimen of hemodialysis attendance is a complex and multidimensional phenomenon that involves an interaction between modifying factors (social support, disease and treatment knowledge, time on dialysis) and patients’ perceived benefits, perceived risks, self-efficacy, and treatment costs. This study findings expand knowledge by suggesting that perceiving health benefits from the beginning of treatment, self-efficacy to deal with dialysis demands, and purpose in life are important facilitators of adherence to in-center hemodialysis sessions. Furthermore, it suggests that the impact of the hemodialysis regimen on the emotional well-being of family members is an important barrier. Future interventions should focus on skills training to promote self-efficacy and family coping with the demands of in-center hemodialysis, improve disease and treatment knowledge, and help balance perceived benefits with dialysis costs.
Background Reported experiences of racism in Aotearoa New Zealand are consistently associated with negative measures of health, self-rated health, life satisfaction, and reduced access to high-quality healthcare with subsequent poor health outcomes. In this paper, we report on perceptions and experiences of prejudice and racism by Indigenous Māori with kidney disease and their family members and donors who took part in a wider study about experiences of kidney transplantation. Methods We conducted semi-structured interviews with 40 Māori between September and December 2020. Participants included those with kidney disease who had considered, were being worked up for, or who had already received a kidney transplant as well as family members and potential or previous donors. We examined the data for experiences of racism using a theoretical framework for racism on three levels: institutionalised racism, personally mediated racism, and internalised racism. Results We identified subthemes at each level of racism: institutional (excluded and devalued by health system; disease stigmatization; discriminatory body weight criteria, lack of power), personally mediated (experiencing racial profiling; explicit racism), and internalized racism (shame and unworthiness to receive a transplant). Conclusions The wide-reaching experiences and perceptions of racism described by participants with kidney disease and their families in this research point to an unfair health system and suggest that racism may be contributing to kidney transplantation inequity in Aotearoa New Zealand. Addressing racism at all levels is imperative if we are to address inequitable outcomes for Māori requiring kidney transplantation.
Purpose Patients suffering from chronic kidney disease (CKD) are in general at high risk for severe coronavirus disease (COVID-19) but dialysis-dependency (CKD5D) is poorly understood. We aimed to describe CKD5D patients in the different intervals of the pandemic and to evaluate pre-existing dialysis dependency as a potential risk factor for mortality. Methods In this multicentre cohort study, data from German study sites of the Lean European Open Survey on SARS-CoV-2-infected patients (LEOSS) were used. We multiply imputed missing data, performed subsequent analyses in each of the imputed data sets and pooled the results. Cases (CKD5D) and controls (CKD not requiring dialysis) were matched 1:1 by propensity-scoring. Effects on fatal outcome were calculated by multivariable logistic regression. Results The cohort consisted of 207 patients suffering from CKD5D and 964 potential controls. Multivariable regression of the whole cohort identified age (> 85 years adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 7.34, 95% CI 2.45–21.99), chronic heart failure (aOR 1.67, 95% CI 1.25–2.23), coronary artery disease (aOR 1.41, 95% CI 1.05–1.89) and active oncological disease (aOR 1.73, 95% CI 1.07–2.80) as risk factors for fatal outcome. Dialysis-dependency was not associated with a fatal outcome—neither in this analysis (aOR 1.08, 95% CI 0.75–1.54) nor in the conditional multivariable regression after matching (aOR 1.34, 95% CI 0.70–2.59). Conclusions In the present multicentre German cohort, dialysis dependency is not linked to fatal outcome in SARS-CoV-2-infected CKD patients. However, the mortality rate of 26% demonstrates that CKD patients are an extreme vulnerable population, irrespective of pre-existing dialysis-dependency.
Objective As a novel oral agent in treating anemia of chronic kidney disease (CKD), several clinical trials of vadadustat have been conducted to compare with darbepoetin alfa. This study systematically reviews and investigates the efficacy and safety of vadadustat in the anemia treatment with different duration in both nondialysis-dependent CKD (NDD-CKD) and dialysis-dependent CKD (DD-CKD). Methods Several main databases were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting vadadustat vs darbepoetin alfa for anemia patients with CKD. The outcome indicators were focused on hemoglobin (Hb), the percentage of patients within the target Hb, the need for RBC (Red Blood Cell) transfusions, and serious adverse events (SAEs). Results Four eligible studies with 8,026 participants were included. The changes of Hb levels from the baseline in the darbepoetin alfa group were significantly higher than that in the vadadustat group with DD-CKD (mean difference (MD) − 0.19, [95% confidence interval (CI), − 0.21 to − 0.17], p  < 0.0001). In NDD-CKD patients, the changes of Hb levels in the two groups are not significantly different (MD = − 0.06, [95% CI, − 0.18 to 0.05], p  = 0.006), especially, during the treatment duration of 20–36 weeks (MD = 0.02, [95% CI, − 0.04 to 0.08], p  = 0.51). The percentage of patients within the target Hb was significantly lower in the vadadustat group than that in the darbepoetin alfa group in DD-CKD patients (MD = 0.9, [95% CI, 0.86 to 0.94], p  < 0.00001), while in NDD-CKD patients, there was no significant difference (MD = 1.05, [95% CI, 0.99 to 1.12], p  < 0.00001). In terms of safety, the two agents had no significant difference in the incidence of RBC transfusions and SAEs (RR = 1.26 [95% CI, 0.99 to 1.61], p  = 0.52; RR = 0.97, [95% CI, 0.94 to 1.01], p  = 0.19; respectively). Conclusion Compared to darbepoetin alfa, vadadustat had the same effect in raising the hemoglobin level in NDD-CKD patients in the short term. Vadadustat may become an effective and safe alternative for the treatment of patients with anemia and CKD, especially in NDD-CKD patients. As the application of vadadustat is still under exploration, future research should compensate for the limitations of our study to estimate the vadadustat’s value.
Purpose The elderly are vulnerable to perioperative acute kidney injury. The aim of this study was to determine the risk factors that associated with acute kidney injury among elderly patients. Methods Clinical data of elderly patients (> 65 years) who underwent noncardiac, nonrenal surgery between Dec 1 2009 and July 1 2016 were collected for this single-centered historical cohort study. Univariate and multivariate analyses were conducted to explore the risk factors that contribute to acute kidney injury, which was defined as a serum creatinine increase >0.3 mg/dL within 48 h or 1.5 times increase in serum creatinine within 7 days after surgery. Results 7775 patients were eligible for the final analysis, among which 511 (6.57%) patients developed acute kidney injury. We observed 21 risk factors being associated with perioperative acute kidney injury, with the most important disposing factors being history of kidney disease (adjusted OR = 2.94, 95% CI 2.25–3.84), operation time > 180 min (aOR = 2.93, 95% CI 2.04–4.24), preoperative eGFR [15, 30) (aOR = 2.43, 95% CI 1.29–4.45), and protective factor being intraoperative use of sufentanil (aOR = 0.35, 95% CI 0.23–0.54). Conclusion This study determined risk factors for perioperative acute kidney injury among the elderly in the Second Xiangya Hospital and visualized the risk factors using nomogram and Excel calculator, which may provide some clues to further investigations. Overall, the prevalence of AKI among this large cohort is 6.57%. Clinical trials registration http://www.chictr.org.cn ; ChiCTR1900027007; October 28, 2019.
Purpose Heart failure (HF) is a primary cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, with significant impact on life quality and extensive healthcare costs. Assessment of myocardial sympathetic innervation function plays a central role in prognosis assessment in HF patients. The aim of this review is to summarize the most recent evidence regarding the clinical applications of iodine-123 metaiodobenzylguanidine (^123I-MIBG) imaging in patients with HF and related comorbidities. Methods A comprehensive literature search was conducted on PubMed and Web of Science databases. Articles describing the impact of ^123I-MIBG imaging on HF and related comorbidities were considered eligible for the review. Results We collected several data reporting that ^123I-MIBG imaging is a safe and non-invasive tool to evaluate dysfunction of cardiac sympathetic neuronal function and to assess risk stratification in HF patients. HF is frequently associated with comorbidities that may affect cardiac adrenergic innervation. Furthermore, HF is frequently associated with comorbidities and chronic conditions, such as diabetes, obesity, kidney disease and others, that may affect cardiac adrenergic innervation. Conclusion Comorbidities and chronic conditions lead to more severe impairment of sympathetic nervous system in patients with HF, with a negative impact on disease progression and outcome. Cardiac imaging with ^123I-MIBG can be a useful tool to reduce morbidity and prevent adverse events in HF patients.
Background There is increasing evidence of good short-term and medium-term outcomes of ABO incompatible (ABOi) and HLA incompatible (HLAi) kidney transplantation with pre-transplant positive crossmatches in paediatric practice. However, there remain concerns regarding the higher risks of infective complications and antibody-mediated rejections. The aim of our study is to show longer-term follow-up on all ABOi and HLAi paediatric kidney transplant recipients (pKTR) in the UK. Methods Questionnaires specifying kidney transplant type, desensitisation requirement and kidney allograft function were sent to 13 paediatric nephrology centres that performed kidney transplantation in children and young people under 18 years of age who received an ABOi and/or HLAi transplant between 1 January 2006 and 31 December 2016. Patient and kidney allograft survival were compared between ABOi, HLAi and ABO/HLA compatible (ABOc/HLAc) groups. Results Among 711 living donor kidney transplants performed in the UK, 23 were ABOi and 6 were HLAi. Patient survival was 87%, 100% and 96% in ABOi, HLAi and ABOc/HLAc groups, respectively, at median follow-up of 6.8 (3.6–14.0) years post-transplant. Death-censored kidney allograft survival was 100% in all 3 groups at last follow-up. There were no cases of primary non-function in ABOi or HLAi groups, but 2% in the ABOc/HLAc group. There was one reported case of Epstein-Barr viral-induced post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder. Conclusion Longer term follow-up has shown that ABOi and HLAi kidney transplantation are feasible for pKTR where no compatible donors are available, and that minimising desensitisation should be achieved where possible. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Zinc (Zn) is an essential element that regulates not only cellular immunity but also antioxidant and anti-inflammatory agents. The present study investigated the effect of Zn deficiency on renal cell apoptosis and its mechanism. A Zn-deficient kidney model in mice was created by a Zn-deficient diet. Mice were fed diets with different Zn levels for 41 days as follows: normal-Zn group (NG, 34 mg Zn/kg), low-Zn group (LG, 2 mg Zn/kg), and high-Zn group (HG, 100 mg Zn/kg). H&E staining showed that inflammatory cells and many erythrocytes exuded in the renal tissue space of the low-Zn group, and TUNEL staining indicated massive death of kidney cells in the low-Zn group. In the low-Zn group, the levels of oxygen free radicals (ROS) were significantly increased, the antioxidants were significantly decreased, and the total antioxidant capacity was decreased. Moreover, RT–qPCR and ELISA results showed that inflammatory factors (TNF-α, IL-1β, and IL-6) were significantly increased in the low-Zn group. In addition, the levels of p-IκBα, p-NF-κB p65, p-ERK, p-JNK, and p-p38 were significantly increased in the low-Zn group, indicating that zinc deficiency activates NF-κB and MAPK signalling as well as increases its expression. RT–qPCR analysis of apoptosis-related genes, including Bcl-2 Bax, Caspa8, Caspa6, and Caspa3, demonstrated that the expression levels of proapoptotic genes in mouse kidneys were significantly increased. Importantly, the in vitro results were consistent with the in vivo results. Together, these data suggested that zinc deficiency induces renal oxidative stress to activate NF-κB and MAPK signalling, thereby inducing renal cell apoptosis.
Protein-bound uremic toxins, mainly indoxyl sulfate (3-INDS), p -cresol sulfate (pCS), and indole-3-acetic acid (3-IAA) but also phenol (Pol) and p -cresol (pC), are progressively accumulated during chronic kidney disease (CKD). Their accurate measurement in biomatrices is demanded for timely diagnosis and adoption of appropriate therapeutic measures. Multianalyte methods allowing the establishment of a uremic metabolite profile are still missing. Hence, the aim of this work was to develop a rapid and sensitive method based on high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection for the simultaneous quantification of Pol, 3-IAA, pC, 3-INDS, and pCS in human plasma. Separation was attained in 12 min, using a monolithic C18 column and isocratic elution with acetonitrile and phosphate buffer containing an ion-pairing reagent, at a flow rate of 2 mL min^−1. Standards were prepared in plasma and quantification was performed using the background subtraction approach. LOQ values were ≤ 0.2 µg mL^−1 for all analytes except for pCS (LOQ of 2 µg mL^−1). The method proved to be accurate (93.5–112%) and precise (CV ≤ 14.3%). The multianalyte application of the method, associated to a reduced sample volume (50 µL), a less toxic internal standard (eugenol) in comparison to the previously applied 2,6-dimethylphenol and 4-ethylphenol, and a green extraction solvent (ethanol), resulted in the AGREE score of 0.62 which is in line with the recent trend of green and sustainable analytical chemistry. The validated method was successfully applied to the analysis of plasma samples from control subjects exhibiting normal levels of uremic toxins and CKD patients presenting significantly higher levels of 3-IAA, pC, 3-INDS, and pCS that can be further investigated as biomarkers of disease progression. Graphical abstract 
Purpose Urine oxygen partial pressure (PuO_2) may be useful for assessing acute kidney injury (AKI) risk. The primary purpose of this study was to quantify the ability of a novel urinary oxygen monitoring system to make real-time PuO_2 measurements intraoperatively which depends on adequate urine flow. We hypothesized that PuO_2 data could be acquired with enough temporal resolution to provide real-time information in both AKI and non-AKI patients. Methods PuO_2 and urine flow were analyzed in 86 cardiac surgery patients. PuO_2 data associated with low (< 0.5 ml/kg/hr) or retrograde urine flow were discarded. Patients were excluded if > 70% of their data were discarded during the respective periods, i.e., during cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB), before CPB (pre-CPB), and after CPB (post-CPB). The length of intervals of discarded data were recorded for each patient. The median length of intervals of discarded data were compared between AKI and non-AKI patients and between surgical periods. Results There were more valid PuO_2 data in CPB and post-CPB periods compared to the pre-CPB period (81% and 90% vs. 31% of patients included, respectively; p < 0.001 and p < 0.001). Most intervals of discarded data were < 3 minutes during CPB (96%) and post-CPB (98%). The median length was < 25 s during all periods and there was no significant difference in the group median length of discarded data intervals for AKI and non-AKI patients. Conclusions PuO_2 measurements were acquired with enough temporal resolution to demonstrate real-time PuO_2 monitoring during CPB and the post-CPB period. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03335865, First Posted Date: Nov. 8th, 2017.
Paleoparasitological investigation in the archeological site of the Caspian Sea littoral revealed the presence of human Dioctophyma renale infection , a ubiquitous kidney-residing helminth of mammals, during the Parthian Empire of Iran (247 BC–224 AD). This study reports the oldest human infection with giant kidney worm in the Middle East, mainly in an area where the infection is reported nowadays. The paucity of records throughout the literature suggests that the same species of parasite occurred with low frequency in the past, as well. The cemetery in the archeological site of Kiasar represented a unique opportunity of studying human and animal parasites of the Parthian Empire in Iran.
 Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is one of the strongest risk factors for hypertension, and hypertension can exacerbate the progression of CKD. Thus, the management of CKD and antihypertensive therapy are inextricably linked. Research over the past decades has shown that the human kidney is more diverse than initially thought. Subjects with low nephron endowment are at increased risk of developing CKD and hypertension, which is consistent with the theory of the developmental origins of health and disease. Combined with other lifetime risks of CKD, hypertension may lead to a vicious cycle consisting of podocyte injury, glomerulosclerosis and further loss of nephrons. Of note, recent studies have shown that the number of nephrons correlates well with the number of podocytes, suggesting that these two components are intrinsically linked and may influence each other. Both nephrons and podocytes have no or very limited regenerative capacity and are destined to decrease throughout life. Therefore, one of the best strategies to slow the progression of CKD is to maintain the “numbers” of these essential components necessary to preserve renal function. To this end, both the achievement of an optimal blood pressure and a maximum reduction in urinary protein excretion are essential. Lifestyle modifications and antihypertensive drug therapy must be carefully individualized to address the potential diversity of the kidneys.
Purpose To demonstrate that spectral analysis using the K114 fluorophore can detect and differentiate AL and AA renal amyloidosis. Procedures Kidney biopsies from patients with AL amyloidosis, AA amyloidosis, and normal samples with no evident pathology were stained with Congo Red and K114. The specimens were imaged on a spectral confocal microscope. Results Congo Red displayed homogeneous spectra across the three tissue types while K114 chromatically distinguished between normal tissue, AL amyloid, and AA amyloid. Additionally, Congo Red displayed an increased risk of false positive staining compared to K114. Spectral phasors computed from K114-stained tissue sections quantitatively differentiated the three tissue types. K114-stained amyloid deposits displayed a significantly greater increase in brightness after 50 images acquired in rapid succession compared to normal tissue. Quantitative analysis of intensity changes in the background of diseased tissue also differentiated AL and AA amyloid samples, suggesting widespread amyloid deposition. Both amyloid and the backgrounds of diseased samples red-shifted while normal tissue blue-shifted in response to repeated imaging, supporting this theory. Conclusions K114 staining of renal biopsies is a promising technique to detect and differentiate types of renal amyloidosis. Due to the advantages this method has over traditional Congo Red staining, the techniques presented here warrant further development for potential use in clinical settings.
Background Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is one of the most common complications of diabetes, with approximately 30–40% of patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus and 20% of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus eventually developing DKD. If DKD is not controlled in the early clinical stage and proteinuria develops, the disease will progress to end-stage renal disease. The pathogenesis of DKD remains largely unknown and is multifactorial, likely due to interactions between genetic and environmental factors. Familial clustering also supports a critical role of hereditary factors in DKD. The development of gene detection technology has promoted the exploration of DKD susceptibility genes in different cohorts of patients with diabetes. Identifying susceptibility genes can provide insights into the pathogenesis of DKD, as well as a basis for its clinical diagnosis and therapy. Results Numerous candidate gene loci have been found to be associated with DKD, many of which play critical regulatory roles in the pathogenesis of this disease, including genes involved in glycol-metabolism, lipid metabolism, the renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system, inflammation and oxidative stress. In this review, we summarize the functions of several susceptibility genes involved in the development of DKD. Conclusion Based on our findings, we recommend that studying susceptibility gene polymorphisms can lead to a better understanding of the pathogenesis of DKD and could help prevent this disease or improve its outcomes.
The outcomes of COVID-19 in kidney transplant recipients have shown high mortality. In addition to their immunocompromised states, kidney transplant recipients frequently have certain exacerbation risk comorbidities of COVID-19, such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and chronic kidney disease. Several concomitant diseases develop during the course of COVID-19, one of which is thromboembolism, which can potentially lead to a critical condition. However, thromboembolic complications in kidney transplant recipients with COVID-19 have not been fully addressed in previous studies. A 62-year-old man, who underwent kidney transplantation 17 years ago, was diagnosed with COVID-19 and was admitted to our hospital. Although the patient was in remission at the start of the hospitalization, his condition became severe on day 7 after admission, with fever, elevated white blood cell counts (10,000/μL) and a high C-reactive protein level (6.9 mg/dL). Although the patient was not under forced bed rest, an ultrasound study on day 10 detected deep venous thrombosis (DVT), with an elevated D-dimer level (6.2 µg/dL). We withdrew the mycophenolate mofetyl and the tacrolimus dosage but did not administer any specific treatment for COVID-19. The patient achieved successful clearance of SARS-CoV-2 on day 16. The DVT disappeared after systematic heparin treatment and oral rivaroxaban for 2 months. DVT occurred in a kidney transplant recipient with COVID-19 who was not bedridden and might manifest when the clinical status was exacerbated during hospitalization.
Dysregulation in lipid metabolism is the leading cause of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and also the important risk factors for high morbidity and mortality. Although lipid abnormalities were identified in CKD, integral metabolic pathways for specific individual lipid species remain to be clarified. We conducted ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography-high-definition mass spectrometry-based lipidomics and identified plasma lipid species and therapeutic effects of Rheum officinale in CKD rats. Adenine-induced CKD rats were administered Rheum officinale . Urine, blood and kidney tissues were collected for analyses. We showed that exogenous adenine consumption led to declining kidney function in rats. Compared with control rats, a panel of differential plasma lipid species in CKD rats was identified in both positive and negative ion modes. Among the 50 lipid species, phosphatidylcholine (PC), lysophosphatidylcholine (LysoPC) and lysophosphatidic acid (LysoPA) accounted for the largest number of identified metabolites. We revealed that six PCs had integral metabolic pathways, in which PC was hydrolysed into LysoPC, and then converted to LysoPA, which was associated with increased cytosolic phospholipase A_2 protein expression in CKD rats. The lower levels of six PCs and their corresponding metabolites could discriminate CKD rats from control rats. Receiver operating characteristic curves showed that each individual lipid species had high values of area under curve, sensitivity and specificity. Administration of Rheum officinale significantly improved impaired kidney function and aberrant PC metabolism in CKD rats. Taken together, this study demonstrates that CKD leads to PC metabolism disorders and that the dysregulation of PC metabolism is involved in CKD pathology.
Introduction Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is the most common inherited kidney disease that leads to eventual renal failure. Metformin (MET), an AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator already approved for type 2 diabetes, is currently investigated for ADPKD treatment. However, despite high tolerability, MET showed varying therapeutic efficacy in preclinical ADPKD studies. Thus, newer strategies have combined MET with other ADPKD small molecule drug candidates, thereby targeting multiple ADPKD-associated signaling pathways to enhance therapeutic outcomes through potential drug synergy. Unfortunately, the off-target side effects caused by these additional drug candidates pose a major hurdle. To address this, our group has previously developed kidney-targeting peptide amphiphile micelles (KMs), which displayed significant kidney accumulation in vivo , for delivering drugs to the site of the disease. Methods To mitigate the adverse effects of ADPKD drugs and evaluate their therapeutic potential in combination with MET, herein, we loaded KMs with ADPKD drug candidates including salsalate, octreotide, bardoxolone methyl, rapamycin, tolvaptan, and pioglitazone, and tested their in vitro therapeutic efficacy when combined with free MET. Specifically, after determining the 40% inhibitory concentration for each drug (IC_40), the size, morphology, and surface charge of drug-loaded KMs were characterized. Next, drug-loaded KMs were applied in combination with MET to treat renal proximal tubule cells derived from Pkd1flox/-:TSLargeT mice in 2D proliferation and 3D cyst model. Results MET combined with all drug-loaded KMs demonstrated significantly enhanced efficacy as compared to free drugs in inhibiting cell proliferation and cyst growth. Notably, synergistic effects were found for MET and KMs loaded with either salsalate or rapamycin as determined by Bliss synergy scores. Conclusion Together, we show drug synergy using drug-loaded nanoparticles and free MET for the first time and present a novel nanomedicine-based combinatorial therapeutic approach for ADPKD with enhanced efficacy.
Aneurysm formation is a known complication of arteriovenous fistula. Urgent intervention is sometimes required in such cases to prevent the life-threatening complication of rupture as well as to provide suitable vascular access for hemodialysis. The available literature on true aneurysm post-arteriovenous fistula is reviewed. Original research articles/case series on venous aneurysms post-AVF published in the last two decades that is after the year 2000 available on PubMed were analyzed. Various techniques for the management of true aneurysms post-arteriovenous fistula creation are discussed along with their advantages and disadvantages. We also share our experience of a patient with chronic kidney disease who developed a huge cephalic vein aneurysm post-brachiocephalic arteriovenous fistula. The patient was managed with aneurysm resection and the creation of a new radiocephalic arteriovenous fistula in the contralateral upper limb using a saphenous vein graft.
Long-term exposure to ambient particulate pollutants (PM_2.5 and PM_10) may increase the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD), but the results of previous research were limited and inconsistent. The purpose of this study was to assess the relationships of PM_2.5 and PM_10 with CKD. This study was a cohort study based on the physical examination data of 2082 Beijing residents from 2013 to 2018 in the Beijing Health Management Cohort (BHMC). A land-use regression model was used to estimate the individual exposure concentration of air pollution based on the address provided by each participant. CKD events were identified based on self-report or medical evaluation (estimated glomerular filtration rate, eGFR less than 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2). Finally, the associations of PM_2.5 and PM_10 with CKD were calculated using univariate and multivariate logistic regression models. During the research period, we collected potentially confounding information. After adjusting for confounders, each 10 μg/m^3 increase in PM_2.5 and PM_10 exposure was associated with an 84% (OR: 1.84; 95% CI: 1.45, 2.33) and 37% (OR: 1.37; 95% CI: 1.15, 1.63) increased risk of CKD. Adjusting for the four common gaseous air pollutants (CO, NO_2, SO_2, O_3), the effect of PM_2.5 and PM_10 on CKD was significantly enhanced, but the effect of PM_10 was no longer significant in the multi-pollutant model. The results of the stratified analysis showed that PM_2.5 and PM_10 were more significant in males, middle-aged and elderly people over 45 years old, smokers, drinkers, BMI ≥ 24 kg/m^2, and abnormal metabolic components. In conclusion, long-term exposure to ambient PM_2.5 and PM_10 was associated with an increased risk of CKD.
Purpose Evidence of an association between intravenous contrast media (CM) and persistent renal dysfunction is lacking for patients with pre-existing acute kidney injury (AKI). This study was designed to determine the association between intravenous CM administration and persistent AKI in patients with pre-existing AKI. Methods A retrospective propensity-weighted and entropy-balanced observational cohort analysis of consecutive hospitalized patients ≥ 18 years old meeting Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) creatinine-based criteria for AKI at time of arrival to one of three emergency departments between 7/1/2017 and 6/30/2021 who did or did not receive intravenous CM. Outcomes included persistent AKI at hospital discharge and initiation of dialysis within 180 days of index encounter. Results Our analysis included 14,449 patient encounters, with 12.8% admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). CM was administered in 18.4% of all encounters. AKI resolved prior to hospital discharge for 69.1%. No association between intravenous CM administration and persistent AKI was observed after unadjusted multivariable logistic regression modeling (OR 1; 95% CI 0.89–1.11), propensity weighting (OR 0.93; 95% CI 0.83–1.05), and entropy balancing (OR 0.94; 95% CI 0.83–1.05). Sub-group analysis in those admitted to the ICU yielded similar results. Initiation of dialysis within 180 days was observed in 5.4% of the cohort. An association between CM administration and increased risk of dialysis within 180 days was not observed. Conclusion Among patients with pre-existing AKI, contrast administration was not associated with either persistent AKI at hospital discharge or initiation of dialysis within 180 days. Current consensus recommendations for use of intravenous CM in patients with stable renal disease may also be applied to patients with pre-existing AKI.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a severe complication of sepsis, and is strongly correlated with MicroRNAs (miRNAs). However, the mechanism of miR-22 on sepsis-induced AKI is not clearly understood. The study aimed to explore the role and mechanism of miR-22 on AKI. Methods The AKI models were established by cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) surgery in SD rats and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) induction in HBZY-1 cells. In AKI rats, the content of serum creatinine (SCr) and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) were detected. Kidney tissues were pathologically examined by H&E and PAS staining. The LPS-induced HBZY-1 cells were transfected with mimics miR-22, si-HMGB1, or oe-HMGB1. miR-22 and HMGB1 expression was detected in vivo and in vitro. In transfected cells, HMGB1/TLR4/NF-κB pathway-related protein expressions were measured by Western blot. The relationship between miR-22 and HMGB1 was assessed by a dual-luciferase gene report. Inflammatory cytokine levels in serum and cells were assessed by ELISA. Results In AKI rats, kidney injury was observed, accompanied by the down-regulated miR-122 expression and up-regulated HMBG1 expression. The dual-luciferase report found miR-22-3p could targetly regulate HMBG1. Furthermore, both in vitro and in vivo experiments revealed that the releases of inflammatory cytokine were increased after AKI modeling, but the situation was reversed by mimics miR-22 or si-HMGB1 in vitro. In HBZY-1 cells, mimics miR-22 could suppress LPS-induced overexpression of HMGB1/TLR4/NF-κB signaling pathway-related proteins. However, the oe-HMGB1 addition reversed the effect of mimics miR-22. Conclusion miR-22 can inhibit the inflammatory response, target the HMGB1, and inhibit the HMGB1/TLR4/NF-kB pathway, to attenuate the sepsis-induced AKI, which indicates that miR-22 may serve as a potential treatment target in sepsis-induced AKI.
Sodium–glucose cotransporter inhibitors (SGLT2i) are a new class of anti-diabetic drugs that have beneficial cardiovascular and renal effects. These drugs decrease proximal tubular glucose reabsorption and decrease blood glucose levels as a main anti-diabetic action. Furthermore, SGLT2i decreases glomerular hyperfiltration by a tubuloglomerular feedback mechanism. However, the renal benefits of these agents are independent of glucose-lowering and hemodynamic factors, and SGLT2i also impacts the kidney structure including kidney fibrosis. Renal fibrosis is a common pathway and pathological marker of virtually every type of chronic kidney disease (CKD), and amelioration of renal fibrosis is of utmost importance to reduce the progression of CKD. Recent studies have shown that SGLT2i impact many cellular processes including inflammation, hypoxia, oxidative stress, metabolic functions, and renin–angiotensin system (RAS) which all are related with kidney fibrosis. Indeed, most but not all studies showed that renal fibrosis was ameliorated by SGLT2i through the reduction of inflammation, hypoxia, oxidative stress, and RAS activation. In addition, less known effects on SGLT2i on klotho expression, capillary rarefaction, signal transducer and activator of transcription signaling and peptidylprolyl cis/trans isomerase (Pin1) levels may partly explain the anti-fibrotic effects of SGLT2i in kidneys. It is important to remember that some studies have not shown any beneficial effects of SGLT2i on kidney fibrosis. Given this background, in the current review, we have summarized the studies and pathophysiologic aspects of SGL2 inhibition on renal fibrosis in various CKD models and tried to explain the potential reasons for contrasting findings. Graphical abstract 
Microplastic particles (MPs) are a common environmental pollutant easily ingested by fish in aquaculture. The current study evaluated the protective efficacies of some antioxidant, e.g., lycopene, citric acid, and chlorella, against the toxic effects of MP ingestion by Clarias gariepinus using histopathological biomarkers. Five experimental groups were established, a control group receiving only a standard diet, a group exposed to 500 mg/kg MP concomitant with the standard diet, and three antioxidant groups exposed to MPs plus either lycopene (500 mg/kg), citric acid (30 g/kg), or chlorella (50 g/kg) in the standard diet. After 15 days, fish were sacrificed for histological and histochemical examinations. Histological analysis of the kidney for group 2 (fed 500 mg/kg MPs alone) revealed distributed tissue dissociation, regional glomerular hypertrophy or shrinkage, melanomacrophage accumulation, and expansion of Bowman’s space, while liver tissue exhibited dilation and rupture of the central vein wall, hemorrhage, cytoplasmic vacuolation, and cellular necrosis or apoptosis. Fish exposed to MPs also exhibited connective tissue fiber accumulation around renal blood vessels, renal tubules, the central hepatic vein, hepatic blood sinusoids, and serosal, muscle, and submucosal layers of the intestine. In addition, MP exposure reduced carbohydrate (mainly glycogen) contents in the brush borders and basement membranes of renal tubules, glomeruli, and intestinal tissues as well as in the cytoplasm of hepatocytes. These signs of renal, hepatic, and intestinal histopathology were fully or partially reversed by dietary lycopene, chlorella, or citric acid. Enhancing dietary antioxidants is an effective strategy for preventing MP toxicity in Clarias gariepinus in aquaculture.
Background We report follow-up data from an ongoing prospective cohort study of COVID-19 in pediatric kidney transplantation through the Improving Renal Outcomes Collaborative (IROC). Methods Patient-level data from the IROC registry were combined with testing, indication, and outcomes data collected to describe the epidemiology of COVID testing, treatment, and clinical outcomes; determine the incidence of a positive COVID-19 test; describe rates of COVID-19 testing; and assess for clinical predictors of a positive COVID-19 test. Results From September 2020 to February 2021, 21 centers that care for 2690 patients submitted data from 648 COVID-19 tests on 465 patients. Most patients required supportive care only and were treated as outpatients, 16% experienced inpatient care, and 5% experienced intensive care. Allograft complications were rare, with acute kidney injury most common (7%). There was 1 case of respiratory failure and 1 death attributed to COVID-19. Twelve centers that care for 1730 patients submitted complete testing data on 351 patients. The incidence of COVID-19 among patients at these centers was 4%, whereas the incidence among tested patients was 19%. Risk factors to predict a positive COVID-19 test included age > 12 years, symptoms consistent with COVID-19, and close contact with a confirmed case of COVID-19. Conclusions Despite the increase in testing and positive tests over this study period, the incidence of allograft loss or death related to COVID-19 remained extremely low, with allograft loss or death each occurring in < 1% of COVID-19-positive patients and in less than < 0.1% of all transplant patients within the IROC cohort. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Establishing a molecular genetic diagnosis of focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS)/steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome (SRNS) can be useful for predicting post-transplant recurrence. Monogenic causes are reportedly present in approximately 20–30% of patients with FSGS/SRNS. However, the characteristics of patients who are likely to have a monogenic cause remain to be determined. Methods Pediatric recipients with SRNS and/or biopsy-proven FSGS who underwent their first kidney transplantation at our center between 1999 and 2019 were analyzed. Patients with secondary FSGS/SRNS were excluded. The recipients were divided into three groups: familial/syndromic, presumed primary, and undetermined FSGS/SRNS. Patients who met all of the following criteria were categorized as having presumed primary FSGS/SRNS: (i) nephrotic syndrome, (ii) complete or partial remission with initial steroid therapy and/or additional immunosuppressive therapies, and (iii) diffuse foot process effacement on electron microscopy in the native kidney biopsy. All patients underwent genetic testing using next-generation sequencing. Results Twenty-four patients from 23 families were analyzed in this study. Pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants in FSGS/SRNS-related genes were identified in four of four families, zero of eight families, and 10 of 11 families with familial/syndromic, presumed primary, and undetermined FSGS/SRNS, respectively. Post-transplant recurrence only occurred in patients with presumed primary FSGS/SRNS. Conclusions Our systematic approach based on precise clinicopathological findings including nephrotic syndrome, treatment responses, and diffuse foot process effacement might be useful to differentiate pediatric kidney transplant recipients with FSGS/SRNS who are likely to have a monogenic cause from patients who are not, and to predict post-transplant recurrence. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Purpose Acute kidney injury (AKI) recovery prediction remains challenging. The purpose of the present study is to develop and validate prediction models for AKI recovery at hospital discharge in critically ill patients with ICU-acquired AKI stage 3 (AKI-3). Methods Models were developed and validated in a development cohort (n = 229) and a matched validation cohort (n = 244) from the multicenter EPaNIC database to create prediction models with the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (Lasso) machine-learning algorithm. We evaluated the discrimination and calibration of the models and compared their performance with plasma neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) measured on first AKI-3 day (NGAL_AKI3) and reference model that only based on age. Results Complete recovery and complete or partial recovery occurred in 33.20% and 51.23% of the validation cohort patients respectively. The prediction model for complete recovery based on age, need for renal replacement therapy (RRT), diagnostic group (cardiac/surgical/trauma/others), and sepsis on admission had an area under the receiver operating characteristics curve (AUROC) of 0.53. The prediction model for complete or partial recovery based on age, need for RRT, platelet count, urea, and white blood cell count had an AUROC of 0.61. NGAL_AKI3 showed AUROCs of 0.55 and 0.53 respectively. In cardiac patients, the models had higher AUROCs of 0.60 and 0.71 than NGAL_AKI3’s AUROCs of 0.52 and 0.54. The developed models demonstrated a better performance over the reference models (only based on age) for cardiac surgery patients, but not for patients with sepsis and for a general ICU population. Conclusion Models to predict AKI recovery upon hospital discharge in critically ill patients with AKI-3 showed poor performance in the general ICU population, similar to the biomarker NGAL. In cardiac surgery patients, discrimination was acceptable, and better than NGAL. These findings demonstrate the difficulty of predicting non-reversible AKI early.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common complication in patients with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) (incidence 35–77%). AKI evolution during DKA treatment/recovery is poorly understood. Our aim was to assess children with DKA for prevalence, short-term kidney outcomes, severity, and predictors of AKI development and resolution. Methods This retrospective cohort study included children aged 2–14 years admitted with DKA between January 2016 and May 2020 in a Saudi tertiary care hospital. We defined AKI as an increase in serum creatinine of > 1.5 times baseline or > 3 mg/dL (26 mmol/L) within 48 h. Results Of 213 patients admitted with DKA, 172 (80.75%) developed AKI: stage 1 in 83 (38.96%), stage 2 in 86 (40.37%), and stage 3 in 3 (1.4%). No patient required dialysis. Multivariate analysis showed an increased risk of developing AKI with male gender (OR = 2.85) and lower serum bicarbonate (OR = 0.83) when adjusted for initial heart rate, hematocrit, new onset diabetes, and recurrent AKI. The mean time to AKI resolution was 13.21 ± 6.78 h. Factors leading to prolonged recovery from AKI in linear regression analysis were older age (B coefficient = 0.44, p  = 0.01), recurrent DKA episodes (B coefficient = 3.70, p value 0.003), increased acidosis severity (B coefficient =  − 0.44, p  = 0.04), increased time to anion gap normalization (B coefficient = 0.44, p  = 0.019), and increased initial glucose (B coefficient = 0.01, p  = 0.011). Conclusion In our cohort , AKI is a common, but mostly transient complication in children presenting with DKA, and its severity is associated with longer intensive care stays and time for acidosis resolution. AKI was associated with male gender, and lower serum bicarbonate. Proper consideration of such risk factors is needed for AKI assessment and management in future DKA clinical practice guidelines. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose The main purpose of this study is to explore characteristics of patients with chronic kidney disease in tuberous sclerosis (TSC) and to underline differences in clinical characteristics between end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients and patients in earlier stages of chronic kidney disease. Methods This multicentric, retrospective study included data for 48 patients from seven South-Eastern European countries (Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Greece, Montenegro, Serbia, Slovenia) in the period from February to August 2020. Researchers collected data from local and national nephrological and neurological registries and offered clinical and laboratory results from medical histories in follow-up periods. Results This study enrolled 48 patients with a median age of 32.3 years (range, 18–46 years), and predominant female gender (60.45%). The percentage of patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) diagnosis of the total number of patients was 66.90%, with end-stage renal disease development in 39.6%. The most prevalent renal lesions leading to chronic kidney disease were angiomyolipomas (AMLs) in 76.6%, while multiple renal cysts were present in 42.6% of patients. Nephrectomy was performed in 43% of patients, while the mTOR inhibitors were used in 18 patients (37.5%). The majority of patients had cutaneous manifestations of tuberous sclerosis—83.30% had hypomelanotic cutaneous lesions, and 68.80% had angiofibromas. Multiple retinal nodular hamartomas and "confetti" skin lesions were more frequent in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) than in patients with earlier stages of chronic kidney disease ( p -0.033 and 0.03, respectively). Conclusion Our study has also shown that retinal hamartomas and "confetti" skin lesions are more frequent in end-stage renal diseases (ESRD) patients than in other chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. Usage of mTOR inhibitors can also reduce the number of complications and associated with tuberous sclerosis, such as dermatological manifestations and retinal hamartoma, which are more common in the terminal stage of chronic kidney disease.
Purpose We aimed to assess critical temperature areas in the kidney parenchyma using magnetic resonance thermometry (MRT) in an ex vivo Holmium:YAG laser lithotripsy model. Methods Thermal effects of Ho:YAG laser irradiation of 14 W and 30 W were investigated in the calyx and renal pelvis of an ex vivo kidney with different laser application times ( t _ L ) followed by a delay time ( t _ D ) of t _ L / t _ D  = 5/5 s, 5/10 s, 10/5 s, 10/10 s, and 20/0 s, with irrigation rates of 10, 30, 50, 70, and 100 ml/min. Using MRT, the size of the area was determined in which the thermal dose as measured by the Cumulative Equivalent Minutes (CEM_43) method exceeded a value of 120 min. Results In the calyx, CEM_43 never exceeded 120 min for flow rates ≥ 70 ml/min at 14 W, and longer t _ L (10 s vs. 5 s) lead to exponentially lower thermal affection of tissue (3.6 vs. 21.9 mm^2). Similarly at 30 W and ≥ 70 ml/min CEM_43 was below 120 min. Interestingly, at irrigation rates of 10 ml/min, t _ L  = 10 s and t _ D  = 10 s CEM_43 were observed > 120 min in an area of 84.4 mm^2 and 49.1 mm^2 at t _ D  = 5 s. Here, t _ L  = 5 s revealed relevant thermal affection of 29.1 mm^2 at 10 ml/min. Conclusion We demonstrate that critical temperature dose areas in the kidney parenchyma were associated with high laser power and application times, a low irrigation rate, and anatomical volume of the targeted calyx.
 Sodium chloride, as salt, gives rise to hypertension. Nevertheless, individual susceptibility to the ramifications of sodium chloride is heterogeneous. The conventional nephron-centric regulation of sodium with neurohormonal inputs and responses is now expanded to include an intricate extrarenal pathway including the endothelium, skin, lymphatics, and immune cells. An overabundance of sodium is buffered and regulated by the skin interstitium. Excess sodium passes through (and damages) the vascular endothelium and can be dynamically stored in the skin, modulated by skin immune cells and lymphatics. This excess interstitially stored sodium is implicated in hypertension, cardiovascular dysfunction, metabolic disruption, and inflammatory dysregulation. This extrarenal pathway of regulating sodium represents a novel target for better blood pressure management, rebalancing disturbed inflammation, and hence addressing cardiovascular and metabolic disease.
Background Initiation of continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT) greater than 20% fluid overload is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. We aimed to reduce the number of patients initiated on CKRT greater than 20% fluid overload by 50% in one year by implementation of a quality improvement initiative. Methods This is a prospective quality improvement study set in a pediatric ICU of an urban children’s hospital of patients initiated on CKRT over 2 years. The intervention included creation of an electronic health record order for daily calculation of net percent fluid overload, incorporation into daily rounds, and education programs tailored to physicians and bedside nursing. We measured adherence with the new order set, percent fluid overload at CKRT initiation, days on CKRT, timing of first nephrology consultation, and death prior to discharge. Results A total of 32% of patients were initiated on CKRT greater than 20% fluid overload pre-initiative and 9% post-initiative, a 72% reduction over 13 months. Patients initiated on CKRT greater than 20% fluid overload had median CKRT course of 8 (IQR 4–14) vs. 22 days (IQR 13.5–62). Conclusion Creating a system using EHR with education may reduce initiation of CKRT after development of severe fluid overload. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Purpose To compare off-clamp vs on-clamp robotic partial nephrectomy (RPN) for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) in terms of oncological outcomes, and to assess the impact of surgical experience (SE). Methods We extracted data of a contemporary cohort of 1359 patients from the prospectively maintained database of the French national network of research on kidney cancer (UROCCR). The primary objective was to assess the positive surgical margin (PSM) rate. We also evaluated the oncological outcomes regardless of the surgical experience (SE) by dividing patients into three groups of SE as a secondary endpoints. SE was defined by the caseload of RPN per surgeon per year. For the continuous variables, we used Mann–Whitney and Student tests. We assessed survival analysis according to hilar control approach by Kaplan–Meier curves with log rank tests. A logistic regression multivariate analysis was used to evaluate the independent factors of PSM. Results Outcomes of 224 off-clamp RPN for RCC were compared to 1135 on-clamp RPN. PSM rate was not statistically different, with 5.6% in the off-clamp group, and 11% in the on-clamp group ( p  = 0.1). When assessing survival analysis for overall survival (OS), local recurrence-free survival (LR), and metastasis-free survival (MFS) according to hilar clamping approach, there were no statistically significant differences between the two groups with p value log rank = 0.2, 0.8, 0.1, respectively. In multivariate analysis assessing SE, hilar control approach, hospital volume (HV), RENAL score, gender, Age, ECOG, EBL, BMI, and indication of NSS, age at surgery was associated with PSM (odds ratio [OR] 1.03 (95% CI 1.00–1.04), 0.02), whereas SE, HV, and type of hilar control approach were not predictive factors of PSM. Conclusion Hilar control approach seems to have no impact on PSM of RPN for RCC. Our findings were consistent with randomized trials.
Systemic capillary leak syndrome is a rare and life-threatening disorder, characterized by recurrent episodes of unexplained hypotension, hemoconcentration, and hypoalbuminemia. This condition is caused by leakage of plasma and proteins into the extravascular space and can be classified as either idiopathic or secondary. Secondary systemic capillary leak syndrome can result from cancer, infections, medications, or surgery. Systemic capillary leak syndrome frequently develops as a side effect of denileukin diftitox treatment of refractory cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. However, the pathophysiology of this disease is not well understood. Herein, we report a case of denileukin diftitox-induced systemic capillary leak syndrome.
Due to immunosuppressive therapy, transplant patients are more susceptible to viral and bacterial infections. A potentially deadly new virus haunted us in 2020: SARS-CoV‑2, causing coronavirus disease 19 (COVID-19). We analyzed the consequences of this previously unknown risk for our living-donor transplant program in the first year of the pandemic. After the complete lockdown in spring 2020, our transplant center in Linz resumed the living-donor kidney transplantation program from June to September 2020, between the first and second waves of COVID-19 in Austria. We compared the outcomes of these living-donor kidney transplantations with the transplant outcomes of the corresponding periods of the three previous years. From June 4 to September 9, 2020, five living-donor kidney transplantations were performed. All donors and recipients were screened for COVID 19 infection by PCR testing the day before surgery. Kidney transplant recipients remained isolated in single rooms until discharge from hospital. All recipients and donors remained SARS-CoV‑2 negative during the follow-up of 10 months and have been fully vaccinated to date. The number of living transplants in the studied period of 2020 was constant compared to the same months of 2017, 2018, and 2019. Living-donor kidney transplantation can be continued using testing for SARS-CoV‑2 and meticulous hygienic precautions in epidemiologically favorable phases of the SARS-CoV‑2 pandemic. Donors and recipients should be carefully selected and informed about risks and benefits.
Recent research activities have provided new insights in vitamin D metabolism in various conditions. Furthermore, substantial progress has been made in the analysis of vitamin D metabolites and related biomarkers, such as vitamin D binding protein. Liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometric (LC–MS/MS) methods are capable of accurately measuring multiple vitamin D metabolites in parallel. Nevertheless, only 25(OH)D and the biologically active form 1,25(OH)2D are routinely measured in clinical practice. While 25(OH)D remains the analyte of choice for the diagnosis of vitamin D deficiency, 1,25(OH)2D is only recommended in a few conditions with a dysregulated D metabolism. 24,25(OH)2D, free and bioavailable 25(OH)D, and the vitamin D metabolite ratio (VMR) have shown promising results, but technical pitfalls in their quantification, limited clinical data and the lack of reference values, impede their use in clinical practice. LC–MS/MS is the preferred method for the measurement of all vitamin D related analytes as it offers high sensitivity and specificity. In particular, 25(OH)D and 24,25(OH)2D can accurately be measured with this technology. When interpreted together, they seem to provide a functional measure of vitamin D metabolism beyond the analysis of 25(OH)D alone. The determination of VDBP, free and bioavailable 25(OH)D is compromised by unresolved analytical issues, lacking reference intervals and insufficient clinical data. Therefore, future research activities should focus on analytical standardization and exploration of their clinical value. This review provides an overview on established and new vitamin D related biomarkers including their pathophysiological role, preanalytical and analytical aspects, expected values, indications and influencing conditions.
Background Glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency (G6PDd) is the most common enzyme deficiency in humans. Randomized clinical trials comparing the efficacy of different types of fluid therapy for prevention of acute kidney injury (AKI) following hemolysis in patients with G6PDd are lacking. The present study aimed to compare the efficacy of three different types of fluid administration, isotonic saline with or without acetazolamide versus bicarbonate solution in prevention of AKI among children with acute hemolysis due to G6PDd. Methods In this double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial, 120 infants and children with acute hemolysis due to G6PDd were randomly divided into three groups consisting of 40 participants in each group. Group A received normal saline. Group B received normal saline plus oral acetazolamide at a dose of 5 mg/kg/day, and group C received half saline plus 75 mEq/L sodium bicarbonate. The primary outcome of this study was the frequency of AKI among the different types of fluid administration. Results In this study, 72 (60%) patients were boys with the mean age and length of hospital stay of 3.9 ± 2.2 years and 54.4 ± 29.9 h, respectively. AKI as the primary outcome of this study occurred only in one patient in group C and the rate of AKI did not differ significantly among patients receiving different types of fluid resuscitation ( P  > 0.05). Conclusion Normal saline was equivalent to fluids containing alkalinizing agents in preventing heme-induced nephropathy in patients with G6PDd. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Carbon tetrachloride (CCl_4) is a xenbiotic that can cause cellular damage with free radical production. Calcium fructoborate (CFB) is a boron-based nutritional supplement with antioxidant properties. Calcium fructoborate used in our study is marketed by Future Ceutical Corporation as FruiteX-B, which has a chemical structure similar to the natural form of boron found in edible plants. In this study, it was aimed to determine the antioxidant activity, DNA damage, and histopathological effects of CFB on the liver and kidney tissues of rats in the toxicity induced by CCl_4. During 14 days of treatment, 42 wistar albino rats were divided into 7 in each group, control group, olive oil (0.25 ml twice a week), CFB (1 mg/day), CFB-CCl_4 (1 mg/day, twice a week 0.5 ml), ZY-CFB (0.25 ml/twice a week, 1 mg/2 times day twice), and CCl_4 (0.5 ml twice a week). AST, ALT, HDL, LDH, urea, creatinine, triglyceride, total protein and albumin levels were analyzed in the blood serum of rats. The antioxidant defense system enzymes CAT, GR, GPx, SOD activities and GSH, MDA and 8-OHdG levels in liver and kidney tissues were determined and evaluated. In addition, liver and kidney tissues were examined with only hispatological tests. As a result of the findings, it shows that CCl_4 disrupts antioxidant defense mechanisms by disrupting some enzyme systems in the kidney and liver. CFB (Fruit-XB), a boronbased dietary supplement, regulates antioxidant metabolism by strengthening biochemical metabolic profiles against oxidation, and also has a protective effect against DNA damage caused by oxidation. Thus, it was concluded that CFB has antioxidant property against CCl4-induced liver and kidney toxicity.
We herein report a case of enterocutaneous fistula in a patient with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). A 37-year-old Japanese man was admitted to our hospital. Three months prior to transfer to our hospital, he developed intense flank pain with gross hematuria. His serum creatinine had decreased to 7.8 mg/dL and hemodialysis was started, but gross hematuria persisted and he developed hypotension. Upon admission, plain chest radiography did not reveal any free air, but computed tomography (CT) showed generalized ventral subcutaneous air from the head to the lower extremities and enlarged kidneys. Enterography showed leakage of contrast medium from the descending colon into the subcutaneous area. C-reactive protein was 23.1 mg/dL. A colostomy was placed in the transverse colon proximal to the perforation, and systemic subcutaneous drainage was performed. The fever subsequently resolved, and the C-reactive protein test became negative. Three months later, renal artery embolization was performed, and 12 months thereafter, CT showed a marked decrease in kidney size. We assume that a markedly enlarged kidney leaded to intestinal perforation, which developed into an enterocutaneous fistula. Consequently, intestinal fluid leaked into the subcutaneous cavity of the abdominal wall and spread systemically, resulting in extensive subcutaneous abscesses.
Fresh tobacco or the smoke resulting from waterpipe and cigarette contains large amounts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), which consumption can cause releasing of these contaminants into the indoor air of cigarette and waterpipe cafés. This study was conducted to investigate the urinary concentrations of unmetabolized PAH compounds among the employed workers as well as the customers in waterpipe and cigarette cafés along with its association with oxidative stress factors plus kidney injury biomarkers. For this, 35 staffs and 35 customers in these cafés (as an exposed group (EG)), 20 staffs in non-smoking cafés (as 1st control group (CG-1)), and 20 of the public population (as 2nd control group 2 (CG-2)) were chosen and their urine specimens were collected. The results indicated that there is a significant difference between urinary concentration of ƩPAHs in the exposed and control groups ( P value  <  0.05 ). Also, “type of tobacco” can be considered as an influential and determining factor for the urinary levels of PAHs among the subjects. Considering the contribution of PAHs to the total toxic equivalents, benzo[ a ]pyrene (BaP), dibenzo[a,h]anthracene (DahA), and fluoranthene (Flrt) with 32.76%, 27.62%, and 18.65% claimed the largest share in waterpipe/cigarette cafés. The results also indicated a positive and significant relationship between some PAHs and oxidative stress biomarkers as well as uKIM-1 (biomarker for assessing and diagnosing glomerular damage) and TIMP-1 (biomarker of stress in primary steps of injury in tubular cell). Thus, it can be expressed that the workers of these smoking cafés are prone to the detrimental health impacts. Accordingly, proper policies and decisions should be taken to limit the activity of these cafés or proper protective strategies should be adopted to protect the health of exposed individuals.
Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) is a critical condition induced by either reduced kidney functions or kidney pathology. The early diagnosis of CKD is considered significant to prevent the patient from a serious condition. In literature, various techniques are presented to detect CKD at the initial stage, but providing a better performance is still challenging, which causes the patients may not identify their diseases at the starting stage. Some of the noticeable drawbacks of existing techniques are higher-dimensional attributes, computational issues and high execution time. In order to overcome these concerns, this proposed paper focuses on designing an improved deep learning approach with optimal feature selection for the effective detection of CKD. The first stage of the proposed method is preprocessing, which performs digitalization, normalization and data filling. Then, a novel Local Search with Nearest Neighbour (LSNN) optimization is introduced for selecting effective features. Finally, the Improved Deep Belief Network (IDBN) is built using the obtained optimal features. The proposed CKD prediction model is validated using Benchmark and Real time datasets. The performance of the model is analyzed by considering five different cases. Each case has a different combination of attributes, and the performances are compared with conventional CKD prediction techniques like Deep Belief Network (DBN), Deep Neural Network (DNN), Multi-layer Perceptron (MLP), and Support Vector Machine (SVM). Both the prediction strategies provided better performance while using the optimally selected 15 features by LSNN. The proposed IDBN provided a maximum of 98% and 97% of accuracy, 0.01 and 0.02 of error value, 99% and 98% of precision, 98% and 99% of recall for benchmark and real time datasets, respectively. Ultimately the proposed IDBM with LSNN based techniques provided better performance for the prediction of CKD.
Objective To describe the spectrum of congenital renal anomalies and emphasize the critical role of comprehensive autopsy examination in identifying CAKUT, especially of lower urinary tract malformations correlating with prenatal imaging methods. Methods Retrospective analyses of CAKUT diagnosed at fetal autopsy were analyzed over a 7-y period and correlated with prenatal imaging findings. Result Among the 255 fetal autopsies, 45 cases were detected with CAKUT. Isolated (27%), syndromic CAKUT (51%), and CAKUT associated with other system anomalies (22%) were found. Hydronephrosis, followed by cystic renal diseases and agenesis were the common renal malformations. The gastrointestinal tract (GIT) was the commonest system associated with CAKUT. Among the syndromic CAKUT, the urorectal septum malformation (URSM) was the most frequent one, followed by VACTER-L, acrorenal syndrome, and OEIS complex. When correlating prenatal USG and autopsy findings, a significant change in final diagnosis was observed in 60% of cases. Conclusion Extrarenal malformations and syndromic associations of CAKUT predominated over isolated ones. Detection of lower urinary tract anomalies in CAKUT is difficult through antenatal imaging methods if associated with oligohydramnios. In these circumstances, the perinatal autopsy has a significant role in arriving at the final diagnosis which guides the clinician in predicting the recurrence risk and the need for genetic workup.
Background Geriatric syndromes are complex clinical manifestations and significant causes of mortality and morbidity. This study was aimed to determine the frequency and co-incidence of geriatric syndromes in older patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods Older patients were included in this cross-sectional retrospective study. All patients were questioned in terms of geriatric syndromes including dementia, polypharmacy, malnutrition, frailty, probable sarcopenia, urinary incontinence, falls, fear of falling, depression, insomnia, and excessive daytime sleepiness. Geriatric syndromes were evaluated according to Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR) ≥ 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2, 30–59 ml/min/1.73 m^2 and < 30 ml/min/1.73 m^2. Results Of the 1320 patients included, the mean age was 79.6 ± 7.8 and 929 (70%) were female. GFR groups ≥ 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2, 30–59 ml/min/1.73 m^2, and < 30 ml/min/1.73 m^2 comprised of 55%, 38%, and 7% patients, respectively. The rate of ≥ 3 syndromes in the same person was 66.4% in the group with GFR ≥ 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2. After age and sex adjusted; it was observed that frailty was 2.5 times, probable sarcopenia 2.4 times, and malnutrition 2.7 times more in those with GFR 30–59 ml/min/1.73 m^2 compared to those with GFR ≥ 60 ml/min/1.73 m^2 ( p  < 0.05). Dementia 1.4, frailty 1.55, polypharmacy 2.0, and urinary incontinence were 1.6 times more common in those with a GFR < 30 ml/min/1.73 m^2 ( p  < 0.05). Conclusions Each of the geriatric syndromes and their co-incidence are high in older CKD patients. Geriatricians and nephrologists should be aware of geriatric syndromes in older CKD patients, and they should cooperate for the management of these patients.
Impact of hypertension and diabetes on the onset of chronic kidney disease in a general Japanese population. Hypertension (HT) and diabetes mellitus (DM) are both major risk factors for chronic kidney disease (CKD); however, few studies have examined the impacts of the combination of HT and DM on CKD development in general populations. We aimed to explore whether HT or DM contributes more to CKD development in a Japanese community. A total of 5823 individuals without a history of CKD who underwent specific health checkups in fiscal year 2013 were monitored until the end of March 2018. Participants were categorized as having neither HT nor DM (none group), either HT or DM, and both (HT + DM). We calculated the hazard ratios (HRs) for developing CKD in each category using Cox proportional hazards models after adjusting for age, dyslipidemia, smoking, and alcohol drinking and with the none group as the reference. We also estimated the population attributable fraction (PAF) for CKD development in populations with either HT or DM or both. During a mean follow-up of 3.0 years, 759 individuals developed CKD, with HRs of 1.56 with a 95% confidence interval (CI) [1.33, 1.83], 1.22 with a 95% CI [0.86, 1.75], and 2.83 with a 95% CI [2.22, 3.63] for the HT only, DM only and HT + DM categories, respectively. Sex-specific analysis showed similar findings. The PAFs for CKD (14.1% and 17.2% for men and women, respectively) were the highest among participants with HT only. We concluded that in this Japanese community, HT contributed more than DM to CKD development; hence, managing hypertension is important to prevent CKD as well as diabetes.
Introduction Information about patient preferences for the treatment of anaemia associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is scarce. Hence, our aim was to examine how patients with non-dialysis-dependent CKD valued attributes of alternative hypothetical anaemia treatments. Methods A discrete choice experiment (DCE) was conducted in adult patients who reported a clinical diagnosis of CKD-related anaemia. Treatment attributes included mode and frequency of administration, need for iron supplementation, risk of gastrointestinal side effects, risk of major cardiovascular events and impact on energy levels (as defined by the vitality section of the SF-6D health index). Logit models were used to analyse patients’ preferences. Results The DCE was completed by 200 patients in four countries. Patients preferred an oral mode of administration. Patients were willing to tolerate a 5.1% (95% CI 2.0–8.3%) increase in the risk of a major cardiovascular event and an 11.7% (95% CI 5.0–18.5%) increase in the risk of gastrointestinal side effects to switch from an at-home subcutaneous injection administered once every 2 weeks to an at-home oral pill administered three times a week. Patients were willing to tolerate a 20.3% (95% CI 15.0–25.6%) increase in the risk of gastrointestinal side effects and an 8.9% (95% CI 6.1–11.7%) increase in the risk of a major cardiovascular event to transition from ‘Sometimes having a lot of energy’ to ‘Always having a lot of energy’. Conclusions Patients with non-dialysis-dependent CKD-related anaemia demonstrated clear treatment preferences and were willing to accept increased gastrointestinal or cardiovascular risks in exchange for more energy or an oral treatment.
Background Chronic kidney disease-mineral bone disorder (CKD-MBD) is a common comorbidity in patients with CKD. The study aims to describe the control rates of serum-corrected calcium (Ca), phosphate (P) and intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and its risk factors among maintenance hemodialysis (MHD) patients in Anhui Province of China. Methods The study was conducted in 27 hemodialysis centers of Anhui Province between January 1st 2020 and December 31th 2020. Chi-square test was used to compare the control rates of serum-corrected Ca, P and iPTH between the present study and DOPPS 4 or Anhui Province in 2014. Binary logistic regression analysis was used to explore the risk factors of the control rates of serum-corrected Ca, P and iPTH. Results A total of 3 025 MHD patients were recruited in this study, with a mean age of 54.8 (SD: 12.8) years, and 60.1% were males. According to the Chinese Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for CKD-MBD, the control rates of serum-corrected Ca, P and iPTH in the present study were 57.9%, 20.0% and 56.0%, respectively. Based on KDOQI guidelines (2003), the control rates of the above indicators were 43.1%, 35.3% and 22.3%, respectively. The control rates of serum-corrected Ca, P and iPTH in this study were lower than those of DOPPS 4 ( P  < 0.001). Compared to the results of Anhui Province in 2014, the control rate of corrected Ca was higher ( P  < 0.001) and the control rate of iPTH was lower ( P  = 0.005). Age, residential area, BMI, dialysis vintage, albumin and hemoglobin levels were factors of serum-corrected Ca, P and iPTH not within target range. Conclusion The control rates of serum-corrected Ca, P and iPTH in MHD patients in Anhui Province are relatively low. Monitoring and management should be strengthened to improve the prognosis of patients undergoing dialysis.
Objectives Determine the proportion of malignancy within Bosniak v2019 classes. Methods MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched. Eligible studies contained patients with cystic renal masses undergoing CT or MRI renal protocol examinations with pathology confirmation, applying Bosniak v2019. Proportion of malignancy was estimated within Bosniak v2019 class. Risk of bias was assessed using QUADAS-2. Results We included 471 patients with 480 cystic renal masses. No class I malignant masses were observed. Pooled proportion of malignancy were class II, 12% (6/51, 95% CI 5–24%); class IIF, 46% (37/85, 95% CI 28–66%); class III, 79% (138/173, 95% CI 68–88%); and class IV, 84% (114/135, 95% CI 77–90%). Proportion of malignancy differed between Bosniak v2019 II–IV classes ( p = 0.004). Four studies reported the proportion of malignancy by wall/septa feature. The pooled proportion of malignancy with 95% CI were class III thick smooth wall/septa, 77% (41/56, 95% CI 53–91%); class III obtuse protrusion ≤ 3 mm (irregularity), 83% (97/117, 95% CI 75–89%); and class IV nodule with acute angulation, 86% (50/58, 95% CI 75–93%) or obtuse angulation ≥ 4 mm, 83%, (64/77, 95% CI 73–90%). Subgroup analysis by wall/septa feature was limited by sample size; however, no differences were found comparing class III masses with irregularity to class IV masses ( p = 0.74) or between class IV masses by acute versus obtuse angles ( p = 0.62). Conclusion Preliminary data suggest Bosniak v2019 class IIF masses have higher proportion of malignancy compared to the original classification, controlling for pathologic reference standard. There are no differences in proportion of malignancy comparing class III masses with irregularities to class IV masses with acute or obtuse nodules. Key Points • The proportion of malignancy in Bosniak v2019 class IIF cystic masses is 46% (37 malignant/85 total IIF masses, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 28–66%) . • The proportion of malignancy in Bosniak v2019 class III cystic masses is 79% (138/173, 95% CI 68–88%) and in Bosniak v2019 class IV cystic masses is 84% (114/135, 95% CI 77–90%) . • Class III cystic masses with irregularities had similar proportion of malignancy (83%, 97/117, 95% CI 75–89%) compared to Bosniak class IV masses (84%, 114/135, 95% CI 77–90%) overall (p = 0.74) with no difference within class IV masses by acute versus obtuse angulation (p = 0.62) .
Urolithiasis is a common urological disorder, which causes considerable morbidity in both genders at all age groups worldwide. Though treatment options such as diuretics and non-invasive techniques to disintegrate the deposits are available, but often they are found less effective in the clinics. In this work, we planned to investigate the ameliorative effects of daidzin against the ethylene glycol (EG)-induced urolithiasis in rats. The male albino rats were distributed into four groups ( n  = 6) as control (group I), urolithiasis induced by the administration of 0.75% EG (group II), urolithiasis induced rats treated with 50 mg/kg of daidzin (group III), and urolithiasis rats treated with standard drug 750 mg/kg of cystone (group IV). The urine volume, pH, and total protein in the urine were assessed. The activities of marker enzymes in both plasma and kidney tissues were analyzed using assay kits. The levels of kidney function markers such as calcium, oxalate, urea, creatinine, uric acid, magnesium, BUN, and phosphorous were estimated using assay kits. The status of antioxidants and inflammatory cytokines were also examined using kits. The renal tissues were examined by histopathological analysis. Our results revealed that the daidzin treatment effectively decreased the urine pH and protein level and increased the urine volume in the urolithiasis rats. Daidzin decreased the calcium, oxalate, uric acid, and urea, creatinine, and BUN levels and also improved the magnesium and phosphorus in the urolithiasis rats. The activities of AST, ALT, ALP, GGT, and LDH were effectively reduced by the daidzin in both serum and renal tissue. Daidzin also reduced the inflammatory marker and increased the antioxidant levels. Histopathology results also proved the therapeutic effects of daidzin. Together, our results displayed that daidzin is effective in the amelioration of EG-induced urolithiasis in rats.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) heralds deterioration in patients with decompensated chronic liver disease (DCLD). Serum creatinine (sCr), a component of the model for end-stage liver disease-sodium (MELD-Na) prognostic score, has limitations in patients with DCLD. We evaluated the prognostic role of urine neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) in DCLD and its ability to sub-type AKI. Methods Total 147 consecutive patients hospitalized between June 2018 and June 2020 for complications of DCLD were evaluated. Urine NGAL was estimated and demographic, clinical and biochemical parameters recorded at baseline. Participants were followed up till the end of study period or mortality, whichever came earlier. Primary outcomes included all-cause mortality and time to death after index hospitalization. Secondary outcomes included the presence and type of AKI, need for intensive care unit (ICU) stay, length of ICU/hospital stay, in-hospital mortality, development of new-onset/recurrent AKI and recurrent hospitalization after index admission. Results Urine NGAL was highest in acute tubular necrosis (ATN), lowest in pre-renal azotemia (PRA) and intermediate in hepatorenal syndrome (HRS-AKI). Urine NGAL ( p  = 0.0208) was superior to sCr ( p  = 0.0388) and inferior to fractionated excretion of sodium (﻿FENa) ( p  = 0.0013) in stratifying AKI. A cut-off of 203.9 ng/mL discriminated between HRS and PRA with sensitivity 77.8% and specificity 68.7%. Urine NGAL correlated with MELD-Na score, need for ICU stay, in-hospital mortality and mortality at three and six months. Two-year survival was significantly lower in patients with urine NGAL > 205 ng/mL. Addition of log-urine-NGAL score did not improve predictive performance of MELD-Na. Conclusion Urine NGAL could identify AKI sub-types and correlated with short-term clinical outcomes, including mortality.
Inherited kidney diseases (IKDs) are a large group of disorders affecting different nephron segments, many of which progress towards kidney failure due to the absence of curative therapies. With the current advances in genetic testing, the understanding of the molecular basis and pathophysiology of these disorders is increasing and reveals new potential therapeutic targets. RNA has revolutionized the world of molecular therapy and RNA-based therapeutics have started to emerge in the kidney field. To apply these therapies for inherited kidney disorders, several aspects require attention. First, the mRNA must be combined with a delivery vehicle that protects the oligonucleotides from degradation in the blood stream. Several types of delivery vehicles have been investigated, including lipid-based, peptide-based, and polymer-based ones. Currently, lipid nanoparticles are the most frequently used formulation for systemic siRNA and mRNA delivery. Second, while the glomerulus and tubules can be reached by charge- and/or size-selectivity, delivery vehicles can also be equipped with antibodies, antibody fragments, targeting peptides, carbohydrates or small molecules to actively target receptors on the proximal tubule epithelial cells, podocytes, mesangial cells or the glomerular endothelium. Furthermore, local injection strategies can circumvent the sequestration of RNA formulations in the liver and physical triggers can also enhance kidney-specific uptake. In this review, we provide an overview of current and potential future RNA-based therapies and targeting strategies that are in development for kidney diseases, with particular interest in inherited kidney disorders.
Aims Microinflammation and malnutrition are common in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We aimed to validate whether prognostic nutritional index (PNI) may increase the risk of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) and all-cause mortality in T2DM patients. Methods This retrospective cohort study was based on the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) and National Death Index (NDI) 2013–2018 database. A total of 14,349 eligible subjects were included, and 2720 of them were with T2DM. PNI was assessed by the 5 × lymphocyte count (10^9/L) + serum albumin (g/L). The Logistic and Cox regression analyses were conducted to investigate the risk factors of DKD and mortality in T2DM patients. Results For 14,349 participants represented 224.7 million noninstitutionalized residents of the United State, the average PNI was 53.72 ± 0.12, and the prevalence of T2DM was 14.89%. T2DM patients had a lower level of PNI and dietary protein intake, a higher risk of mortality, kidney injury, anemia, arterial hypertension and hyperuricemia, compared with non-T2DM subjects. DKD occurred in 35.06% of diabetic participants and a higher PNI was independently related with a lower risk of DKD (OR 0.64, 95% CI 0.459–0.892, p  = 0.01) in T2DM after multivariate adjustment. During a median follow-up of 46 person-months (29–66 months), a total of 233 T2DM individuals died from all causes (mortality rate = 8.17%). Subjects with T2DM who had a higher PNI showed a lower risk of all-cause mortality (HR 0.60, 95% CI 0.37–0.97, p  = 0.036). Conclusions PNI, as a marker of immunonutrition, correlated with the incidence of DKD, and was an independent predictor for all-cause mortality in participants with T2DM. Thus, PNI may conduce to the risk stratification and timely intervention of T2DM patients.
Background Correlation between reports of children and parent for health-related quality of life (HRQOL) is not well studied. This study aims to assess the degree of agreement between child self- and parent proxy-rated HRQOL and to identify factors associated with discordance at baseline and during follow-up in Taiwanese children with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods This study includes pediatric patients aged 5–18 years with confirmed CKD. Participants completed the generic version of the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL) at baseline and every 6 months during follow-up. Child–parent agreement on HRQOL reports was assessed using intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). Multivariate regression models were used to determine factors associated with child–parent discordance. Results Of the 112 child–parent dyads included in the analysis, 97 dyads with 640 patient visits were assessed in 4.5 years. Children reported higher total scores on the physical and psychosocial domains as compared to their parent proxies. ICC was low (< 0.5) for the psychosocial domain and moderate for the physical health domain at initial assessment and slightly increased for the physical health (0.62) and for school functioning (0.51) during follow-up. Development of mineral bone disorder/anemia (β, 11.75 [3.77–19.72]) and proteinuria (β, 8.48 [1.15–15.81]) in the follow-up were associated with increased discordance in school functioning, and fathers with chronic disease were associated with increased discordance in social functioning (β, 4.21 [0.68–7.74]). Conclusions Parent proxy consistently estimated lower PedsQL score compared to self-reports of children. Child self-rated psychosocial health domains should be evaluated whenever possible to better elucidate treatment outcome over time. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) drastically increases the risk for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and its worldwide prevalence is still rising. Effective treatment slows CKD progression, prevents development of end-stage kidney disease and cardiovascular disease thereby prolonging survival of patients. Recently, several large-scale studies with sodium-glucose cotransport‑2 inhibitors (SGLT-2i) have demonstrated profound nephroprotective and cardioprotective properties in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with both CKD and heart failure. Recently, the dapagliflozin and prevention of adverse outcomes in chronic kidney disease (DAPA-CKD) trial demonstrated that the selective SGLT-2i dapagliflozin reduced the hazard ratio for a composite renal and cardiovascular death endpoint in patients with CKD with or without type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, dapagliflozin exerted strong nephroprotection in CKD patients with diverse etiologies like IgA nephropathy. Furthermore, other promising CKD trials such as with empagliflozin are underway. Hence, individualized treatment with SGLT2i represents a promising therapeutic option for patients with both diabetic and non-diabetic CKD. Here we summarize the current knowledge on the treatment with SGLT-2i in CKD patients underscoring a strong rationale for SGLT2 inhibition to be incorporated into standard of care for most CKD patients also with non-diabetic kidney disease. Finally, we aim to translate the current evidence into recommendations for the clinical practice in the management of patients with CKD.
Purpose To evaluate prevalence and predictive value of hypoechoic perinephric fat (HPF) in patients with prediabetes and diabetes compared to non-diabetics. Methods Of 240 patients with renal ultrasound and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) measurements, 114 patients had either prediabetes (HbA1c 5.7–6.4%) or diabetes (HbA1c ≥ 6.5%), and 126 patients did not. Two radiologists (blinded to diagnosis) reviewed images and discrepancies were resolved by a third. Inter-reader agreement was compared using free-marginal kappa and intraclass correlation coefficient. Fisher’s exact test, Mann–Whitney test, multivariable logistic regression, and Spearman’s rank correlation test with two-tailed p  < 0.05 were used to determine statistical significance. Results HPF was exclusively identified in prediabetic and diabetic patients with a prevalence of 23% (vs 0%; p  < 0.001). Identification of HPF had almost perfect inter-reader agreement ( k  = 0.94) and was statistically significant ( p  = 0.034) while controlling for body mass index (BMI) and estimated glomerular filtration rate in multivariable analysis. HPF had extremely high specificity and positive predictive value (100% for both) in patients with prediabetes and diabetes although it was not a sensitive finding (23% sensitivity). In patients with prediabetes and diabetes, those with HPF were statistically significantly more likely to have chronic kidney disease (CKD) ( p  = 0.003). There was no statistically significant difference in BMI, stages of CKD, and types of diabetes. Conclusion Hypoechoic perirenal fat has almost perfect inter-reader agreement and is highly specific for and predictive of prediabetes and diabetes. Its presence may also help identify those with chronic kidney disease among prediabetic and diabetic patients.
Farmed Atlantic salmon ( Salmo salar ) welfare and performance can be strongly influenced by stress episodes caused by handling during farming practices. To better understand the changes occurring after an acute stress response, we exposed a group of Atlantic salmon parr to an acute stressor, which involved netting and transferring fish to several new holding tanks. We describe a time-course response to stress by sampling parr in groups before (T0) and 10, 20, 30, 45, 60, 120, 240, 300, and 330 min post-stress. A subgroup of fish was also subjected to the same stressor for a second time to assess their capacity to respond to the same challenge again within a short timeframe (ReStressed). Fish plasma was assessed for adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), cortisol, and ions levels. Mucus cortisol levels were analyzed and compared with the plasma cortisol levels. At 5 selected time points (T0, 60, 90, 120, 240, and ReStressed), we compared the head kidney transcriptome profile of 10 fish per time point. The considerably delayed increase of ACTH in the plasma (60 min post-stress), and the earlier rise of cortisol levels (10 min post-stress), suggests that cortisol release could be triggered by more rapidly responding factors, such as the sympathetic system. This hypothesis may be supported by a high upregulation of several genes involved in synaptic triggering, observed both during the first and the second stress episodes. Furthermore, while the transcriptome profile showed few changes at 60 min post-stress, expression of genes in several immune-related pathways increased markedly with each successive time point, demonstrating the role of the immune system in fish coping capacity. Although many of the genes discussed in this paper are still poorly characterized, this study provides new insights regarding the mechanisms occurring during the stress response of salmon parr and may form the basis for a useful guideline on timing of sampling protocols.
Purpose Continuous oxygen therapy to compensate for decreased oxygen saturation in the blood is a life-saving treatment used in case lung involvement. Excess oxygen delivery was reported to be a common situation, in which about 50% of the patients showed hyperoxemia and 4% in severe hyperoxemia. In this work, we investigated the effects of hyperoxia on the rat kidneys and whether tadalafil has an effect to reduce this damage. Materials and methods Three groups of 8 male rats each weighing 300–350 g were formed. The groups were divided into the control group, hyperoxia group, and hyperoxia and tadalafil administered group for 10 days. At the end of the 10th day, blood and kidney samples were taken for biochemical analysis (SOD and NO levels) and histopathological examination. Results While our findings showed that SOD levels were significantly different among the control and experimental groups and within the experimental groups, no statistical difference was found in terms of NO levels among the groups (Table 1). While the glomerular and tubular injury was higher in the Hyperoxia group and the Hyperoxia + Tadalafil group than in the control group ( p  < 0.001), as a result of the rate of severe glomerular and tubular injury in the hyperoxia group, was 62.5% and 43.8% and in the group given tadalafil was 43.8% and 31.3%, respectively (Table 2). Conclusions Exposure to hyperoxia condition causes renal glomerular and tubular damage, and tadalafil does not show a protective effect on this damage according to this study’s dose and exposure time.
The malignant tumors in nature share some common morphological characteristics. Radiomics is not only images but also data; we think that a probability exists in a set of radiomics signatures extracted from CT scan images of one cancer tumor in one specific organ also be utilized for overall survival prediction in different types of cancers in different organs. The retrospective study enrolled four data sets of cancer patients in three different organs (420, 157, 137, and 191 patients for lung 1 training, lung 2 testing, and two external validation set: kidney and head and neck, respectively). In the training set, radiomics features were obtained from CT scan images, and essential features were chosen by LASSO algorithm. Univariable and multivariable analyses were then conducted to find a radiomics signature via Cox proportional hazard regression. The Kaplan–Meier curve was performed based on the risk score. The integrated time-dependent area under the ROC curve (iAUC) was calculated for each predictive model. In the training set, Kaplan–Meier curve classified patients as high or low-risk groups ( p -value < 0.001; log-rank test). The risk score of radiomics signature was locked and independently evaluated in the testing set, and two external validation sets showed significant differences ( p -value < 0.05; log-rank test). A combined model (radiomics + clinical) showed improved iAUC in lung 1, lung 2, head and neck, and kidney data set are 0.621 (95% CI 0.588, 0.654), 0.736 (95% CI 0.654, 0.819), 0.732 (95% CI 0.655, 0.809), and 0.834 (95% CI 0.722, 0.946), respectively. We believe that CT-based radiomics signatures for predicting overall survival in various cancer sites may exist.
Background Globally, the World Health Organization ranks chronic kidney disease (CKD) as one of the top 10 causes of mortality. In South Africa, where noncommunicable diseases have become leading causes of mortality, the true population prevalence of CKD is unknown and associated risk factors remain understudied. This study aimed to describe the prevalence of kidney dysfunction and associated risk factors in a community from the North West province of South Africa. Methods This cross-sectional study included 1999 participants older than 30 years. Kidney dysfunction was defined as (i) estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 90 ml/min/1.73m^2, or (ii) urine albuminuria-to-creatinine ratio (uACR) ≥ 3.0 mg/mmol, or a combination (i and ii). Risk factors included age, sex, urban/rural locality, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP), lipid profile, haemoglobin A1c (HbA1C), C-reactive protein (CRP), gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), tobacco use, and HIV status. Results Mean age of participants was 48 (42;56) years, and 655/1999 (33%) had eGFR < 90 ml/min/1.73m^2 and/or uACR  ≥  3.0 mg/mmol. Compared to those with normal kidney function, participants with eGFR < 90 ml/min/1.73m^2 and/or uACR ≥ 3.0 mg/mmol were older, female, had higher measures of adiposity, systolic, diastolic, and mean arterial blood pressure, serum lipids and C-reactive protein (CRP) (all p  ≤  0.024). In multiple regression analyses eGFR was associated with systolic BP (β = 0.11) and HIV infection (β = -0.09), and albuminuria was associated with elevated CRP (β = 0.12) and HIV infection (β = 0.11) (all p < 0.026). In both groups (individuals with and without kidney dysfunction respectively), eGFR was associated with age (β = -0.29, β = -0.49), male sex (β = 0.35, β = 0.28), BMI (β = -0.12, β = -0.09), low-density/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio (β = -0.17, β = -0.09) and CRP (β = 0.10, β = 0.09) (all p < 0.005); and uACR was associated with female sex (β = 0.10, β = -0.14), urban locality (β = -0.11, β = -0.08), BMI (β = -0.11, β-0.11), and systolic BP (β = 0.27, β = 0.14) (all p < 0.017). Conclusion In this study from the North West province, South Africa, eGFR < 90 ml/min/1.73m^2 and/or uACR  ≥  3.0 mg/mmol was prevalent and associated with modifiable risk factors. The findings may inform screening strategies for kidney disease prevention, focusing on women, obesity, blood pressure control, dyslipidaemia, identifying and treating inflammation, and HIV diagnosis and treatment.
Background TGFβ1 is a major profibrotic mediator in chronic kidney disease (CKD). Its direct inhibition, however, is limited by adverse effects. Inhibition of activins, also members of the TGFβ superfamily, blocks TGFβ1 profibrotic effects, but the mechanism underlying this and the specific activin(s) involved are unknown. Methods Cells were treated with TGFβ1 or activins A/B. Activins were inhibited generally with follistatin, or specifically with neutralizing antibodies or type I receptor downregulation. Cytokine levels, signaling and profibrotic responses were assessed with ELISA, immunofluorescence, immunoblotting and promoter luciferase reporters. Wild-type or TGFβ1-overexpressing mice with unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO) were treated with an activin A neutralizing antibody. Results In primary mesangial cells, TGFβ1 induces secretion primarily of activin A, which enables longer-term profibrotic effects by enhancing Smad3 phosphorylation and transcriptional activity. This results from lack of cell refractoriness to activin A, unlike that for TGFβ1, and promotion of TGFβ type II receptor expression. Activin A also supports transcription through regulating non-canonical MRTF-A activation. TGFβ1 additionally induces secretion of activin A, but not B, from tubular cells, and activin A neutralization prevents the TGFβ1 profibrotic response in renal fibroblasts. Fibrosis induced by UUO is inhibited by activin A neutralization in wild-type mice. Worsened fibrosis in TGFβ1-overexpressing mice is associated with increased renal activin A expression and is inhibited to wild-type levels with activin A neutralization. Conclusions Activin A facilitates TGFβ1 profibrotic effects through regulation of both canonical (Smad3) and non-canonical (MRTF-A) signaling, suggesting it may be a novel therapeutic target for preventing fibrosis in CKD.
Background The kidney is the most frequently injured component of the genitourinary system, accounting for 5% of all trauma cases. Several guidelines by different societies address the management of urological trauma. However, unanswered questions remain regarding optimal use of angioembolization in hemodynamically stable patients, indications for operative exploration of stable retroperitoneal hematomas and renal salvage techniques in the setting of hemodynamic instability, and imaging practices for patients undergoing non-operative management. We performed a systematic review, meta-analysis, and developed evidence-based recommendations to answer these questions in both blunt and penetrating renal trauma. Methods The working group formulated four population, intervention, comparator, outcome (PICO) questions regarding the following topics: (1) angioembolization (AE) usage in hemodynamically stable patients with evidence of ongoing bleeding; (2) surgical approach to stable zone II hematomas (exploration vs. no exploration) in hemodynamically unstable patients and (3) surgical technique (nephrectomy vs. kidney preservation) for expanding zone II hematomas in hemodynamically unstable patients; (4) frequency of repeat imaging (routine or symptom based) in high-grade traumatic renal injuries. A systematic review and meta-analysis of currently available evidence was performed. RevMan 5 (Cochran Collaboration) and GRADEpro (Grade Working Group) software were used. Recommendations were voted on by working group members and concurrence was obtained for each final recommendation. Results A total of 20 articles were identified and analyzed. Two prospective studies were encountered; the majority were retrospective, single-institution studies. Not all outcomes projected by PICO questions were reported in all studies. Meta-analysis was performed for all PICO questions except PICO 3 secondary to the discrepant patient populations included in those studies. PICO 1 had the greatest number of articles included in the meta-analysis with nine studies; yet, due to differences in study design, no critical outcomes emerged; similar differences among a smaller set of articles prevented observation of critical outcomes for PICO 4. Analyses of PICOs 2 and 3 favored a non-invasive or minimally invasive approach in-line with current international practice trends. Conclusion In hemodynamically stable adult patients with clinical or radiographic evidence of ongoing bleeding, no recommendation could be made regarding the role of AE vs. observation. In hemodynamically unstable adult patients, we conditionally recommend no renal exploration vs. renal exploration in stable zone II hematomas. In hemodynamically unstable adult patients, we conditionally recommend kidney preserving techniques vs. nephrectomy in expanding zone II hematomas. No recommendation could be made for the optimal timing of repeat imaging in high grade renal injury. Level of evidence : Guideline; systematic review, level III.
Background To evaluate if the increase in chloride intake during a continuous infusion of 20% hypertonic saline solution (HSS) is associated with an increase in the incidence of acute kidney injury (AKI) compared to standard of care in traumatic brain injury patients. Methods In this post hoc analysis of the COBI trial, 370 patients admitted for a moderate-to-severe TBI in the 9 participating ICUs were enrolled. The intervention consisted in a continuous infusion of HSS to maintain a blood sodium level between 150 and 155 mmol/L for at least 48 h. Patients enrolled in the control arm were treated as recommended by the latest Brain Trauma foundation guidelines. The primary outcome of this study was the occurrence of AKI within 28 days after enrollment. AKI was defined by stages 2 or 3 according to KDIGO criteria. Results After exclusion of missing data, 322 patients were included in this post hoc analysis. The patients randomized in the intervention arm received a significantly higher amount of chloride during the first 4 days (intervention group: 97.3 ± 31.6 g vs. control group: 61.3 ± 38.1 g; p  < 0.001) and had higher blood chloride levels at day 4 (117.9 ± 10.7 mmol/L vs. 111.6 ± 9 mmol/L, respectively, p  < 0.001). The incidence of AKI was not statistically different between the intervention and the control group (24.5% vs. 28.9%, respectively; p  = 0.45). Conclusions Despite a significant increase in chloride intake, a continuous infusion of HSS was not associated with AKI in moderate-to-severe TBI patients. Our study does not confirm the potentially detrimental effect of chloride load on kidney function in ICU patients. Trial registration : The COBI trial was registered on clinicaltrial.gov (Trial registration number: NCT03143751, date of registration: 8 May 2017).
Objective To evaluate the clinical efficacy of unilateral wiltse transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion (TLIF) combined with unilateral nail bar system fixation for single-level lumbar degenerative diseases with the assistance of a new automatic retraction device in a retrospective comparative study. Methods A total of 46 patients with single-level lumbar degenerative diseases from September 2019 to December 2021 were retrospectively analyzed. Bilateral nail bar fixation with bullet-type fusion cage (ctrl group, 24 patients) and unilateral nail bar fixation on the affected side with kidney-like fusion cage (study group, 22 patients) were performed in TLIF via wiltse intermuscular approach assisted by a new automatic retraction device. The differences in intraoperative blood loss, operative time, intraoperative fluoroscopy time, postoperative drainage, bed rest, VAS score, ODI score, JOA score, serological creatine kinase (CK), the proportion of multifidus atrophy, modified Pfirrmann classification and intervertebral space height of the upper intervertebral disc were compared between the two groups based on clinical and imaging data. Results Intraoperative bleeding, operative time, and postoperative drainage were significantly lower in study group than ctrl group, and there were no significant differences in bed rest time and intraoperative fluoroscopy time between them. In addition, there was no statistical difference in CK between the study group and the ctrl group at 24 and 48 h postoperatively. Moreover, no statistically significant difference was found in VAS score of low back pain, VAS score of lower limb pain, ODI index, modified Pfirrmann classification of the upper intervertebral disc and intervertebral space height of the upper intervertebral disc between two groups. The atrophy ratio of multifidus muscle was significantly lower in the study group. Conclusion The new automatic retraction device assisted unilateral TLIF surgery with wiltse approach combined with unilateral nail bar fixation is a simple, effective and easy to master surgical method for single-level lumbar degenerative diseases.
Background Hepcidin is considered to play a central role in the pathophysiology of renal anemia. Recent studies in healthy individuals have demonstrated a suppressive effect of vitamin D (VD) on the expression of hepcidin. In this post-hoc analysis based on a randomized controlled study, we evaluated the effect of supplementing chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients (stage G3-G4) with a high daily dose of native VD on serum levels of hepcidin-25, the hepcidin/ferritin ratio, as well as on markers of erythropoiesis. Methods Patients with CKD stage G3-G4 included in a double blind, randomized, placebo (PBO) controlled study with available hepcidin measurements were analyzed. Study subjects received either 8000 international units (IU) of cholecalciferol daily or PBO for 12 weeks. We evaluated the change in markers of hepcidin expression, erythropoiesis, and iron status from baseline to week 12 and compared the change between the groups. Results Eighty five patients completed the study. Calcitriol, but not 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D), was inversely correlated with serum levels of hepcidin-25 (rho = -0,38; p  =  < 0, 01 and rho = -0,02; p  = 0, 89, respectively) at baseline. Supplementation with VD significantly raised the serum concentration of serum 25(OH)D in the treatment group (from 54 (39–71) to 156 (120–190) nmol/L; p  =  < 0, 01)) but had no effect on any of the markers of hepcidin, erythropoiesis, or iron status in the entire cohort. However, we did observe an increase in hemoglobin (HB) levels and transferrin saturation (TSAT) as compared to the PBO group in a subgroup of patients with low baseline 25(OH)D levels (< 56 nmol/L). In contrast, in patients with high baseline 25(OH)D values (≥ 56 nmol/L), VD supplementation associated with a decrease in HB levels and TSAT ( p  = 0,056) within the VD group in addition to a decrease in hepcidin levels as compared to the PBO group. Conclusion High-dose VD supplementation had no discernible effect on markers of hepcidin or erythropoiesis in the entire study cohort. However, in patients with low baseline 25(OH)D levels, high-dose VD supplementation associated with beneficial effects on erythropoiesis and iron availability. In contrast, in patients with elevated baseline 25(OH)D levels, high-dose VD supplementation resulted in a decrease in hepcidin levels, most likely due to a deterioration in iron status.
Co-contamination of arsenic (As) and fluoride (F) is widely distributed in groundwater, which are known risk factors for the nephrotoxicity. Emerging evidence has linked environmentally associated nephrotoxicity with the disturbance of gut microbiota and blood metabolites. In this study, we generated gut microbiota and blood metabolomic profile and identified multiple serum metabolites and gut bacteria species, which were associated with kidney injury on rat model exposed to As and F alone or combined. Combined As and F exposure significantly increased creatinine level. Abnormal autophagosomes and lysosome were observed, and the autophagic genes were enhanced in kidney tissue after single and combined As and F exposure. The metabolome data showed that single and combined As and F exposure remarkably altered the serum metabolites associated with the proximal tubule reabsorption function pathway, with glutamine and alpha-ketoglutarate level decreased in all exposed group. Furthermore, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE), the key contributor of autophagosomes, was decreased significantly in As and F + As exposed groups during the screen of autophagy-animal pathway. Multiple altered gut bacterial microbiota at phylum and species levels post As and F exposure were associated with targeted kidney injury, including p_Bacteroidetes , s_Chromohalobacter_unclassified , s_Halomonas_unclassified , s_Ignatzschineria_unclassified , s_Bacillus_subtilis , and s_Brevundimonas_sp._NA6 . Meanwhile, our analysis indicated that As and F co-exposure possessed an interactive influence on gut microbiota. In conclusion, single or combined As and F exposure leads to the disruption of serum metabolic and gut microbiota profiles. Multiple metabolites and bacterial species are identified and associated with nephrotoxicity, which have potential to be developed as biomarkers of As and / or F-induced kidney damage.
Background Long-term exposure to air pollution has been associated with the onset and progression of kidney diseases, but the association between short-term exposure to air pollution and mortality of kidney diseases has not yet been reported. Methods A nationally representative sample of 101,919 deaths from kidney diseases was collected from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention from 2015 to 2019. A time-stratified case-crossover study was applied to determine the associations. Satellite-based estimates of air pollution were assigned to each case and control day using a bilinear interpolation approach and geo-coded residential addresses. Conditional logistic regression models were constructed to estimate the associations adjusting for nonlinear splines of temperature and relative humidity. Results Each 10 µg/m^3 increment in lag 0–1 mean concentrations of air pollutants was associated with a percent increase in death from kidney disease: 1.33% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.57% to 2.1%) for PM_1, 0.49% (95% CI: 0.10% to 0.88%) for PM_2.5, 0.32% (95% CI: 0.08% to 0.57%) for PM_10, 1.26% (95% CI: 0.29% to 2.24%) for NO_2, and 2.9% (95% CI: 1.68% to 4.15%) for SO_2.  Conclusions Our study suggests that short-term exposure to ambient PM_1, PM_2.5, PM_10, NO_2, and SO_2 might be important environmental risk factors for death due to kidney diseases in China.
Introduction Immunosuppressive therapy is associated with an increased risk of severe courses of SARS-CoV-2 infection, with frequently delayed viral clearance. We report a case of an acute kidney transplant failure in persistent SARS-CoV-2 infection in a patient with absolute B-cell depletion after administration of rituximab for AB0-incompatible living donor kidney transplantation. Case presentation A 34-year-old unvaccinated patient is diagnosed with SARS-CoV-2 infection four months after kidney transplantation. With only mild symptoms and an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of 44 ml/min/1.73 m^2, therapy with molnupiravir was initially given. Within the next eight weeks, transplant biopsies were performed for acute graft failure. These showed acute T-cell rejection with severe acute tubular epithelial damage with only mild interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy (BANFF cat. 4 IB), and borderline rejection (BANFF cat. 3). A therapy with prednisolone and intravenous immunoglobulins was performed twice. With unchanged graft failure, the third biopsy also formally showed BANFF cat. 4 IB. However, fluorescence in situ hybridization detected SARS-CoV-2 viruses in large portions of the distal tubules. After nine weeks of persistent COVID-19 disease neither anti-SARS-CoV-2 IgG nor a SARS-CoV-2-specific cellular immune response could be detected, leading to the administration of sotrovimab and remdesivir. Among them, SARS-CoV-2 clearance, detection of IgG, and improvement of graft function were achieved. Conclusion Lack of viral clearance can lead to complications of SARS-CoV-2 infection with atypical manifestations. In kidney transplant patients, before initiating therapy, the differential diagnoses of “rejection” and “virus infection” should be weighed against each other in an interdisciplinary team of nephrologists, infectious diseases specialists and pathologists.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common and serious complication of cardiac surgery and is associated with increased mortality and morbidity, accompanied by a substantial economic burden. The pathogenesis of cardiac surgery-associated acute kidney injury (CSA-AKI) is multifactorial and complex, with a variety of pathophysiological theories. In addition to the existing diagnostic criteria, the exploration and validation of biomarkers is the focus of research in the field of CSA-AKI diagnosis. Prevention remains the key to the management of CSA-AKI, and common strategies include maintenance of renal perfusion, individualized blood pressure targets, balanced fluid management, goal-directed oxygen delivery, and avoidance of nephrotoxins. This article reviews the pathogenesis, definition and diagnosis, and pharmacological and nonpharmacological prevention strategies of AKI in cardiac surgical patients.
Background Diagnosing genetic kidney disease has become more accessible with low-cost, rapid genetic testing. The study objectives were to determine genetic testing diagnostic yield and examine predictors of genetic diagnosis in children with nephrolithiasis/nephrocalcinosis (NL/NC). Methods This retrospective multicenter cross-sectional study was conducted on children ≤ 21 years old with NL/NC from pediatric nephrology/urology centers that underwent the Invitae Nephrolithiasis Panel 1/1/2019–9/30/2021. The diagnostic yield of the genetic panel was calculated. Bivariate and multiple logistic regression were performed to assess for predictors of positive genetic testing. Results One hundred and thirteen children (83 NL, 30 NC) from 7 centers were included. Genetic testing was positive in 32% overall (29% NL, 40% NC) with definite diagnoses (had pathogenic variants alone) made in 11.5%, probable diagnoses (carried a combination of pathogenic variants and variants of uncertain significance (VUS) in the same gene) made in 5.4%, and possible diagnoses (had VUS alone) made in 15.0%. Variants were found in 28 genes (most commonly HOGA1 in NL, SLC34A3 in NC) and 20 different conditions were identified. Compared to NL, those with NC were younger and had a higher proportion with developmental delay, hypercalcemia, low serum bicarbonate, hypophosphatemia, and chronic kidney disease. In multivariate analysis, low serum bicarbonate was associated with increased odds of genetic diagnosis ( β 2.2, OR 8.7, 95% CI 1.4–54.7, p  = 0.02). Conclusions Genetic testing was high-yield with definite, probable, or possible explanatory variants found in up to one-third of children with NL/NC and shows promise to improve clinical practice. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
This is a clinical image submission depicting hemithorax white-out due to massive pleural effusion.
Our objective was to evaluate the feasibility of a multi-section continuum robotic ureteroscope to address the difficulties with access into certain renal calyces during flexible ureteroscopy. First, the robotic ureteroscope developed in previous research, which utilizes three actuated bendable sections controlled by wires, was modified for use in this project. Second, using phantom models created from five randomly selected computer tomography urograms, the flexible ureteroscope and robotic ureteroscope were evaluated, focusing on several factors: time taken to access each renal calyx, time taken to aim at three targets on each renal calyx, the force generated in the renal pelvic wall associated with ureteroscope manipulation, and the distance and standard deviation between the ureteroscope and the target. As a result, the robotic ureteroscope utilized significantly less force during lower pole calyx access (flexible ureteroscope vs. robotic ureteroscope; 2.0 vs. 0.98 N, p  = 0.03). When aiming at targets, the standard deviation of proper target access was smaller for each renal calyx (upper pole: 0.49 vs. 0.11 mm, middle: 0.84 vs. 0.12 mm, lower pole: 3.4 vs. 0.19 mm) in the robotic ureteroscope group, and the distance between the center point of the ureteroscope image and the target was significantly smaller in the robotic ureteroscope group (upper: 0.49 vs. 0.19 mm, p  < 0.001, middle: 0.77 vs. 0.17 mm, p  < 0.001, lower: 0.77 vs. 0.22 mm, p  < 0.001). In conclusion, our robotic ureteroscope demonstrated improved maneuverability and facilitated accuracy and precision while reducing the force on the renal pelvic wall during access into each renal calyx.
Background Dasatinib, which is used to treat treating chronic myeloid leukemia, induces increases in blood lymphocytes during the treatment. In addition, neutrophil–lymphocyte count ratio (NLR) is associated with the related to development of chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, it has not been reported whether development of CKD during long-term dasatinib treatment is related to lymphocyte count or NLR. This study aimed to reveal the relationship between CKD and lymphocyte count or NLR during long-term dasatinib treatment. Methods A retrospective study was conducted in patients treated with dasatinib for 6 months or longer. Risk factors for CKD development were explored using multivariate analysis. Changes in maximal lymphocyte count and NLR over time were examined separately. Results A total of 33 patients in CKD group ( n  = 8) and No CKD group ( n  = 25) who received dasatinib were enrolled. In univariate analysis, significant differences between the groups were observed in maximal lymphocyte count, lymphocytosis, age, and estimated glomerular filtration rate at baseline. As the factor independently associated with the development of CKD, maximal lymphocyte count (odds ratio 0.999, 95% confidence interval: 0.999–1.000, p  = 0.033) was identified. In this analysis, age had borderline significance (odds ratio 1.073, 95% CI: 0.999–1.153, p  = 0.054)]. After 6 months of dasatinib therapy, lymphocyte count was significantly lower in CKD group [median (range), 2184 (878‒3444)/μL] than in the No CKD group [3501 (966‒7888)/μL] ( p  = 0.020). However, no significant difference in lymphocyte count was observed between the groups at the last follow-up. During the study period, the median NLR in the No CKD group fluctuated between 1.11 and 1.42, and median NLR in CKD group was increased from 1.13 to 2.24 between after 6 months of dasatinib therapy and the last follow-up. Conclusions The development of CKD during dasatinib therapy was associated with lower maximal lymphocyte counts. In contrast, the higher levels of lymphocytes induced during dasatinib treatment may prevent CKD progression.
Background Silent lupus nephritis (SLN) is systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) without clinical and laboratory features of kidney involvement but with biopsy-proven nephritis. This study aims to describe and compare the baseline characteristics and outcomes of pediatric SLN with overt LN (OLN) and to identify associated risk factors and biochemical markers. Methods In this retrospective, observational study, multivariate logistic regression and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analyses studied age, sex, race, serum complements, anti-double-stranded-DNA antibody, anti-Smith antibody, eGFR, and proliferative nephritis. Results In our cohort of 69 patients, 47 were OLN, and 22 were SLN. OLN ( OR  = 4.9, p  = 0.03) and non-African Americans (AA) ( OR  = 13.0, p  < 0.01) had higher odds, and increasing C3 and C4 were associated with lower odds of proliferative nephritis ( OR 0.95 and 0.65 per one unit increase in C3 and C4, respectively, p  < 0.01). They demonstrated a good discriminative ability to detect proliferative nephritis as assessed by the area under the ROC curve (C3 = 0.78, C4 = 0.78). C3 and C4 in proliferative SLN and OLN were comparable and significantly lower than their non-proliferative counterparts. No association was observed between age, sex, anti-double-stranded-DNA antibody, anti-Smith antibody, eGFR, and proliferative nephritis. Proliferative SLN and OLN patients received similar treatments. Adverse events were identified in the proliferative OLN only. Conclusions Lower complement levels are associated with proliferative lesions in pediatric LN—both SLN and OLN. The non-AA population had higher odds of having proliferative nephritis than the AA. Prospective, randomized, long-term follow-up of proliferative SLN patients is needed to ascertain the beneficial effect of early diagnosis and treatment. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Pediatric urinary stone disease (USD) is a costly medical problem. This study aims to assess the clinical characteristics and outcomes of common and rare causes of pediatric USD. Methods A retrospective descriptive cohort study included all children < 13 years of age with confirmed USD admitted to the Children’s University Hospital in Damascus, Syria, from January 2013 to December 2019. The study sample was divided into two groups based on etiologies: common and rare causes groups. Results We evaluated 235 patients; 147 of them were males, and the male-to-female ratio was 1.7:1. The common causes group consisted of 203 patients (mean age 3.52 ± 3.66 years) and mainly included metabolic disorders (45.5%) and anatomical abnormalities (22.3%), while the rare causes group included 32 cases (mean age 4.93 ± 4.08 years), 12 patients with uric acid stones (37.5%), 7 patients with cystinuria (21.9%), and primary hyperoxaluria in 5 patients (15.6%). In addition, 39.6% of study patients were born to consanguineous marriages. Sixty-two patients developed AKI, and eleven patients had chronic kidney disease (CKD). Patients with rare causes were more likely to have AKI, CKD, bilateral stones, and recurrent stones ( P -value < 0.05). Stone analysis was performed on 83 patients, and the main stone types were calcium oxalate (34.9%), uric acid (14.4%), and struvite stones (12%). Surgery was the most performed treatment in 101 patients (56.7%). Conclusion Patients with rare causes of pediatric USD are at a higher risk for severe complications and require early diagnosis and management. The high rate of uric acid stones in our society requires further evaluation for possible underlying causes. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Introduction A non-functional kidney (NFK) has been defined as one having paper-thin parenchyma, and split renal function (SRF) of < 10% on a nuclear scan. There are differences of opinion about nephrectomy or pyeloplasty in these patients. The present study was conducted to assess our management strategy of renal salvage for NFK. Materials and methods It was a retrospective cohort study from January 2015 to July 2022, patients having SRF < 10% were included. These patients underwent ultrasound-guided percutaneous nephrostomy (PCN). A repeat nuclear scan was performed after 3 months. If SRF increased to > 10%, pyeloplasty was performed. Results Fifteen patients were managed. The mean age was 24.67 ± 23.61 months. Male to female ratio was 4:1. The initial mean SRF was 6.67 ± 2.85, which improved to 16.80 ± 4.69 after 3 months of placing the PCN ( p  < 0.001). The corresponding changes in the mean effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) were 60.13 ± 24.08 to 106.53 ± 24.61 ( p  < 0.001). There was no complaint after the placement of PCN. All patients underwent dismembered pyeloplasty. Conclusion In NFK due to PUJO, expectant treatment in form of PCN followed by pyeloplasty appears to be the primary treatment modality, and nephrectomy may not be needed in any of them.
Background An increasing number of studies are evaluating the safety of intravenous sedation compared with that of general anesthesia; however, data on bleeding complications after pediatric percutaneous renal biopsy performed under intravenous sedation or general anesthesia are lacking. We aimed to examine differences in bleeding complications between intravenous sedation and general anesthesia in pediatric patients. Methods Data of pediatric patients aged ≤ 15 years undergoing percutaneous kidney biopsy for kidney disease between July 2007 and March 2019 were retrieved from a national inpatient database in Japan. We examined differences in bleeding complications after renal biopsy performed under intravenous sedation, defined by the absence of the record of general anesthesia with intubation but by the presence of intravenous sedation during biopsy, and general anesthesia, defined by the presence of the record of general anesthesia with intubation during biopsy, among pediatric patients admitted for percutaneous renal biopsy. We performed binomial regression using overlap weights based on propensity scores for patients receiving intravenous sedation. Analyses stratified by age or sex, a sensitivity analysis using generalized estimating equations considering cluster effects by hospital among a propensity score-matched cohort, and another sensitivity analysis using the instrumental variable method were performed to confirm the robustness of the results. Results We identified 6,560 biopsies performed in 5,999 children aged 1–15 years from 328 hospitals and 178 events. Only three severe complications and no death were observed. No significant difference in the proportion of bleeding complications was observed between procedures performed under intravenous sedation and those performed under general anesthesia (unadjusted proportions, 2.8% and 2.3%; adjusted proportions, 2.5% and 2.2%), with an unadjusted relative risk of 1.21 (95% confidence interval, 0.80–1.81) and adjusted relative risk of 1.13 (95% confidence interval, 0.74–1.73). Both age- and sex-stratified analyses yielded similar results. The analysis using generalized estimating equation and the instrumental variable method showed relative risks of 0.95 (95% confidence interval, 0.48–1.88) and 1.18 (95% confidence interval, 0.74–1.89), respectively. Conclusion This retrospective cohort study using a national database revealed that the risk of biopsy-related bleeding was comparable between intravenous sedation and general anesthesia during pediatric percutaneous kidney biopsy, suggesting that intravenous sedation alone and general anesthesia may have a similar bleeding risk in pediatric percutaneous kidney biopsies.
People with kidney failure receiving hemodialysis are faced with complex symptoms that impact their day-to-day functioning and quality of life. Patient-reported outcome measures (PROMs) are tools used by patients to directly communicate symptoms to their care team and guide symptom-focused care. Little is known about how PROMs could be integrated into the team-based care models of outpatient hemodialysis centres. In this study, we conducted interviews with people receiving hemodialysis and their clinicians about their perspectives on how PROMs could support interdisciplinary symptom management (i.e., integration of expertise to achieve common management goals). Participants described how the interrelatedness of symptoms was well suited to an integrated care approach and how PROMs enhanced communication and access to information across team members. In cases where symptoms persisted despite appropriate treatment, patients and clinicians explained how PROMs served as a tool to set realistic goals and reshape illness perception. Findings from this study suggest that access to resources, role flexibility, and established relationships within hemodialysis centres are important for sustaining PROM use in this setting. Background Patient-reported outcome measures (PROMs) are standardized instruments used for assessing patients’ perspectives on their health status at a point in time, including their health-related quality of life, symptoms, functionality, and physical, mental, and social wellbeing. For people with kidney failure receiving hemodialysis, addressing high symptom burden and complexity relies on care team members integrating their expertise to achieve common management goals. In the context of a program-wide initiative integrating PROMs into routine hemodialysis care, we aimed to explore patients’ and clinicians’ perspectives on the role of PROMs in supporting interdisciplinary symptom management. Methods We employed a qualitative descriptive approach using semi-structured interviews and observations. Eligible participants included adult patients receiving intermittent, outpatient hemodialysis for > 3 months, their informal caregivers, and hemodialysis clinicians (i.e., nurses, nephrologists, and allied health professionals) in Southern Alberta, Canada. Guided by thematic analysis, team members coded transcripts in duplicate and developed themes iteratively through review, refinement, and discussion. Results Thirty-three clinicians (22 nurses, 6 nephrologists, 5 allied health professionals), 20 patients, and one caregiver participated in this study. Clinicians described using PROMs to coordinate care across provider types using the resources available in their units, whereas patients tended to focus on the perceived impact of this concerted care on symptom trajectory and care experience. We identified 3 overarching themes with subthemes related to the role of PROMs in interdisciplinary symptom management in this setting: (1) Integrating care for interrelated symptoms ( “You need a team” , conducive setting, role clarity and collaboration ); (2) Streamlining information sharing and access ( symptom data repository , common language for coordinated care ); (3) Reshaping expectations ( expectations for follow-up , managing symptom persistence ). Conclusions We found that use of PROMs in routine hemodialysis care highlighted symptom interrelatedness and complexity and helped to streamline involvement of the interdisciplinary care team. Issues such as role flexibility and resource constraints may influence sustainability of routine PROM use in the outpatient hemodialysis setting.
Background The UK’s living-donor kidney transplant (LDKT) activity falls behind that of many other countries internationally, with less than 20% of those eligible receiving a LDKT each year. Certain individuals with kidney disease in the UK appear to be particularly disadvantaged in accessing a LDKT; the most socioeconomically deprived people with kidney disease are 60% less likely to receive a LDKT than the least deprived. Improving equity in living-donor kidney transplantation has been highlighted as an international research priority. Methods This feasibility trial was designed to determine the feasibility of delivery and acceptability of a multicomponent intervention designed to improve access to living-donor kidney transplantation. The intervention comprises three main components: (i) a meeting between a home educator and the transplant candidate for a dedicated discussion about living-donor kidney transplantation, living kidney donation and potential donors; (ii) a standardized letter from a healthcare professional to a candidate’s potential donors and (iii) a home-based education and family engagement session including two home educators, the transplant candidate and their family. The primary objectives are to establish the feasibility (i) of delivering the developed intervention in existing care pathways and (ii) of undertaking a randomised controlled trial of the intervention. A mixed-methods parallel process evaluation will investigate the acceptability, implementation and mechanisms of impact of the intervention. The trial is based at two UK hospitals: a transplanting hospital and a non-transplanting referral hospital. Individuals are eligible if they are ≥ 18 years old, are active on the kidney transplant waiting list or have been referred for transplant listing and do not have a potential living-donor undergoing surgical assessment. Randomisation will be undertaken with concealed allocation. Participants will be randomly allocated 1:1 to (i) the intervention or (ii) usual care, stratified by site to ensure a balance in terms of local differences. Minimisation will be used to ensure balance in sex, age group and socioeconomic strata, with probability weighting of 0.8 in order to reduce predictability. The primary outcomes are recruitment (% of those eligible and invited who consent to randomisation) and retention (% of participants completing follow-up). Discussion Findings will inform the design of a future fully powered, randomised controlled trial to formally evaluate the effectiveness of the intervention at improving equitable access to living-donor kidney transplantation. Trial registration ISRCTN Registry ISRCTN10989132 Applied 30/10/20.
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a global challenge. CKD prevalence estimation is central to management strategies and prevention. It is necessary to predict end stage kidney disease (ESKD) and, subsequently, the burden for healthcare systems. In this study we characterize CKD stage 3–5 prevalence and incidence in a cohort covering the majority of the Region of Southern Denmark and investigate individuals’ demographic, socioeconomic, and comorbidity status. Methods We used data from the Kidney Disease Cohort (KidDiCo) combining laboratory data from Southern Denmark with Danish national databases. Chronic kidney disease was defined according to the Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) guidelines. Results The prevalence varied between 4.83 and 4.98% and incidence rate of CKD was 0.49%/year. The median age was 76.4 years. The proportion of individuals with CKD stage 3–5 in the entire population increased consistently with age. The percentage of women in the CKD 3–5 group was higher than in the background population. Diabetes mellitus, hypertension and cardiovascular disease were more prominent in patients with CKD. CKD stage 5 and ESKD were more frequent as incident CKD stages in the 18–49 year olds when compared to older individuals. CKD patients tended to have a lower socioeconomic status. Conclusion Chronic kidney disease stage 3–5 is common, especially in the elderly. Patients with CKD stage 3–5 are predominantly female. The KidDiCo data suggests an association between lower socioeconomic status and prevalence of CKD.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) caused by anti-tumor drugs, such as cisplatin, is a severe complication with no effective treatment currently, leading to the reduction or discontinuation of chemotherapy. Natural products or herbal medicines are gradually considered as promising agents against cisplatin-induced AKI with the advantages of multi-targeting, multi-effects, and less resistance. In this study, we investigated the effects of kaempferide, a natural flavonoid extracted from the rhizome of Kaempferia galanga , in experimental AKI models in vitro and in vivo. We first conducted pharmacokinetic study in mice and found a relative stable state of kaempferide with a small amount of conversion into kaempferol. We showed that both kaempferide (10 μM) and kaempferol (10 μM) significantly inhibited cisplatin-caused injuries in immortalized proximal tubule epithelial cell line HK-2. In AKI mice induced by injection of a single dose of cisplatin (15 mg/kg), oral administration of kaempferide (50 mg/kg) either before or after cisplatin injection markedly improved renal function, and ameliorated renal tissue damage. We demonstrated that kaempferide inhibited oxidative stress and induced autophagy in cisplatin-treated mice and HK-2 cells, thus increasing tubular cell viability and decreasing immune responses to attenuate the disease progression. In addition, treatment with kaempferide significantly ameliorated ischemia-reperfusion-induced renal injury in vitro and in vivo. We conclude that kaempferide is a promising natural product for treating various AKI. This study has great implications for promotion of its use in healthcare products, and help to break through the limited use of cisplatin in the clinic.
Background Cardiorespiratory fitness seems to play an important role in the general health of patients undergoing hemodialysis (HD). However, the prediction of peak oxygen uptake (V̇O_2peak) in a clinical setting is not widely adopted for these patients. Objectives Evaluate the agreement and reliability between directly and indirectly V̇O_2peak measurements in patients undergoing HD. Methods This is a cross-sectional study with patients undergoing HD that performed a cardiopulmonary exercise test (CPET) with 5/10 watts incremental load in each minute using a cycle ergometry to directly evaluate the V̇O_2peak, and the 6-min walk test (6MWT) in a 30-m corridor to indirect measures it. Both tests were performed on a midweek non-dialysis day. Bland–Altman analysis of agreement limits was used with direct and indirect V̇O_2peak values. Intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) and Cronbach’s Alpha was used to evaluate the reproducibility and reliability between direct and indirect V̇O_2peak values. Results Twenty-six patients (54.4 ± 14.5 years, 53.8% of male) were evaluated. The V̇O_2peak direct mean obtained through CPET was 15.91 ± 5.26 (ml/kg/min), while the indirect mean obtained through 6MWT was V̇O_2peak of 14.89 ± 4.21 (ml/kg/min). There was a strong positive correlation between both V̇O_2peak values ( r  = 0.734; p  < 0.001). The Bland–Altman analysis demonstrated that the methods agreed with each other ( p  = 0.103). Also, the ICC (0.829) and Cronbach's Alpha (0.846) showed excellent reproducibility and reliability. Conclusions 6MWT is a reliable tool for estimating V̇O_2peak in patients undergoing HD.
Older persons with chronic kidney disease (CKD) undergoing hemodialysis represent a growing portion of patients characterized by high vulnerability but still marginally studied. This study aimed at exploring the relationship between the number of prescriptions and fractures in older patients with CKD undergoing hemodialysis. A 24-item Frailty Index (FI) based on sociodemographic, clinical and biological data was computed. Unadjusted and adjusted logistic regression models were performed to test the association of prescribed medications with history of fractures. A total of 107 older patients undergoing hemodialysis (38 [35.5%] women, mean age 79.1 standard deviation, SD=7.7) were included in the study. Mean number of prescribed medications was 9.9 (SD=3.9) and was significantly associated with fractures (OR 1.18, 95% CI 1.06–1.32, p=0.003), even after adjustment for potential confounders (OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.03–1.30, p=0.016). If these results will be confirmed, interventions based on deprescribing will become essential in older persons undergoing hemodialysis.
Background Schimke immunoosseous dysplasia (SIOD) is an ultra-rare inherited disease affecting many organ systems. Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia, T-cell immunodeficiency and steroid resistant nephrotic syndrome are the main symptoms of this disease. Case presentation We aimed to characterize the clinical, pathological and genetic features of SIOD patients received at tertiary Pediatric Nephrology Center, University Hospital Motol, Prague, Czech Republic during the period 2001–2021. The mean age at diagnosis was 21 months (range 18–48 months). All patients presented with growth failure, nephropathy and immunodeficiency. Infections and neurologic complications were present in most of the affected children during the course of the disease. Conclusions Although SIOD is a disease characterized by specific features, the individual phenotype may differ. Neurologic signs can severely affect the quality of life; the view on the management of SIOD is not uniform. Currently, new therapeutic methods are required.
Background T cell-mediated rejection is an important factor affecting early transplant kidney survival. Ferroptosis has been shown to play a pathogenic role in a variety of diseases, which was not reported in TCMR. Here we developed a model for assessing activation of ferroptosis-related genes in TCMR to find a better screening method and explore the contribution of ferroptosis in TCMR. Methods We performed unsupervised consensus clustering according to expression of ferroptosis-related genes based on RNA-seq data from kidney transplant biopsies, and developed an assessment model characterized by ferroptosis gene expression through PCA, which was evaluated in multiple external datasets as well as blood and urine samples. Pathway enrichment and immune cell infiltration analysis were used to explore the possible targets and pathways involved in ferroptosis and TCMR. Results A ferroptosis gene expression scoring model was established. The diagnostic specificity and sensitivity of TCMR in renal biopsy samples were both over 80%, AUC = 0.843, and AUC was around 0.8 in multi-dataset validation, and was also close to 0.7 in blood and urine samples, while in predicting of graft survival at 3 years, scoring model had a good prognostic effect as well. Pathway enrichment and PPI network speculated that TLR4, CD44, IFNG, etc. may be the key genes of ferroptosis in TCMR. Conclusions Ferroptosis scoring model could better diagnose TCMR and predict graft loss, and could be used as a potential screening method in blood and urine samples. We speculate that ferroptosis plays an important role in TCMR.
Background Ischemia–reperfusion injury (IRI) is an inevitable process in renal transplantation that significantly increases the risk of delayed graft function, acute rejection, and even graft loss. Formyl peptide receptor 2 (FPR2) is an important receptor in multiple septic and aseptic injuries, but its functions in kidney IRI are still unclear. This study was designed to reveal the pathological role of FPR2 in kidney IRI and its functional mechanisms. Methods To explore the mechanism of FPR2 in kidney IRI, the model rats were sacrificed after IRI surgery. Immunofluorescence, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays, and western blotting were used to detect differences in the expression of FPR2 and its ligands between the IRI and control groups. WRW_4 (WRWWWW-NH2), a specific antagonist of FPR2, was administered to kidney IRI rats. Kidney function and pathological damage were detected to assess kidney injury and recovery. Flow cytometry was used to quantitatively compare neutrophil infiltration among the experimental groups. Mitochondrial formyl peptides (mtFPs) were synthesized and administered to primary rat neutrophils together with the specific FPR family antagonist WRW_4 to verify our hypothesis in vitro. Western blotting and cell function assays were used to examine the functions and signaling pathways that FPR2 mediates in neutrophils. Results FPR2 was activated mainly by mtFPs during the acute phase of IRI, mediating neutrophil migration and reactive oxygen species production in the rat kidney through the ERK1/2 pathway. FPR2 blockade in the early phase protected rat kidneys from IRI. Conclusions mtFPs activated FPR2 during the acute phase of IRI and mediated rat kidney injury by activating the migration and reactive oxygen species generation of neutrophils through the ERK1/2 pathway.
Background Hyperkalemia (HK) is a barrier to optimization of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitor (RAASi) therapy in heart failure (HF) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). We investigated cardiorenal risk associated with changes in RAASi regimen after an episode of HK in patients with HF and/or CKD. Methods This observational study utilized data from hospital records, claims, and health registers from the US (Optum’s de-identified Market Clarity Data) and Japan (Medical Data Vision). Included patients had an index episode of HK between July 2019 and September 2021 (US), or May 2020 and September 2021 (Japan), with prior diagnosis of HF or CKD (stage 3 or 4), and RAASi use. Risk of a cardiorenal composite outcome (HF emergency visit, HF hospitalization, or progression to end-stage kidney disease) was determined in patients who discontinued RAASi, down-titrated their dose by > 25%, or maintained or up-titrated their dose following the HK episode. Results A total of 15,488 and 6020 patients were included from the US and Japan, respectively. Prior to the episode of HK, 59% (US) and 27% (Japan) of patients had achieved > 50% target RAASi dose. Following the episode of HK, 33% (US) and 32% (Japan) of patients did not fill a new RAASi prescription. Risk of the cardiorenal outcome at 6 months was higher in patients who discontinued or down-titrated versus maintained or up-titrated RAASi treatment both in the US (17.5, 18.3, and 10.6%; p  <  0.001) and in Japan (19.7, 20.0, and 15.1%; p  <  0.001). Conclusion HK-related RAASi discontinuation or down-titration was associated with higher risk of cardiorenal events versus maintained or up-titrated RAASi.
Objective Chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) in the intensive care unit (ICU) have higher in-hospital mortality and poorer prognosis than patients with either single condition. The objective of this study is to develop a novel model that can predict the in-hospital mortality of that kind of patient in the ICU using machine learning methods. Methods Data of CKD patients with CAD were extracted from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care IV (MIMIC-IV) database. Boruta algorithm was conducted for the feature selection process. Eight machine learning algorithms, such as logistic regression (LR), random forest (RF), Decision Tree, K-nearest neighbors (KNN), Gradient Boosting Decision Tree Machine (GBDT), Support Vector Machine (SVM), Neural Network (NN), and Extreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost), were conducted to construct the predictive model for in-hospital mortality and performance was evaluated by average precision (AP) and area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC). Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) algorithm was applied to explain the model visually. Moreover, data from the Telehealth Intensive Care Unit Collaborative Research Database (eICU-CRD) were acquired as an external validation set. Results 3590 and 1657 CKD patients with CAD were acquired from MIMIC-IV and eICU-CRD databases, respectively. A total of 78 variables were selected for the machine learning model development process. Comparatively, GBDT had the highest predictive performance according to the results of AUC (0.946) and AP (0.778). The SHAP method reveals the top 20 factors based on the importance ranking. In addition, GBDT had good predictive value and a certain degree of clinical value in the external validation according to the AUC (0.865), AP (0.672), decision curve analysis, and calibration curve. Conclusion Machine learning algorithms, especially GBDT, can be reliable tools for accurately predicting the in-hospital mortality risk for CKD patients with CAD in the ICU. This contributed to providing optimal resource allocation and reducing in-hospital mortality by tailoring precise management and implementation of early interventions.
Introduction Women of reproductive age with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are recognised to have decreased fertility and a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. How often CKD afflicts women of reproductive age is not well known. This study aimed to evaluate the burden of CKD and associated birth rates in an entire region. Methods This was a retrospective cohort study including women of childbearing age in Stockholm during 2006–2015. We estimated the prevalence of “probable CKD” by the presence of an ICD-10 diagnosis of CKD, a single estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2 or history of maintenance dialysis. By linkage with the Swedish Medical Birth Register we identified births during the subsequent three years from study inclusion and evaluated birth rates. Results We identified 817,730 women in our region, of whom 55% had at least one creatinine measurement. A total of 3938 women were identified as having probable CKD, providing an age-averaged CKD prevalence of 0.50%. Women with probable CKD showed a lower birth rate 3 years after the index date (35.7 children per 1000 person years) than the remaining women free from CKD (46.5 children per 1000 person years). Conclusion As many as 0.50% of individuals in this cohort had probable CKD, defined on the basis of at least one eGFR<60 ml/min1.73 m^2 test result, dialysis treatment (i.e. CKD stages 3–5) or an ICD-10 diagnosis of CKD. This prevalence is lower than previous estimates. Women with probable CKD, according to a study mainly capturing CKD 3–5, had a lower birth rate than those without CKD, illustrating the challenges of this population to successfully conceive. Graphical Abstract 
Recent insights in allorecognition and graft rejection mechanisms revealed a more complex picture than originally considered, involving multiple pathways of both adaptive and innate immune response, supplied by efficient inflammatory synergies. Current pillars of transplant monitoring are serum creatinine, proteinuria, and drug blood levels, which are considered as traditional markers, due to consolidated experience, low cost, and widespread availability. The most diffuse immunological biomarkers are donor-specific antibodies, which are included in routine post-transplant monitoring in many centers, although with some reproducibility issues and interpretation difficulties. Confirmed abnormalities in these traditional biomarkers raise the suspicion for rejection and guide the indication for graft biopsy, which is still considered the gold standard for rejection monitoring. Rapidly evolving new “omic” technologies have led to the identification of several novel biomarkers, which may change the landscape of transplant monitoring should their potential be confirmed. Among them, urinary chemokines and measurement of cell-free DNA of donor origin are perhaps the most promising. However, at the moment, these approaches remain highly expensive and cost-prohibitive in most settings, with limited clinical applicability; approachable costs upon technology investments would speed their integration. In addition, transcriptomics, metabolomics, proteomics, and the study of blood and urinary extracellular vesicles have the potential for early identification of subclinical rejection with high sensitivity and specificity, good reproducibility, and for gaining predictive value in an affordable cost setting. In the near future, information derived from these new biomarkers is expected to integrate traditional tools in routine use, allowing identification of rejection prior to clinical manifestations and timely therapeutic intervention. This review will discuss traditional, novel, and invasive and non-invasive biomarkers, underlining their strengths, limitations, and present or future applications in children.
Background Electronic alerts (e-alerts) for Acute Kidney Injury (AKI) have been implemented into a variety of different Electronic Health Records (EHR) systems worldwide in order to improve recognition and encourage early appropriate management of AKI. We were interested in the impact on patient safety, specialist referral and clinical management. Methods All patients admitted to our institution with AKI were included in the study. We studied AKI progression, dialysis dependency, length of hospital stay, emergency readmission, ICU readmission, and death, before and after the introduction of electronic alerts. The impact on prescription of high risk drugs, fluid administration, and referral to renal services was also analysed. Results After the introduction of the e-alert, progression to higher AKI stage, emergency readmission to hospital and death during admission were significantly reduced. More prescriptions were stopped for drugs that adversely affect renal function in AKI and there was a significant increase in the ICU admissions and in the number of patients having dialysis, especially in earlier stages. Longer term mortality, renal referrals, and fluid alteration did not change significantly after the AKI e-alert introduction. Conclusions AKI e-alerts can improve clinical outcomes in hospitalised patients.
This study sought to analyze the ablation rates of Holmium:YAG (Ho:YAG) and thulium fiber laser (TFL) under different settings combinations. Lasering was carried out by a computed spiral pattern through a stepper motor bearing a laser fiber. BegoStones were placed inside a water container and lasered therein and the ablation rate was calculated. Different combinations were tested for ~12 Watts (W) for Ho:YAG and TFL lasers. Further 25 W combination for TFL were conducted testing higher frequencies. One-hundred-one experiments were conducted. Under ~12 W, the highest ablation rate for Ho:YAG was obtained with 40 Hz/0.3 J, and Virtual Basket™ (VB) emission mode [114.35 (88.30 – 126.40) mg/min] whereas for TFL, using 40 Hz/0.3 J, and long pulse [143.40 (137.40 – 146) mg/min]. A matched-comparison for 12 Hz/1 J settings showed that TFL outperformed Ho:YAG using medium pulse [63.30 (55.30 – 81.30) vs 132.00 (115.70 – 228.60) mg/min, p=0.016] and long pulse [62.90 (51.60 – 78.90) vs 134.70 (110.60 – 149.30) mg/min, p=0.016]. In the 40 Hz/0.3 J settings, TFL outperformed Ho:YAG (p=0.034). Nonetheless, Ho:YAG with VB’s ablation rate increased [114.35 (88.30 – 126.40)], being comparable to that of TFL with medium pulse [127.5 (88.90 – 141.70)] (p=0.400). In TFL 25 W experiments, the ablation rate of 500 Hz / 0.05 J, was higher than those of 1000 Hz / 0.025 J (p=0.049). TFL ablation rate is higher than that of Ho:YAG. Moreover, the Virtual Basket™ emission mode, increased Ho:YAG ablation rates, resulting reaching similar to that of TFL in certain modalities.
Background Declined renal function is associated with physical function impairment and frailty in a graded fashion. This study aimed to examine the relationship between renal function, frailty and physical performance with mortality in older patients with diabetes, while also determining their combined effects on patient outcome. Methods A retrospective longitudinal study was conducted in elderly patients with diabetes. Kidney disease staging was based on clinical practice guidelines of the International Society of Nephrology, and chronic kiney disease (CKD) was defined as urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (UACR) > 30 mg/g, persistent reduction in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) below 60 mL/min per 1.73 m^2 or both. The modified Rockwood frailty index (RFI) was composed of cumulative health deficits, and physical function was determined by handgrip strength (HGS). Additionally, a timed up and go (TUG) test was assessed at baseline. Kaplan-Meier survival and Cox proportional hazard analyses were used to analyze the association between CKD, frailty, physical function and mortality. Results For the 921 enrolled patients, their mean age was 82.0 ± 6.7 years. After a median 2.92 (interquartile range [IQR] 1.06–4.43) year follow-up, the survival rate was 67.6% and 85.5% in patients with and without CKD, respectively. The mortality hazard ratio (crude HR) with CKD was 5.92 for those with an RFI higher than 0.313 (95% CI 3.44–10.18), 2.50 for a TUG time longer than 21 s (95% CI 1.22–5.13), and 2.67 for an HGS lower than 10.57 kg in females or 20.4 kg in males (95% CI 1.12–6.37). After multivariate adjustment, the mortality hazard ratio for an RFI ≥ 0.313 was 5.34 (95% CI 2.23–12.80) in CKD patients, but not in patients without CKD. In subgroup analysis, patients experiencing CKD and frailty, or physical function impairment, had the lowest survival proportion followed by only frailty/declined physical function, only CKD, without CKD, and non-frailty/non-physical impairment. Conclusion CKD, frailty and physical function impairment were all associated with an increased mortality risk in older patients with diabetes, while the combined effects of these 3 factors were seen on patient outcome.
Background An adverse intrauterine environment reflected by low birth weight (LBW) and prematurity may induce fetal programming that favors kidney dysfunction in adulthood. We examined the association of LBW and prematurity with blood pressure (BP) and kidney function markers in non-diabetic, middle-aged adults without kidney disease from the Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil). Methods A cross-sectional analysis of 768 subjects aged 35–54 years was conducted. Comparisons were performed according to self-reported birth weight: LBW (< 2.5 kg) or normal birth weight (2.5–4.0 kg). Associations of LBW and prematurity with BP levels and kidney function markers "(estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR], albumin-creatinine ratio [ACR] and serum cystatin-C) were tested by multiple linear regression using adjustments based on Directed Acyclic Graphs. Propensity score matching was applied to control imbalances. Results Mean age of participants was 45.5 ± 4.6 years and 56.8% were female; 64 (8.3%) participants reported LBW and 39 (5.0%) prematurity. The LBW group had higher systolic ( p =  0.015) and diastolic BP ( p =  0.014) and ACR values ( p =  0.031) and lower eGFR ( p =  0.015) than the normal birth weight group, but no group difference for cystatin-C was found. The preterm group had higher mean levels of systolic and diastolic BP, but no difference in kidney function markers was evident. In a regression model adjusted for sex, skin color and family history of hypertension, both systolic and diastolic BP levels were associated with LBW, but this association disappeared after adding for prematurity, which remained associated with BP ( p =  0.017). Having applied a propensity score matching, LBW was associated with ACR values ( p =  0.003), but not with eGFR or BP levels. Conclusion The study findings of independent associations of prematurity with higher BP levels, and of LBW with markers of kidney function in adulthood, support that early life events may predict risk for hypertension and kidney dysfunction in adulthood. The study design precluded the inferring of causality, and prospective studies are needed to further investigate this hypothesis. Graphical Abstract 
Diabetes is a major deadly disease. In 2019 alone, it caused an estimated 1.5 million deaths world-wide. Cases of diabetes are rising rapidly in low- and middle-income countries. Natural remedies that can lower the glucose level would be very useful, particularly to people living in low- and middle-income countries. A 2-year case study was carried out, therefore, to determine if Nigella sativa tea can lower the glucose level in a 72-year-old man with type-2 diabetes, stage 3–4 chronic kidney disease, and congestive heart failure. Changes in body weight, lipids, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) were also studied. N. sativa tea was prepared with N. sativa , barley, and wheat seeds. The 72-year-old drank approximately 50 ml of N. sativa tea daily, in the morning. Results showed that after drinking N. sativa tea daily, hypoglycemia started to occur and occurred more frequently as time went by and that the glycated hemoglobin, HbA1c, was decreasing. Subsequently, the dosages of insulin glargine and insulin aspart were reduced by 33% and 50%, respectively. Results also showed that weight loss led to the 72-year-old cutting back his intake of the diuretic furosemide by at least 50%. His triglycerides level was also lower and there were no changes in his total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. His eGFR was stable but his UACR was worsening. N. sativa tea is easy to prepare, costs very little, and could be a natural remedy for mitigating diabetes and edema. Many more studies on N. sativa are warranted.
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a global public health burden but is largely preventable. Few studies have reported an association between high levels of cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and decreased risk of CKD. However, some relevant aspects of the association, such as the dose-response relationship and the long-term relevance of CRF levels to CKD, have yet to be addressed. We, therefore, aimed to quantify the nature and magnitude of the association between CRF and CKD in a cohort of 2099 men aged 42-61 years with normal kidney function at baseline. CRF was directly measured using a respiratory gas exchange analyzer during cardiopulmonary exercise testing. Hazard ratios (HRs) (95% CIs) were estimated for the incidence of CKD. Correction for within-person variability was made using data from repeat measurements of CRF taken 11 years after baseline. A total of 197 CKD events were recorded during a median follow-up of 25.8 years. The age-adjusted regression dilution ratio for CRF was 0.59 (95% CI: 0.53-0.65). The risk of CKD decreased in a graded fashion with increasing CRF. Comparing extreme tertiles of CRF, the HR (95% CI) for CKD was 0.67 (0.46-0.97) following adjustment for several established and emerging risk factors. The corresponding adjusted HR (95% CI) was 0.51 (0.27-0.96) following correction for within-person variability. In a meta-analysis of five population-based cohort studies (including the current study) comprising 32,447 participants and 4,043 CKD cases, the fully-adjusted risk ratios (95% CIs) for CKD comparing extreme tertiles of baseline and long-term CRF values were 0.58 (0.46-0.73) and 0.40 (0.27-0.59), respectively. Findings from a new prospective study and pooled analysis of previous studies plus the new study indicate that high CRF levels are strongly and independently associated with a reduced risk of CKD and consistent with a linear dose-response relationship. Using single baseline measurements of CRF to investigate the association between CRF and CKD risk could considerably underestimate the true association.
Background Positron emission tomography (PET)/computed tomography (CT) imaging with fluorine-18 (^18F)-sodium fluoride (NaF) provides assessment of active vascular microcalcification, but its utility for evaluating diabetes mellitus (DM)- and chronic kidney disease (CKD)-induced atherosclerosis in peripheral arterial disease (PAD) has not been comprehensively evaluated. This study sought to use ^18F-NaF PET/CT to quantify and compare active microcalcification on an artery-by-artery basis in healthy subjects, PAD patients with or without DM, and PAD patients with or without CKD. Additionally, we evaluated the contributions of DM, CKD, statin use and established CT-detectable calcium to ^18F-NaF uptake for each lower extremity artery. Methods PAD patients ( n  = 48) and healthy controls ( n  = 8) underwent lower extremity ^18F-NaF PET/CT imaging. Fused PET/CT images guided segmentation of arteries of interest (i.e., femoral-popliteal, anterior tibial, tibioperoneal trunk, posterior tibial, and peroneal) and quantification of ^18F-NaF uptake. ^18F-NaF uptake was assessed for each artery and compared between subject groups. Additionally, established calcium burden was quantified for each artery using CT calcium mass score. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to evaluate DM, CKD, statin use, and CT calcium mass as predictors of ^18F-NaF uptake in PAD. Results PAD patients with DM or CKD demonstrated significantly higher active microcalcification (i.e., ^18F-NaF uptake) for all arteries when compared to PAD patients without DM or CKD. Univariate and multivariate analyses revealed that concomitant DM or CKD was associated with increased microcalcification for all arteries of interest and this increased disease risk remained significant after adjusting for patient age, sex, and body mass index. Statin use was only associated with decreased microcalcification for the femoral-popliteal artery in multivariate analyses. Established CT-detectable calcium was not significantly associated with ^18F-NaF uptake for 4 out of 5 arteries of interest. Conclusions ^18F-NaF PET/CT imaging quantifies vessel-specific active microcalcification in PAD that is increased in multiple lower extremity arteries by DM and CKD and decreased in the femoral-popliteal artery by statin use. ^18F-NaF PET imaging is complementary to and largely independent of established CT-detectable arterial calcification. ^18F-NaF PET/CT imaging may provide an approach for non-invasively quantifying vessel-specific responses to emerging anti-atherogenic therapies or CKD treatment in patients with PAD.
Background Unfractionated heparin sodium and nafamostat mesylate have long been used as anticoagulants in continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT) where citrate is unavailable. This study aimed to determine whether heparin or nafamostat mesylate used during CKRT was associated with a longer filter life. Methods In this single-centre observational study, we included adult patients who required CKRT and used heparin or nafamostat mesylate for their first CKRT in the intensive care unit from September 1, 2013, to December 31, 2020. The primary outcome was filter life (from the start to the end of using the first filter). We used propensity score matching to adjust for the imbalance in patients’ characteristics and laboratory data at the start of CKRT and compared the outcomes between the two groups. We also performed restricted mean survival time analysis to compare the filter survival times. Results We included 286 patients, 157 patients on heparin and 129 patients on nafamostat mesylate. After propensity score matching, the mean filter life with heparin was 1.58 days ( N  = 91, Standard deviation [SD], 1.52) and with nafamostat mesylate was 1.06 days ( N  = 91, SD, 0.94, p  = 0.006). Multivariable regression analysis adjusted for confounding factors supported that heparin was associated with a longer filter life compared with nafamostat mesylate (regression coefficient, days, 0.52 [95% CI, 0.15, 0.89]). The between group difference of the restricted mean filter survival time in the matched cohort was 0.29 (95% CI, 0.07–0.50, p  = 0.008). Conclusion Compared to nafamostat mesylate, heparin was associated with one-third to one-half a day longer filter life. Trial registration Not applicable.
Background Sickle cell disease (SCD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) are relatively common genetic conditions with considerable overlap in clinical presentation. In addition to similarities between the signs and symptoms in sickle cell nephropathy and ADPKD, more than half of SCD patients have kidney cysts. The co-occurrence of these two diseases has not been previously reported in the literature. Case diagnosis/treatment A 16-year-old Black male with SCD had bilateral kidney enlargement and multiple simple cysts on ultrasound. Although kidney cysts are significantly more common in individuals affected with SCD, genetic testing with a broad kidney gene panel was performed to explore the possible presence of another underlying genetic cause of his cysts, in addition to SCD. A dual diagnosis of SCD and ADPKD was made following the identification of two copies of the common pathogenic sickle cell HBB variant (c.20A > T, p.Glu7Val) and a pathogenic missense variant in PKD1 (c.8311G > A, p.Glu2771Lys). Conclusions SCD and ADPKD differ in pathophysiological mechanisms and treatment regimens. As such, it will be paramount for this teenager to be closely monitored for signs of diminished kidney function and to be co-managed as he transitions to adult care to ensure proper treatment and management. Early identification of individuals with both SCD and a co-occurring condition is crucial to ensuring proper clinical management. Furthermore, identifying and reporting additional patients with SCD and ADPKD dual diagnoses will help us to understand the co-occurring disease course and optimal treatments.
Background Modulating the microbiota in the large intestine of kidney transplant recipients through prebiotic supplementation may prevent infectious complications from occurring. To date, there have been no interventional trials which have investigated this novel treatment in kidney transplantation. The aim of PREBIOTIC is to assess the feasibility of performing a randomised controlled trial of prebiotics in reducing infections and gastrointestinal symptoms in kidney transplant recipients. Methods Sixty kidney transplant patients will be recruited to a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised feasibility trial. Patients will be provided with prebiotic therapy or placebo for 4 to 6 weeks. Outcomes will include recruitment, adherence, tolerance, retention, laboratory parameters (including serum indoxyl sulphate, ρ-cresyl sulphate and stool collection), patients’ self-assessed quality of life, gastrointestinal symptoms and clinical outcomes. Discussion This trial will assess the feasibility of prebiotic supplementation in kidney transplant recipients. Prebiotics not only may alter the gut microbiota and their inherent metabolism and production of uraemic toxins but also may prevent infections from occurring in kidney transplant recipients. Trial registration Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number ACTRN12618001057279p. The date of registration was 25th June 2018, https://www.anzctr.org.au/Trial/Registration/TrialReview.aspx?id=375370&isReview=true .
Introduction Low health literacy is widely reported in people with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and has been associated with reduced disease self-management, poor health outcomes, increased mortality and poorer quality of life. However, these associations are still not well understood. Methods Electronic-based systematic searches were performed to identify studies examining associations between health literacy and self-management behaviours and/or health outcomes in patients with CKD. A tabular and narrative synthesis of the data was performed. Meta-analysis was not appropriate due to the heterogeneity of study designs and methods. Results Searches identified 48 studies that met the inclusion criteria. A total of 41 published articles, six conference abstracts, and one thesis were included. Of the 48 studies, 11 were cohort and 37 were cross-sectional. In total there were 25,671 patients; 16,952 from cohort studies. Median study sample size was 159 (IQR 92–275). Study quality was high (5), moderate (24) and poor (19). Thirteen measures of health literacy were used. Despite the limitations of the available evidence, there appear to be consistent relationships between higher health literacy and favourable self-management behaviours for patients with CKD. Definitive relationships between health literacy and patient outcomes are far less clear and remain incompletely understood. Discussion Conclusive evidence describing a causal link between health literacy and patient outcomes remains limited, but for many outcomes, a consistent association is described. In addition to associations with mortality, hospitalisation and clinical events, there were consistent associations between health literacy and favourable self-management behaviours which could support the development of patient education aimed at improving health literacy. Graphical abstract 
Background Gentamicin and amikacin are aminoglycoside antibiotics which are renally excreted and known to be nephrotoxic. Estimate of glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) per body surface area is lower in neonates than in adults and exposure to these drugs could lead to more suppression in kidney function. The aim of this study was to determine maximum and minimum plasma concentrations (C_max and C_min), time to reach C_min levels of gentamicin and amikacin, and to assess eGFR in preterm and term neonates. Methods Two groups of patients were recruited, 44 neonates receiving gentamicin (5 mg/kg/24 h) and 35 neonates receiving amikacin (15 mg/kg/24 h) by slow intravenous injection. Patients on amikacin had been on gentamicin before being switched to amikacin. Two blood samples were drawn for the determination of the maximum and minimum plasma concentration. Primary outcomes were determination of C_max, C_min, and the time it took to clear the aminoglycoside to a plasma concentration below the toxicity threshold (gentamicin: < 1 mcg/mL; amikacin: < 5 mcg/mL. Results Therapeutic range for C_max of gentamicin (15–25 mcg/mL) or amikacin (30–40 mcg/mL) was achieved in only 27.3 and 2.9% of neonates, respectively. Percentage of neonates reaching plasma concentrations below the toxicity threshold within the 24-hour dosing interval was 72.7% for gentamicin and 97.1% for amikacin. Positive correlation between gentamicin clearance and postnatal age borderline statistical significance ( p  = 0.007), while the correlation between amikacin clearance and postnatal age was poor and not statistically significant (r^2 = − 0.30, p  = 0.971). Conclusion Although eGFR decreased significantly as a function of postnatal age in neonates receiving amikacin, the majority (91.4%) of these neonates were able to clear the drug to < 5 mcg/mL within a 24-hour dosing interval.
The single and combined effects of short-term selenium (Se) deficiency and T-2 toxin-induced kidney pathological injury through the MMPs/TIMPs system were investigated. Forty-eight rats were randomly divided into control, 10 ng/g T-2 toxin, 100 ng/g T-2 toxin, Se-deficient, 10 ng/g T-2 toxin and Se deficiency combined, and 100 ng/g T-2 toxin and Se deficiency combined groups for a 4-week intervention. The kidney Se concentration was measured to evaluate the construction of animal models of Se deficiency. Kidney tissues were analyzed by hematoxylin–eosin staining, Masson staining, and transmission electron microscope to observe the pathological changes, the severity of kidney fibrosis, and ultrastructural changes, respectively. Meanwhile, quantitative polymerase chain reaction and immunohistochemical staining were used to analyze the gene and protein expression levels of matrix metallopeptidase 2/3 (MMP2/3) and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 1 (TIMP1). The results showed that short-term Se deficiency and T-2 toxin exposure can cause kidney injury through tubular degeneration and even lead to kidney fibrosis. And the combination of T-2 toxin and Se deficiency had a synergistic effect on the kidney. A dose–response effect of the T-2 toxin was also observed. At the gene and protein levels, the expression of MMP2/3 in the intervention group increased, while the expression of TIMP1 decreased compared with the control group. In conclusion, short-term Se deficiency and T-2 toxin exposure might lead to injury and even the development of fibrosis in the kidneys, and combined intervention can increase the severity with a dose-dependent trend. MMP2/3 and TIMP1 likely play a significant role in the development of kidney fibrosis.
Background Early detection of hypertension in children with autosomal polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) may be beneficial, but screening children at risk of ADPKD remains controversial. We investigated determinants of hypertension in children with ADPKD to help identify a subgroup of children at risk of ADPKD for whom screening for the disease and/or its complications would be more relevant. Methods In a retrospective study including consecutive children with ADPKD aged 5–18 years and followed at Saint-Luc Hospital Brussels between 2006 and 2020, we investigated the potential association between genotype, clinical characteristics and parental phenotype, and presence of hypertension. Hypertension was defined as blood pressure > P95 during 24-h ambulatory monitoring or anti-hypertensive therapy use. Parental phenotype was considered severe based on age at kidney failure, Mayo Clinic Imaging Classification and rate of eGFR decline. Results The study enrolled 55 children with ADPKD (mean age 9.9 ± 2.2 years, 45% male), including 44 with a PKD1 mutation and 5 with no mutation identified. Nine (16%) children had hypertension. Hypertension in children was associated with parental phenotype severity (8/27 (30%) children with severe parental phenotype vs. 1/23 (4%) children with non-severe parental phenotype ( p  = 0.03)) and height-adjusted bilateral nephromegaly (6/9 (67%) children with bilateral nephromegaly vs. 3/44 (7%) children without bilateral nephromegaly ( p  < 0.001)). Conclusions Severe parental phenotype is associated with higher prevalence of hypertension in children with ADPKD. Hence, children of parents with severe ADPKD phenotype may be those who will most benefit from screening of the disease and/or yearly BP measures. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Hyperlactatemia occurs frequently in critically ill patients, and this pathologic condition leads to worse outcomes in several disease subsets. Herein, we addressed whether hyperlactatemia is associated with the risk of mortality in patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) due to acute kidney injury. Methods A total of 1,661 patients who underwent CRRT for severe acute kidney injury were retrospectively reviewed between 2010 and 2020. The patients were categorized according to their serum lactate levels, such as high (≥ 7.6 mmol/l), moderate (2.1–7.5 mmol/l) and low (≤ 2 mmol/l), at the time of CRRT initiation. The hazard ratios (HRs) for the risk of in-hospital mortality were calculated with adjustment of multiple variables. The increase in the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) for the mortality risk was evaluated after adding serum lactate levels to the Sequential Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA) and the Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation (APACHE) II score-based models. Results A total of 802 (48.3%) and 542 (32.6%) patients had moderate and high lactate levels, respectively. The moderate and high lactate groups had a higher risk of mortality than the low lactate group, with HRs of 1.64 (1.22–2.20) and 4.18 (2.99–5.85), respectively. The lactate-enhanced models had higher AUROCs than the models without lactates (0.764 vs. 0.702 for SOFA score; 0.737 vs. 0.678 for APACHE II score). Conclusions Hyperlactatemia is associated with mortality outcomes in patients undergoing CRRT for acute kidney injury. Serum lactate levels may need to be monitored in this patient subset.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is one of the serious clinical syndromes with high morbidity and mortality. Despite substantial progress in understanding the mechanism of AKI, no effective drug is available for treatment or prevention. In this study, we identified that a ligand-activated transcription factor aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) was abnormally increased in the kidneys of cisplatin-induced AKI mice or tubular epithelial TCMK-1 cells. The AhR inhibition by BAY2416964 and tubular conditional deletion both alleviated cisplatin-induced kidney dysfunction and tubular injury. Notably, inhibition of AhR could improve cellular senescence of injured kidneys, which was indicated by senescence-associated β-galactosidase (SA-β-gal) activity, biomarker p53, p21, p16 expression, and secretory-associated secretory phenotype IL-1β, IL-6 and TNFα level. Mechanistically, the abnormal AhR expression was positively correlated with the increase of a methyltransferase EZH2, and AhR inhibition suppressed the EZH2 expression in cisplatin-injured kidneys. Furthermore, the result of ChIP assay displayed that EZH2 might indirectly interact with AhR promoter region by affecting H3K27me3. The direct recruitment between H3K27me3 and AhR promoter is higher in the kidneys of control than that of cisplatin-treated mice, suggesting EZH2 reversely influenced AhR expression through weakening H3K27me3 transcriptional inhibition on AhR promoter. The present study implicated that AhR and EZH2 have mutual regulation, which further accelerated tubular senescence in cisplatin-induced AKI. Notably, the crucial role of AhR is potential to become a promising target for AKI.
A survey to gain insight into anticoagulant prescribing practice in the setting of chronic kidney disease (CKD) across the UK was disseminated via renal and haematology networks. Areas of anticoagulant use included patients with venous thromboembolism (VTE), requiring thromboprophylaxis for VTE, Atrial Fibrillation (AF) and nephrotic syndrome. An online-survey was disseminated via British Haematology Society, UK Kidney Association, and Renal Pharmacy Group over a five month period. All responses were voluntary and anonymous. Among 117 responses there were 49 nephrology doctors, 47 renal pharmacists and 20 haematology clinicians. A specialist multidisciplinary team to discuss the specific anticoagulant management of these patients was only available to 3% (4/117) respondents. Renal function estimate used for anticoagulant dosing was mainly Cockcroft-Gault for pharmacists and haematology but lab-based estimates were used by nephrology doctors. Therapeutic dose of Low Molecular Weight Heparin was mostly likely to be reduced by one-third when used for VTE treatment, with the majority of units undertaking anti-Xa monitoring in CKD stage 5 and dialysis. Direct-acting Oral Anticoagulants are being used in patients with nephrotic syndrome, those with CKD stage 5 and on dialysis for VTE and AF in the absence of license in these indications. This survey highlighted the significant differences between anticoagulant prescribing in CKD between two professional specialties and marked variation between centres in anticoagulant management strategies employed for these patients. With gaps still existing in the evidence base and answers to these not expected within the next few years, development of a best-practice guideline would be warranted to support clinicians in this field.
Background Cardiovascular (CV) complications are important causes of morbidity and mortality in children after kidney transplantation (KTx). In adults, central blood pressure (cBP) is an accepted predictor of CV sequelae. We aimed to assess the prognostic value of cBP over peripheral blood pressure (pBP) for existing CV damage. Methods We measured cBP and pBP in 48 pediatric KTx recipients (mean age: 13.5 ± 4.2 years). Assessment of left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and aortic pulse wave velocity (PWV) allowed detection of CV target organ damage. LVMI and PWV were used as endpoints in multivariable linear regression models, in which cBP and pBP were compared for their predictive value. Results Using cBP z-scores, we identified a larger number of patients with uncontrolled or untreated hypertension compared to pBP (36% vs. 7%). Central systolic blood pressure (cSBP) was a significant independent predictor of LVMI, while peripheral systolic blood pressure (pSBP) was not. Comparing central (cDBP) and peripheral (pDBP) diastolic blood pressure for their predictive value on PWV revealed a greater estimate for cDBP (0.035 vs. 0.026 for pDBP) along with a slightly better model fit for cDBP. Conclusions Our data in a small group of patients provide first evidence that cBP measurements in pediatric KTx recipients might be helpful in identifying patients at risk for the development of CV sequelae. Investigating a larger patient number, ideally repeatedly, is needed to create further evidence supporting our findings. In light of available devices measuring cBP noninvasively, the implementation of such clinical studies post-KTx care should be feasible. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Purpose The aim was to compare laparoscopic pyelolithotomy and percutaneous nephrolithotomy in terms of efficacy and safety for the treatment of renal pelvis stones larger than 2.5 cm in pediatric patients. Methods Our study consisted of two groups. Group 1 included 33 patients who underwent laparoscopic pyelolithotomy (LPL) between January 2013 and March 2022, and group 2 included 39 patients who underwent percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL). The basic clinical parameters of the patients were recorded. Mean operation time, stone size, estimated blood loss, blood transfusion rate, postoperative hospital stay, stone-free rate, postoperative analgesia requirements, intraoperative complications, and early and late postoperative complications were compared between the two groups. Results In our study, the mean age of the patients in groups 1 and 2 was 8.89 ± 1.58 years and 9.1 ± 1.85 years, respectively ( p  = 0.657). The mean stone size was 2.37 ± 0.38 cm in group 1 and 2.55 ± 0.45 cm in group 2 ( p  = 0.64). The mean operation time was 85.65 ± 20.55 min in group 1, while it was 76.11 ± 13.12 min in group 2 ( p  = 0.08). The stone-free rate was 100% in both groups. Intraoperative mean blood loss, need for postoperative analgesia, blood transfusion and intraoperative complication rates were significantly higher in the PCNL group ( p < 0.01, p  = 0.02, p < 0.01, p < 0.01, respectively). Conclusion Our results show that laparoscopic pyelolithotomy is a safe and effective method for pediatric patients with large kidney stones.
The proportion of transgender people has increased over time, but few cases of transgender people undergoing kidney transplantation have been described. A 41-year-old transgender man (female-to-male) had chronic kidney disease caused by IgA nephropathy. He had received testosterone therapy and sex reassignment surgeries (chest masculinization surgery, metoidioplasty, scrotoplasty, and hysterectomy–ovariectomy) since he was 19 years due to gender incongruence. He underwent a preemptive living-donor kidney transplantation from his wife. His skeletal muscle mass was closer to that of a female than that of a male and suggested that eGFR should be calculated with the equation based on the gender assigned at birth (female) rather than the gender identity (male). Moreover, the recovery of kidney function due to successful kidney transplantation decreased serum gonadotropin levels, but normalization of his sex hormone profile was not achieved. Further accumulation of experience with kidney transplantation for transgender people is needed.
The purpose of this article is to identify the factors that predict the success of retrograde intrarenal surgery (RIRS), with a focus on the effect of renal parenchymal thickness and anticoagulant use on stone-free rates. From February 2014 to April 2022, cases of kidney stones treated with RIRS at our clinic were retrospectively screened. The study included 642 cases meeting all inclusion and exclusion criteria. The patients who were observed to be stone free after a single session of RIRS were assigned to Group F, while those with residual fragments were assigned to Group R. Group F comprised 472 patients, while Group R included 170 patients. The two groups have compared certain preoperative and postoperative laboratory and radiological parameters. The infundibulopelvic angle was significantly more acute in Group R (45.63 ± 16.25 vs. 49.28 ± 15.36, p  = 0.011) while patients in Group F tended to have thicker parenchyma (27.39 ± 8.38 vs. 22.88 ± 5.56, p  < 0.001). In our analysis of multivariate logistic regression, stone size (OR: 1.074, 1.037–1.113; p  < 0.001), lower calyceal location (OR: 0.550, 95% CI 0.364–0.831; p  = 0.005), multiple numbers of stones (OR 0.254, 95% CI 0.166–0.389; p  =  < 0.001), the value of parenchymal thickness (OR 0.911, 95% CI 0.882–0.941; p  =  < 0.001) and more importantly use of anticoagulants/antiplatelets (OR 0.557, 95% CI 0.333–0.933; p  = 0.026) appeared to be independent predictors of stone-free status after RIRS. Further evaluation of the data revealed that the cut-off value of the renal parenchymal thickness for an effective stone-free status in a ROC curve analysis was 24.5 with 62.9% sensitivity and 56.8% specificity (area under curve value: 0.654 [95% CI 0.608–0.699, p  < 0.001]). The endourologist may be able to make more informed decisions by evaluating renal parenchymal thickness in addition to patient-related factors like anticoagulant use, which we find significantly affects outcomes, along with the stone and renal anatomy-related factors.
Background The pathogenesis of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is complex, involving metabolic and hemodynamic factors. Although DKD has been established as a heritable disorder and several genetic studies have been conducted, the identification of unique genetic variants for DKD is limited by its multiplex classification based on the phenotypes of diabetes mellitus (DM) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). Thus, we aimed to identify the genetic variants related to DKD that differentiate it from type 2 DM and CKD. Methods We conducted a large-scale genome-wide association study mega-analysis, combining Korean multi-cohorts using multinomial logistic regression. A total of 33,879 patients were classified into four groups—normal, DM without CKD, CKD without DM, and DKD—and were further analyzed to identify novel single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with DKD. Additionally, fine-mapping analysis was conducted to investigate whether the variants of interest contribute to a trait. Conditional analyses adjusting for the effect of type 1 DM (T1D)-associated HLA variants were also performed to remove confounding factors of genetic association with T1D. Moreover, analysis of expression quantitative trait loci (eQTL) was performed using the Genotype-Tissue Expression project. Differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were analyzed using the Gene Expression Omnibus database ( GSE30529 ). The significant eQTL DEGs were used to explore the predicted interaction networks using search tools for the retrieval of interacting genes and proteins. Results We identified three novel SNPs [rs3128852 ( P = 8.21×10^−25), rs117744700 ( P = 8.28×10^−10), and rs28366355 ( P = 2.04×10^−8)] associated with DKD. Moreover, the fine-mapping study validated the causal relationship between rs3128852 and DKD. rs3128852 is an eQTL for TRIM27 in whole blood tissues and HLA-A in adipose-subcutaneous tissues. rs28366355 is an eQTL for HLA-group genes present in most tissues. Conclusions We successfully identified SNPs (rs3128852, rs117744700, and rs28366355) associated with DKD and verified the causal association between rs3128852 and DKD. According to the in silico analysis, TRIM27 and HLA-A can define DKD pathophysiology and are associated with immune response and autophagy. However, further research is necessary to understand the mechanism of immunity and autophagy in the pathophysiology of DKD and to prevent and treat DKD.
Frailty has become an emerging public health problem in the aging society and is regarded as a state of vulnerability to developing increased dependency and/or mortality when exposed to a stressor. As the proportion of elderly dialysis patients is increasing worldwide, frailty has recently influenced on the clinical outcomes among those patients also caused great attention. The prevalence of frailty among dialysis patients has ranged from 3.0- to 10-fold higher than in community-dwelling elderly. Since frailty has been found to be associated with higher mortality, independent of clinical characteristics and comorbidity, interventions to improve frailty have the potential to contribute to better quality of life and lower mortality among dialysis patients. Moreover, clinical research should be focused on the possibility that early rehabilitation of dialysis patients might improve poor outcomes. Current clinical question should aim to take an appropriate strategy to address frailty, including identifying the optimal timing for intervention.
Background Continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT) has become an integral part of the care of critically ill children. However, uncertainty exists regarding the current state of how CKRT is prescribed and delivered in children. The main objective of this study was to identify the current practices for pediatric CKRT. Methods We conducted a systematic review of the literature from 2012 to 2022 to identify data regarding CKRT timing of initiation, dosing, anticoagulation, fluid removal, and quality monitoring. Using this data, we then performed a two-round modified Delphi process using a multinational internet-assisted survey of prescribers of CKRT. Results The survey was constructed using 172 articles that met inclusion criteria (12% of studies were pediatric focused). A total of 147 and 126 practitioners completed the survey in rounds 1 and 2, respectively. Participants represented Europe (9.5–11.6%) and North America including pediatric intensivists, nephrologists, and advance practice providers. Consensus (defined as a ≥ 75% participant response of “sometimes” or “always”) was achieved for 26 statements. There was consensus in the practices of CKRT initiation, dosing, method of anticoagulation, and fluid removal. In contrast, there appears to be greater variability in the methods used for monitoring anticoagulation and the quality of the delivered treatment. Conclusions Our study results suggest that the current state of pediatric CKRT practice is reflective of the literature over the last 10 years, which is largely based on the care of adult patients. This data provides a framework to study best practices to further improve outcomes for children receiving CKRT. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background The Cardio-Renal Pediatric Dialysis Emergency Machine (CA.R.P.E.D.I.E.M.®) device is a continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT) equipment dedicated to neonates and small infants. This study aimed to assess the effectiveness, feasibility, outcomes, and technical considerations relating to CARPEDIEM® use. Methods This retrospective multicenter study included 19 newborns and six infants receiving CARPEDIEM® in five French pediatric and neonatal intensive care units. Laboratory parameters were collected at the initiation and end of the first CARPEDIEM® session. Results are presented as median [IQR] (range). Results At initiation, age was 4 days [2–13] (1–1134) with a body weight of 3.3 kg [2.5–4] (1.3–11.1). Overall, 131 sessions and 2125 h of treatment were performed. Treatment duration per patient was 42 h [24–91] (8–557). Continuous veno-venous hemofiltration (CVVH) was performed in 20 children. Blood flow rate was 8 mL/kg/min [6–9] (3–16). The effluent flow rate for CVVH was 74 mL/kg/h [43–99] (28–125) and net ultrafiltration (UF) 6 mL/kg/h [2–8] (1–12). In the five children treated by hemodialysis, the blood and dialysate flow rates were 6 mL/kg/min [5–7] (4–7) and 600 mL/h [300–600] (120–600), respectively, while session duration was 8 h [6–12] (2–24). Most infants required a catheter between 4.5 and 6.5 French. Hemodynamic instability with a need for volume replacement occurred in 31 sessions (23%). Thrombocytopenia was observed in 29 sessions (22%). No hemorrhage occurred; all the patients survived the sessions, but only eight patients (32%) were alive at hospital discharge. Conclusions These data confirm that the use of CARPEDIEM® is safe and effective in critically ill neonates and infants. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Pediatric severe sepsis (PSS) is associated with increased mortality, and acute kidney injury (AKI) is an independent risk factor of mortality in PSS. However, there is little data on impact of AKI on hospital outcomes in PSS. Methods We analyzed non-overlapping years of the Kids’ Inpatient Database (KID) and National Inpatient Sample (NIS) database between 2003 and 2019 of all pediatric patients with severe sepsis between 1 and 18 years of age. Using ICD diagnosis codes, patients were divided into two groups based on AKI status and compared for outcomes measures including in-hospital mortality and healthcare resource utilization using length of stay and inflation-adjusted hospitalization charges. Results We analyzed 192,712 hospitalizations due to PSS during the 17-year period. Prevalence of AKI was 23.6% with overall increasing trend, P <0.001. Prevalence of AKI was significantly increased in patients with diabetes mellitus, organ transplantation, HIV, urinary tract anomalies, and malnutrition, P <0.001. Mortality rate was significantly higher among patients with AKI (19.8% vs. 8.1%, P <0.001). PSS with AKI had significantly higher median length of stay (14 vs. 11 days) and total hospitalization charges ($168,106 vs. 100,906), P <0.001. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that AKI without kidney replacement therapy (KRT) was associated with 3.02 times increased odds of mortality (95% CI 2.99–3.17, P <0.001) and those requiring KRT had 6.4 times increased odds of mortality (95%CI 6.1–6.7, P <0.001). AKI without KRT was associated with 7.7 (95% CI 7.3–8.05) additional days of hospitalization and 154,536 (95% CI 149,500–159,572) additional US dollars in hospitalization charges. Conclusion Almost 1 in 4 hospitalizations with PSS had AKI and was associated with >3 times increased risk of mortality and need for KRT further adversely impacts mortality and healthcare utilization. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background The role of higher insulinemic effects of dietary pattern and lifestyle factors on the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is not well-studied. In the current study, we aimed to investigate the relationship between the insulinemic potential of diet and lifestyle with the risk of CKD in adults. Methods A total of 6044 individuals without CKD, aged>18 years, were recruited from among participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (third and fourth surveys) and followed a mean of 6.03 years(follow-up rate:94.95%). The dietary intake data were collected using a food frequency questionnaire. The insulinemic potential of diet and lifestyle was determined based on four empirical indices, including the empirical dietary index for hyperinsulinemia (EDIH), the empirical dietary index for insulin resistance (EDIR), the empirical lifestyle index for hyperinsulinemia (ELIH), and the empirical lifestyle index for insulin resistance (ELIR). Results Mean ± SD age of all study participants (54.3% women) was 37.8 ± 12.8 years. During the 6.03 years of follow-up (46,889.8 person-years), 1216(20.1%) new cases of CKD were identified. According to the multivariable-adjusted model, the risk of CKD incident is increased across quintiles of EDIR (OR = 1.29;95% CI: 1.06–1.57), ELIH (OR = 1.35; 95%CI: 1.10–1.67), and ELIR (OR = 1.24; 95%CI:1.02–1.51). However, no significant relationship was found between the EDIH score and the risk of CKD. Conclusion Results of the current study showed that dietary pattern with a high EDIR score and a lifestyle with higher ELIH and ELIR scores may be related to increasing the risk of CKD incident. However, no significant association was observed between EDIH score and CKD incident.
Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is more prevalent with an increase in diabetes mellitus. Oxidative stress is a major factor in the occurrence and progression of DKD. Defending against oxidative stress and restoring antioxidant defense might be key to preventing and treating DKD. The purpose of this article is to provide an explanation of how oxidative stress affects DKD, conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis on DKD, and examine the effect of antioxidants on the disease. An analysis of 19 randomized controlled trials showed that the use of antioxidants could reduce UAE (albumin excretion rate) in patients with DKD (SMD: − 0.31; 95% CI [− 0.47, − 0.14], I^2 = 0%), UACR (urine albumin/creatinine ratio) (SMD: − 0.60; 95% CI [− 1.15, − 0.06], I^2 = 89%), glycosylated hemoglobin (hbA1c) (MD: − 0.61; 95% CI [− 1.00, − 0.21], I^2 = 93%) and MDA (malonaldehyde) (SMD:-1.05; 95% CI [− 1.87, − 0.23], I^2 = 94%), suggesting that antioxidants seemed to have therapeutic effects in patients with DKD, especially in reducing proteinuria and hbA1c. The purpose of this study is to provide new targets and ideas for drug research and clinical treatment of DKD.
Functional constipation is a common problem in otherwise healthy children. Children with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and on dialysis have additional disease-related risk factors including the uremic milieu, fluid and dietary restrictions, and decreased physical activity, as well as treatment-related risk factors such as dialysis therapy and polypharmacy that contribute to and compound the problem. Constipation causes significant distress for children and their caregivers. In children on peritoneal dialysis, severe constipation can impede catheter function and ultrafiltration. Accumulating evidence points to a possible bidirectional relationship between constipation and CKD, potentially mediated by gut dysbiosis with consequent increased generation of gut-derived uremic toxins and disruption of intestinal epithelium integrity leading to translocation of noxious luminal contents into the circulation inducing systemic inflammation. Effective management of constipation is required but there is little published data on the safety and effectiveness of treatments in adults or children with CKD. In this review, we discuss the diagnosis and epidemiology of functional constipation, provide an overview of its pathophysiology, summarize the therapeutic management, and reflect on the challenges in children with CKD.
Background Pediatric ANCA vasculitis is a rare group of diseases with a scarcity of data in children. Annual incidence appeared to increase in the last several years, placing higher interest in the clinical and therapeutical outcomes of the disorder. Also, the growing use of rituximab questions the latest outcomes in these diseases. We therefore conducted a retrospective study to better understand the current characteristics, management, and the latest outcomes of the disorder. Methods We conducted a 9-year retrospective study of 46 children in 14 different centers across France to describe their clinical and laboratory presentations, therapeutic regimens, and kidney outcome. Results P-ANCA appeared to be a potential marker for higher relapse risk. Compared to adults, we found that ear-nose-throat presentations were frequent (45.7%) and more severe. Despite an evolution in the treatment management, kidney outcome remained poor with a substantial proportion of chronic kidney disease (54.8% at 1 year). Mortality stays low with 3 patients (6.5%) deceased at the end of our study. Conclusion Clinical presentation was as previously described and time to diagnosis remains long. P-ANCA is a statistically significant marker for increased relapse risk. We observed a modification in the treatment regimens over the past several years with a growing use of rituximab and a decreasing use of cyclophosphamide. Despite these changes, kidney outcome remains poor and prospective studies should be conducted to assess the most appropriate therapeutic modality for each patient. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a severe public health problem associated with a disordered gut microbiome. However, the functional alterations of microbiota and their cross talk with metabolism pathways based on disease severity remain unclear. Results We performed metagenomics and untargeted metabolomics in a cohort of 68 patients with CKD of differing severities and 20 healthy controls to characterize the complex interplay between the gut microbiome and fecal and serum metabolites during CKD progression. We identified 26 microbial species that significantly changed in patients with CKD; 18 species changed as the disease progressed, and eight species changed only in a specific CKD group. These distinct changes in gut microbiota were accompanied by functional alterations in arginine and proline, arachidonic acid, and glutathione metabolism and ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis pathways during CKD progression. Further metabolomic analyses revealed that the distributions of toxic and pro-oxidant metabolites from these four essential metabolic pathways varied in the feces and serum as CKD progressed. Furthermore, we observed a complex co-occurrence between CKD severity-related bacteria and the characterized metabolites from the four essential metabolic pathways. Notably, Ruminococcus bromii , fecal hydroquinone, and serum creatinine were identified as the main contributors to the integrated network, indicating their key roles in CKD progression. Moreover, a noninvasive model including R. bromii and fecal hydroquinone, L-cystine, and 12-keto-tetrahydro-LTB4 levels classified the CKD severity (area under the curve [AUC]: > 0.9) and had better performance than the serum creatinine level for mild CKD ( AUC : 0.972 vs. 0.896). Conclusions Perturbed CKD severity-related gut microbiota may contribute to unbalanced toxic and pro-oxidant metabolism in the gut and host, accelerating CKD progression, which may be an early diagnostic and therapeutic target for CKD. Video Abstract
Background Systemic inflammation can be the initiator in developing chronic diseases that may be affected by the lifestyle and diet of individuals. In the current study, we aimed to assess the association of the inflammatory potential of diet and lifestyle, determined by the food-based index of dietary inflammatory potential (FBDI), dietary inflammation score (DIS), and lifestyle inflammation score (LIS), with risk of chronic kidney disease(CKD) in Iranian adults. Methods A total of 6044 CKD-free individuals aged ≥ 18 years, were recruited from among participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study(surveys 3 and 4) and followed a mean of 6.03 years(follow-up rate:94.95%). Data on dietary intakes were determined using a food frequency questionnaire. The inflammatory potential of diet and lifestyle were determined based on three indices, including FBDI, DIS, and LIS. Using the National Kidney Foundation guidelines, we defined CKD as eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Results Mean ± SD age of the study population(54.3% women) was 37.8 ± 12.8 years. We identified 1216(20.1%) new cases of CKD during the 6.03 years of follow-up (46,889.8 person-years). In the multivariable-adjusted model, the risk of CKD incident is increased across quartiles of FBDI (HR = 1.21;95%CI:1.03–1.42, P_trend:0.014) and LIS (HR = 1.28;95%CI:1.07–1.55,P_trend:0.006). However, no significant relationship was observed between the higher DIS score and CKD risk. Conclusion Our findings showed that a higher inflammatory potential of diet and lifestyle, characterized by a higher score of FBDI and LIS, was related to increased incidence of CKD, while no significant relationship was reported between the DIS score and CKD incident.
Background Pure aortic valve disease is common and has been treated with sternotomy aortic valve replacement for decades. Minimally invasive cardiac surgery has been widely used in atrioventricular valve lesions, but totally thoracoscopic aortic valve replacement has rarely been reported. Method The profiles of 9 patients who were diagnosed with severe aortic valve diseases and treated with two-port thoracoscopic aortic valve replacement between February 2021 and February 2022 were retrospectively reviewed. The clinical data, including baseline characteristics, operative data, postoperative complications, and short-term outcomes, were reported. Results All nine patients successfully underwent two-port thoracoscopic aortic valve replacement, with a cardiopulmonary bypass time of 137.56 ± 27.99 min and an aortic cross-clamp time of 95.33 ± 17.96 min. Seven (77.78%) patients underwent mechanical valve replacement, and two (22.22%) patients underwent bioprosthetic valve replacement. Two (22.22%) patients underwent a concomitant aortic root enlargement procedure. There were no intraoperative or postoperative deaths. The incidence of procedural complications was 0%, while the results of ventilation time, intensive care unit stay length, blood transfusion, chest tube drainage, and kidney function were satisfactory. Conclusion Two-port thoracoscopic aortic valve replacement is a safe and effective surgical treatment option for carefully selected patients with pure aortic valve diseases.
Introduction Frailty is a clinical syndrome characterized by a decrease in strength, resistance and body physiological condition, making the individual more vulnerable, and increasing his/her risk of dependence and death. Kidney transplant (KT) is currently the best end-stage renal disease therapeutic alternative for certain individuals. Frailty status occurs in approximately 20% of KT patients. Thus, it was evaluated if there would be any change in frailty status level in a population of adult patients on chronic HD after receiving KT. Material and method A cross-sectional study was conducted on a population of adult hemodialysis patients (n: 57), with the objective of evaluating if there was a significant change in their clinical frailty score (CFS) after 6 months of KT. For the statistical analysis, the Student’s t -test, and the test of statistical significance between two proportions were applied. Results Mean CFS before KT was 4 (vulnerable), and after KT was 3 (robust). CFS value was significantly lower after KT ( p value < 0.01). Conclusion A significant improvement was found between pre- and post-transplant clinical frailty scores in hemodialysis adult patients.
Background Impaired renal function is frequently observed in patients with heart failure and reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF). The differential effect of sacubitril/valsartan and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors/angiotensin-receptor blockers (ACEIs/ARBs) on the clinical and renal outcomes in patients with HFrEF and chronic kidney disease (CKD) remains unknown. Aims This study aimed to explore the differential effect of sacubitril/valsartan and ACEI/ARB on the clinical and renal outcomes as well as renal function over a 12-month follow-up period in HFrEF patients with and without CKD. Methods Patients with HfrEF (LVEF ≤35%) and NYHA class ≥II were enrolled from the Chang Gung Research Database between 2017 and 2020. Baseline characteristics were compared between patients prescribed sacubitril/valsartan and ACEI/ARB. After propensity score matching, the following clinical and renal outcomes were compared between the two groups in patients with and without CKD over a 12-month follow-up period: acute kidney injury (AKI), emergent dialysis/renal death, HF hospitalization, cardiovascular mortality, and all-cause mortality. Results This study enrolled 3735 HFrEF patients with a mean left ventricular EF of 27.56 ± 5.86%, who had been prescribed sacubitril/valsartan (N = 1708) or ACEI/ARB (N = 2027). After propensity score matching, the clinical and renal outcomes did not differ between the sacubitril/valsartan and ACEI/ARB groups in patients without CKD. In patients with CKD, the ACEI/ARB group had a significantly higher incidence of all-cause mortality than the sacubitril/valsartan group (14.89% vs. 10.50%; hazard ratio 1.46; 95% confidence interval 1.06–2.00; p = 0.02), and the incidence of AKI, HF hospitalization, and CV mortality did not differ between the two groups. Conclusions Sacubitril/valsartan had a lower all-cause mortality compared to ACEI/ARB in symptomatic HFrEF patients with CKD. Further prospective randomized studies are warranted to confirm our findings.
Background In the development of prediction models for a clinical event, it is common to use the static prediction modeling (SPM), a regression model that relates baseline predictors to the time to event. In many situations, the data used in training and validation are from longitudinal studies, where predictor variables are time-varying and measured at clinical visits. But these data are not used in SPM. The landmark analysis (LA), previously proposed for dynamic prediction with longitudinal data, has interpretational difficulty when the baseline is not a risk-changing clinical milestone, as is often the case in observational studies of chronic disease without intervention. Methods This paper studies the generalized landmark analysis (GLA), a statistical framework to develop prediction models for longitudinal data. The GLA includes the LA as a special case, and generalizes it to situations where the baseline is not a risk-changing clinical milestone with a more useful interpretation. Unlike the LA, the landmark variable does not have to be time since baseline in the GLA, but can be any time-varying prognostic variable. The GLA can also be viewed as a longitudinal generalization of localized prediction, which has been studied in the context of low-dimensional cross-sectional data. We studied the GLA using data from the Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort (CRIC) Study and the Wisconsin Allograft Replacement Database (WisARD) and compared the prediction performance of SPM and GLA. Results In various validation populations from longitudinal data, the GLA generally had similarly or better predictive performance than SPM, with notable improvement being seen when the validation population deviated from the baseline population. The GLA also demonstrated similar or better predictive performance than LA, due to its more general model specification. Conclusions GLA is a generalization of the LA such that the landmark variable does not have to be the time since baseline. It has better interpretation when the baseline is not a risk-changing clinical milestone. The GLA is more adaptive to the validation population than SPM and is more flexible than LA, which may help produce more accurate prediction.
Objective Acute kidney injury (AKI) after cardiac surgery is associated with serious complication and high risk of mortality. The relationship between hemostatic system and the prognosis of patients with acute type A aortic dissection (ATAAD) has not been evaluated. The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between preoperative serum fibrinogen level and risk of postoperative AKI in patients with ATAAD. Methods A total of 172 consecutive patients undergoing urgent aortic arch surgery for ATAAD between April 2020 and December 2021 were identified from Beijing Anzhen Hospital aortic surgery database. The primary outcome was postoperative AKI as defined by the Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria. The univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis were done to assess the independent predictors of risk for postoperative AKI. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was generated to evaluate the predictive probabilities of risk factors for AKI. Results In our study, 51.2% (88/172) patients developed postoperative AKI. Multivariate logistic regression analysis identified low preoperative serum fibrinogen level (OR, 1.492; 95% CI, 1.023 to 2.476; p  = 0.021) and increased body mass index (BMI) (OR, 1.153; 95% CI, 1.003 to 1.327; p  = 0.046) as independent predictors of postoperative AKI in patients with ATAAD. A mixed effect analysis of variance modeling revealed that obese patients with low preoperative serum fibrinogen level had higher incidence of postoperative AKI ( p  = 0.04). The ROC curve indicated that low preoperative serum fibrinogen level was a significant predictor of AKI [area under the curve (AUC), 0.771; p  < 0.001]. Conclusions Low preoperative serum fibrinogen level and obesity were associated with the risk of postoperative AKI in patients with ATAAD. These data suggested that low preoperative serum fibrinogen level was preferred marker for predicting the postoperative AKI, especially in obese patients with ATAAD.
Nephrolithiasis is a common urologic condition and a significant source of patient morbidity and healthcare expenditure. There are few epidemiologic studies of kidney stones focusing exclusively on Black women. We retrospectively assessed the prevalence and correlates of self-reported kidney stones within the Black Women’s Health Study (BWHS). Descriptive statistics and multivariable logistic regression models were used to explore factors associated with nephrolithiasis. As of the 2005 follow-up questionnaire, a cumulative total of 1063 women among 43,178 reported ever being diagnosed with kidney stones for a prevalence of 2.64%. Women with a history of nephrolithiasis were older, slightly heavier, and were more likely to have a comorbid condition (e.g., type-2 diabetes, gallstones), drink alcohol, and consume a Western-style diet. A history of gallstone disease was associated with an odds ratio (OR) of 3.59 (95% confidence interval (CI) 3.09–4.17). The OR for consuming ≥ 7 alcoholic beverages/week, compared to none was 0.61 (0.39–0.94), while the OR for high adherence to the Western diet, compared to low adherence was 1.53 (1.23–1.90). Our findings are consistent with previous studies of primarily white populations relating lifestyle-associated risk factors with nephrolithiasis. Despite their lower prevalence of kidney stones, it is important to focus on vulnerable populations such as Black women given their disproportionate burden of metabolic conditions (e.g., obesity, diabetes) related to kidney stone disease.
Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is the primary cause of mortality among diabetic patients. With the increasing prevalence of diabetes, it has become a major concern around the world. The therapeutic effect of clinical use of drugs is far from expected, and therapy choices to slow the progression of DKD remain restricted. Therefore, research on new drugs and treatments for DKD has been a hot topic in the medical field. It has been found that rhein has the potential to target the pathogenesis of DKD and has a wide range of pharmacological effects on DKD, such as anti-nephritis, decreasing blood glucose, controlling blood lipids and renal protection. In recent years, the medical value of rhein in the treatment of diabetes, DKD and renal disease has gradually attracted worldwide attention, especially its potential in the treatment of DKD. Currently, DKD can only be treated with medications from a single symptom and are accompanied by adverse effects, while rhein improves DKD with a multi-pathway and multi-target approach. Therefore, this paper reviews the therapeutic effects of rhein on DKD, and proposes solutions to the limitations of rhein itself, in order to provide valuable references for the clinical application of rhein in DKD and the development of new drugs.
Purpose Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is a common hereditary disorder and accounts for 5–10% of all cases of kidney failure. 50% of ADPKD patients reach kidney failure by the age of 58 years requiring dialysis or transplantation. Nephrectomy is performed in up to 20% of patients due to compressive symptoms, renal-related complications or in preparation for kidney transplantation. However, due to the large kidney size in ADPKD, nephrectomy can come with a considerable burden. Here we evaluate our institution’s experience of laparoscopic nephrectomy (LN) as an alternative to open nephrectomy (ON) for ADPKD patients. Materials and methods We report the results of the first 12 consecutive LN for ADPKD from August 2020 to August 2021 in our institution. These results were compared with the 12 most recent performed ON for ADPKD at the same institution (09/2017 to 07/2020). Intra- and postoperative parameters were collected and analyzed. Health related quality of life (HRQoL) was assessed using the SF36 questionnaire. Results Age, sex, and median preoperative kidney volumes were not significantly different between the two analyzed groups. Intraoperative estimated blood loss was significantly less in the laparoscopic group (33 ml (0–200 ml)) in comparison to the open group (186 ml (0–800 ml)) and postoperative need for blood transfusion was significantly reduced in the laparoscopic group ( p  = 0.0462). Operative time was significantly longer if LN was performed (158 min (85–227 min)) compared to the open procedure (107 min (56–174 min)) ( p  = 0.0079). In both groups one postoperative complication Clavien Dindo ≥ 3 occurred with the need of revision surgery. SF36 HRQol questionnaire revealed excellent postoperative quality of life after LN. Conclusion LN in ADPKD patients is a safe and effective operative procedure independent of kidney size with excellent postoperative outcomes and benefits of minimally invasive surgery. Compared with the open procedure patients profit from significantly less need for transfusion with comparable postoperative complication rates. However significant longer operation times need to be taken in account.
Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a frequent and severe complication of both COVID-19-related acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and non-COVID-19-related ARDS. The COVID-19 Critical Care Consortium (CCCC) has generated a global data set on the demographics, management and outcomes of critically ill COVID-19 patients. The LUNG-SAFE study was an international prospective cohort study of patients with severe respiratory failure, including ARDS, which pre-dated the pandemic. Methods The incidence, demographic profile, management and outcomes of early AKI in patients undergoing invasive mechanical ventilation for COVID-19-related ARDS were described and compared with AKI in a non-COVID-19-related ARDS cohort. Results Of 18,964 patients in the CCCC data set, 1699 patients with COVID-19-related ARDS required invasive ventilation and had relevant outcome data. Of these, 110 (6.5%) had stage 1, 94 (5.5%) had stage 2, 151 (8.9%) had stage 3 AKI, while 1214 (79.1%) had no AKI within 48 h of initiating invasive mechanical ventilation. Patients developing AKI were older and more likely to have hypertension or chronic cardiac disease. There were geo-economic differences in the incidence of AKI, with lower incidence of stage 3 AKI in European high-income countries and a higher incidence in patients from middle-income countries. Both 28-day and 90-day mortality risk was increased for patients with stage 2 (HR 2.00, p  < 0.001) and stage 3 AKI (HR 1.95, p  < 0.001). Compared to non-COVID-19 ARDS, the incidence of shock was reduced with lower cardiovascular SOFA score across all patient groups, while hospital mortality was worse in all groups [no AKI (30 vs 50%), Stage 1 (38 vs 58%), Stage 2 (56 vs 74%), and Stage 3 (52 vs 72%), p  < 0.001]. The time profile of onset of AKI also differed, with 56% of all AKI occurring in the first 48 h in patients with COVID-19 ARDS compared to 89% in the non-COVID-19 ARDS population. Conclusion AKI is a common and serious complication of COVID-19, with a high mortality rate, which differs by geo-economic location. Important differences exist in the profile of AKI in COVID-19 versus non-COVID-19 ARDS in terms of their haemodynamic profile, time of onset and clinical outcomes.
Clinical guidelines disagree on whether the identification of abnormal urine chemistries should occur before starting diet and medication interventions to prevent the recurrence of kidney stone events. We describe the rationale and design of the Urinary supersaturation in a Randomized trial among Individuals with Nephrolithiasis comparing Empiric versus selective therapy (URINE) study, a randomized trial comparing two multi-component interventions to improve urinary supersaturation. Participants are randomized (1:1 ratio) to the empiric or selective arm. The target sample size is 56 participants. Adults ≥ 18 years of age with idiopathic calcium stone disease and two symptomatic stone events within the previous 5 years. Exclusion criteria include systemic conditions predisposing to kidney stones and pharmacologic treatment for stone prevention at baseline. Participants in the empiric arm receive standard diet therapy recommendations, thiazide, and potassium citrate. Participants in the selective arm receive tailored diet and nutrient recommendations and medications based on baseline and 1-month follow-up of 24-h urine testing results. The primary endpoints are urinary supersaturations of calcium oxalate and calcium phosphate at 2 months of follow-up. Secondary endpoints include side effects, diet and medication adherence, and changes in 24-h urine volume, calcium, oxalate, citrate, and pH. Short-term changes in urinary supersaturation may not reflect changes in future risk of stone events. The URINE study will provide foundational data to compare the effectiveness of two prevention strategies for kidney stone disease.
Background Pre-eclampsia (PE) is a pregnancy disorder that is related to an enhanced immune response. Immune cell characteristics such as neutrophil or monocyte to lymphocyte ratios (NLR, MLR) are known to be related to kidney and liver dysfunction in hypertensive patients. Here, we aimed to analyze the correlations between NLR, MLR and platelet to lymphocyte ratio (PLR) and liver, renal and coagulation functional parameters and the impacts of these immune cell profiles to the prognostic significance in PE patients. Methods Pre-delivery hematological and biochemical parameters of 320 first-time pregnant women registered at the Obstetrics Department of Yanbian University Hospital from 2016 to 2019 were analyzed retrospectively. Patients were divided into normal pregnancy (normal, n  = 161), mild PE (mPE, n  = 28) and severe PE (sPE, n  = 131) groups according to diagnostic criteria. Pearson correlation analysis were performed and area under the curve (AUC) were conducted for the diagnostic values of NLR, MLR and PLR. Results were validated with data from the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of Seoul National University Hospital (SNUH). Results Kidney functional indexes were adversative in mPE and sPE and liver and coagulation indexes were worse in sPE compared to normal groups. Among immune cells, lymphocytes were increased in mPE and sPE patients, resulted in reduced NLR, MLR and PLR in PE groups, more significant difference were shown in sPE. NLR and PLR were associated with CREA and/or BUN negatively and positive associations were observed with total protein (TP) and albumin (ALB) in sPE. Only NLR showed positive associations with coagulation indexes (PT and APTT) in sPE. AUC analysis for NLR, MLR and PLR were 0.700, 0.656, 0.643, respectively, and NLR < 3.7 predicted hypertension (95% CI in all participants: 0.647–0.749, p  < 0.001). Blood pressure, liver, kidney and coagulation indexes were worse at cut off value (NLR < 3.7), and this was validated with the data from SNUH. Conclusion NLR could be used as an independent predictor of liver and coagulation dysfunction in PE patients. Our results may provide non-invasive and efficient way of the risk assessment among PE patients.
The incidence of nephrolithiasis is rising worldwide. Although it is a multifactorial disease, lifestyle plays a major role in its etiology. Another considerable factor could be an aberrant microbiome. In our observational single-center study, we aimed to investigate the composition of bacteria in kidney stones and urine focusing on patients with features of metabolic syndrome. Catheterized urine and kidney stones were collected prospectively from 100 consecutive patients undergoing endoscopic nephrolithotomy between 2020 and 2021 at our clinic. Microbiome composition was analyzed via 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing. Detection of bacteria was successful in 24% of the analyzed kidney stones. These patients had a prolonged length of stay compared to patients without verifiable bacteria in their stones (2.9 vs 1.5 days). Patients with features of metabolic syndrome were characterized by kidney stones colonized with classical gastrointestinal bacteria and displayed a significant enrichment of Enterococcaceae and Enterobacteriaceae. Stones of patients without features of metabolic syndrome characterized by Ureaplasma and Staphylococcaceae . Patients with bacteria in their kidney stones exhibit a longer length of stay, possibly due to more complex care. Patients presenting with features of metabolic syndrome displayed a distinct stone microbiome compared to metabolically fit patients. Understanding the role of bacteria in stone formation could enable targeted therapy, prevention of post-operative complications and new therapeutic strategies.
Background Informal caregivers (i.e. family and friends) provide essential support to people with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Many informal caregivers experience mental health problems such as anxiety and depression due to the caregiving role, and commonly have unmet psychological support needs. One potential solution is cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) self-help interventions that are less reliant on extensive involvement of healthcare professionals, which may increase access. Within the intervention development phase of the MRC framework, the study’s primary objective was to examine informal caregivers’ self-help intervention preferences (e.g. delivery format, content). Secondary objectives were to describe the informal caregiver’s situation (e.g. type of care activities) and mental health (symptoms of depression, anxiety, and stress). Methods An online cross-sectional survey conducted in the United Kingdom. Informal caregivers of adults living with CKD were recruited via social media, websites, newsletters, magazine articles, a podcast episode, and paid Facebook advertisements. The survey examined: informal caregiver characteristics; care recipient characteristics; self-help intervention preferences; and informal caregiver’s mental health using the DASS-21. Data were analysed using descriptive statistics. Results Sixty-five informal caregivers participated. The majority (85%) were female, caring for a male (77%) spouse/partner (74%). Responses indicated 58% of informal caregivers were experiencing at least mild depression. In total, 48% indicated they were likely to use a CBT self-help intervention, preferring an intervention provided via internet (e.g. website) (64%), workbook (56%), or individually in-person (54%). Regarding content, interventions should cover a wide range of topics including living with CKD, support services, informal caregiver’s physical health, and diet. Overall, 48% reported a preference for a supported intervention, with support delivered in-person or via email by a trained professional at a community organisation. Conclusions Results suggest CBT self-help interventions may be an acceptable way to provide psychological support to informal caregivers, however the study is limited by the small sample size. A wide range of intervention preferences were identified indicating a need to tailor intervention content and delivery to enhance acceptability and engagement. Results will inform development of a CBT self-help intervention for informal caregivers of people with CKD.
Background The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is between 10 and 15% worldwide. Ethiopia is seeing a consistent increase in the number of dialysis patients. Patients on chronic hemodialysis have high mortality rates, but there is little information available in Ethiopia. Thus, this study looked into patient mortality and the factors that contributed to it at three dialysis centers in Addis Ababa for hemodialysis patients. Method A facility-based retrospective follow-up study was employed among End-Stage Renal Disease patients on hemodialysis from 2016 to 2020 at St. Paul Millennium Medical College (SPMMC), Zewditu Memorial Hospital (ZMH), and Menelik II Hospital. The proportional hazard assumption was checked by using the Log (-log (St)) plots and tests. Life-table analysis was fitted to estimate the one and five-year’s survival probability of these patients and Cox Proportional regression analysis to model the predictors of mortality at p -value < 0.05. Result Over the course of 2772 person-months, 139 patients were tracked. Of these patients, 88 (63.3%) were male and the mean age (± SD) of the patients was 36.8 (± 11.9) years. During the follow-up period, 24 (17%) of the patients died, 67 (48.2%) were alive, 43 (30.9%) received a kidney transplant, and 5 (3.6%) were lost to follow-up. The mean survival time was 46.2 months (95% CI: 41.8, 50.5). According to estimates, there were 104 deaths per 1000 person-years at the end of the follow-up period. The likelihood that these patients would survive for one and 5 years was 91%% and 65%, respectively. Our analysis showed that patients with hypertension (Adjusted Hazard Rate (AHR) = 4.33; 95% CI: 1.02, 34.56), cardiovascular disease (AHR = 4.69; 95% CI: 1.32, 16.80), and infection during dialysis (AHR = 3.89; 95% CI: 1.96, 13.80) were more likely to die. Conclusion The hemodialysis patients' death rate in the chosen dialysis facilities was high. Preventing and treating comorbidities and complications during dialysis would probably reduce the mortality of CKD patients. Furthermore, the best way to avoid and manage chronic kidney disease is to take a complete and integrated approach to manage hypertension, diabetes, and obesity.
Background There is no predictive tool for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with acute kidney injury (AKI). Our study aimed to establish an effective nomogram model for predicting mortality in T2DM patients with AKI. Method Data on T2DM patients with AKI were obtained from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care III. 70% and 30% of the patients were randomly selected as the training and validation cohorts, respectively. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify factors associated with death in T2DM patients with AKI. Factors significantly associated with survival outcomes were used to construct a nomogram predicting 90-day mortality. The nomogram effect was evaluated by receiver operating characteristic curve analysis, Hosmer‒Lemeshow test, calibration curve, and decision curve analysis (DCA). Results There were 4375 patients in the training cohort and 1879 in the validation cohort. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that age, BMI, chronic heart failure, coronary artery disease, malignancy, stages of AKI, white blood cell count, blood urea nitrogen, arterial partial pressure of oxygen and partial thromboplastin time were independent predictors of patient survival. The results showed that the nomogram had a higher area under the curve value than the sequential organ failure assessment score and simplified acute physiology score II. The Hosmer‒Lemeshow test and calibration curve suggested that the nomogram had a good calibration effect. The DCA curve showed that the nomogram model had good clinical application value. Conclusion The nomogram model accurately predicted 90-day mortality in T2DM patients with AKI. It may provide assistance for clinical decision-making and treatment, thereby reducing the medical burden.
Inorganic phosphate (Pi) is an essential component of many biologically important molecules such as DNA, RNA, ATP, phospholipids, or apatite. It is required for intracellular phosphorylation signaling events and acts as pH buffer in intra- and extracellular compartments. Intestinal absorption, uptake into cells, and renal reabsorption depend on a set of different phosphate transporters from the SLC20 (PiT transporters) and SLC34 (NaPi transporters) gene families. The physiological relevance of these transporters is evident from rare monogenic disorders in humans affecting SLC20A2 (Fahr’s disease, basal ganglia calcification), SLC34A1 (idiopathic infantile hypercalcemia), SLC34A2 (pulmonary alveolar microlithiasis), and SLC34A3 (hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets with hypercalciuria). SLC34 transporters are inhibited by millimolar concentrations of phosphonoformic acid or arsenate while SLC20 are relatively resistant to these compounds. More recently, a series of more specific and potent drugs have been developed to target SLC34A2 to reduce intestinal Pi absorption and to inhibit SLC34A1 and/or SLC34A3 to increase renal Pi excretion in patients with renal disease and incipient hyperphosphatemia. Also, SLC20 inhibitors have been developed with the same intention. Some of these substances are currently undergoing preclinical and clinical testing. Tenapanor, a non-absorbable Na^+/H^+-exchanger isoform 3 inhibitor, reduces intestinal Pi absorption likely by indirectly acting on the paracellular pathway for Pi and has been tested in several phase III trials for reducing Pi overload in patients with renal insufficiency and dialysis.
The polycystic kidney and hepatic disease 1 ( PKHD1 ) gene located on chromosome 6p12 encodes for a large transmembrane protein called fibrocystin. Biallelic pathogenic variants in this gene cause autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD). ARPKD often leads to both early-onset polycystic kidney disease as well as congenital hepatic fibrosis. In addition to the early onset phenotypes, some patients present much later with adult-onset liver involvement which is often labeled as Caroli’s syndrome. The kidney phenotype can resemble medullary sponge kidney disease with nephrolithiasis as well as atypical cystic kidney disease. Here, we present two families, each with 2 affected siblings, where the presenting liver and kidney features were variable among the siblings, with presentations including late-onset liver phenotypes, kidney features which had been labeled as medullary sponge kidney, and cystic kidney disease. Molecular genetic investigations identified biallelic pathogenic variants in PKHD1 in the affected siblings, including a novel nonsense allele. These cases emphasize the adult-onset and variable and sometimes discordant phenotypes that may be observed with PKHD1 biallelic pathogenic variants.
Background Intrinsic capacity (IC) is a novel concept focusing on normal and healthy aging. The effect of IC on the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD) according to KDIGO category in older type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients has rarely been studied. We investigated whether a decline in IC is associated with the risk of CKD according to KDIGO 2012 categories. Methods This is a cross-sectional study. The exposure variables (IC score and body mass index) and outcome variable (KDIGO categories of the risk of CKD) were collected at the same timepoint. A total of 2482 older subjects with T2DM managed through a disease care program were enrolled. The five domains of IC, namely locomotion, cognition, vitality, sensory, and psychological capacity were assessed. Based on these domains, the IC composite score was calculated. CKD risk was classified according to the KDIGO 2012 CKD definition. Univariate and multivariate analyses were used to assess the association between IC score and KDIGO categories of risk of CKD. Results The KDIGO CKD risk category increased in parallel with IC score (p for trend < 0.0001). In multivariate analysis, compared to those with an IC score 0, the odds ratio of having a KDIGO moderately increased to very high risk category of CKD was 1.76 (1.31–2.37) times higher for those with an IC score of 2–5. Furthermore, an increased IC score was associated with a higher prevalence of moderate and severe obesity. Moreover, there was a synergistic interaction between IC score and obesity on the KDIGO moderately increased to very high risk category of CKD (synergy index = 1.683; 95% CI 0.630–3.628), and the proportion of the KDIGO moderately increased to very high risk category of CKD caused by this interaction was 25.6% (attributable proportion of interaction = 0.256). Conclusions Our findings indicate that IC score may be closely related to the KDIGO moderately increased to very high risk category of CKD. In addition, there may be a synergistic interaction between IC score and obesity, and this synergistic interaction may increase the KDIGO CKD risk stage.
This chapter describes the pathway of the kidney from its retrieval, transportation, arriving to the recipient hospital to preparation for transplantation. It looks at the different ways of kidney transport, preparing for transportation. Inspection of the kidney (back table) step by step lists the differences in preparing the right and left kidney for transplantation. In this chapter you can read all the surgical techniques of reconstruction of the renal veins and arteries and IVC. As for the prolongation of IVC, in this chapter we can familiarize ourselves with two techniques: manual and using a vascular stapler or a normal stapler with a vascular cartridge. The chapter deals not only with the detailed preparation of the kidney and its vessels, but also devotes a lot of time to preparing the ureter for transplantation including so-called “the golden triangle”, which depends on the arterial vascularization. In this chapter, the reader learns about various surgical techniques for controlling the tightness of the renal vessels, ureter and renal pelvis. The chapter ends with the assessment of the patch of the abdominal aorta and the ostium of each renal artery depending on the intensity of the abdominal aortic wall atherosclerosis.
Here a detailed surgical technique of kidney transplantation will be presented. The chapter begins with the positioning of the patient on the operating table and then discusses the most common incisions used in kidney transplantation today. Kidney transplantation to the right and left side of the iliac fossa and the differences associated with it are discussed in detail. The anastomosis of the renal vein(s) with one of the iliac veins or with the inferior vena cava is discussed step by step. Step by step, anastomosis between the renal artery or arteries and one of the iliac arteries is discussed. The chapter concludes with step-by-step descriptions surgical technique of ureter implantation into wall of the urinary bladder—own modified Lich—Gregoir (LG) technique. The chapter concludes by presenting some very difficult case author’s own experiences—difficult cases of kidney transplantation as well as surgical technique of kidney transplantation with two ureters. A detailed description and drawings of surgical techniques for transplanting two kidneys from one donor into one recipient is the last of the topics covered in this chapter. Conclusion : A perfect kidney transplant depends on many factors, some of the most important are: the preparation of the kidney, incision, the best positioning of the kidney, the execution of vascular anastomoses and the anastomosis of the ureter with the urinary bladder with the decompression of the anastomosis with the JJ catheter. The use of a post-operative drain is at the surgeon’s choice. Good suturing of the wound prevents infection and dehiscence of the wound in the early postoperative period and in the later period prevents the formation of a postoperative hernia.
This chapter presents step-by-step non-laparoscopic surgical techniques for kidney procurement from living donors and deceased donors. It begins by discussing, the surgical techniques of retrieving kidneys from a deceased donor during a multi- organ procurement. The chapter presents his own modified rapid surgical technique for only kidneys procurement from different types of donors. Kidney-only technique leading to an improved exposure, better cold perfusion and topical cooling. Herein chapter shows step by step how total bowel evisceration can be achieved by stapling the hepatic hilum, superior mesenteric artery and coeliac trunk. Further they are also presented in the chapter comparisons of general principles of abdominal organ procurement from the Donors after Circulatory Death (DCD) and Donors after Brain Death. In comparison, particular attention was paid to same steps during different time periods and attempt to undertake the standardization of surgical techniques. Surgical technique for living kidney donation—minimally invasive, open retroperitoneal approach ends this chapter with a description of the surgical technique of donating kidneys from a living donor as a next surgical technique. Conclusion : Each surgical technique for kidney procurement should be adapted to the type of donor. The best surgical technique is the one which in the hands of the surgeon after retrieval gives the least number of complications and surgical damage to the kidney thereby increasing its quality, and the length of survival of the recipient.
Chronic kidney disease is common among patients with diabetes, occurring in 20–40% of the diabetic population. Both diabetes and chronic kidney disease increase morbidity and mortality in patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), while COVID-19 affects glucose homeostasis and can result in kidney injury through various pathways. Medications such as angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEI), angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT-2 inhibitors) are commonly used for the treatment of diabetic nephropathy. Their role in diabetic kidney disease (DKD) during COVID-19 is unclear. In addition, DKD is a common cause of end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) leading to kidney transplantation. Due to underlying risk factors and immunosuppression, these patients have an increased risk for severe COVID-19. This chapter will review the complex interplay between COVID-19 and the kidney, with a focus on patients with DKD and kidney transplantation.
Background Infants with a solitary functioning kidney (SFK) are at risk for chronic kidney injury (CKI). Lack of compensatory kidney growth (CKG) is associated with CKI, but measuring CKG is challenging since it is typically reported relative to normal kidneys. This study aims to (1) standardize SFK growth in infants, (2) investigate the relationship between standardized kidney length and clinical outcomes, and (3) use these results to develop a risk-based prediction model and local clinical pathway for SFK care. Methods This was a quality improvement study of 166 infants with an SFK. Linear regression was used to assess kidney growth from 0 to 180 days of life. Univariate binary regression analysis was used to identify kidney length to body length thresholds associated with the development of CKI, defined as the composite outcome of chronic kidney disease (eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2), hypertension, or proteinuria. Results Kidneys grew in length from 0 to 180 days, and growth was constant when standardized to body length. Over follow-up, infants with a baseline kidney length to body length ≤ 0.088 were more likely to experience CKI than the rest of the cohort (27 vs. 8%, p  = 0.04). Kidney length to body length ≤ 0.088 was also significantly associated with CKI development (OR 4.17, 95% CI 1.14–15.28, p  = 0.04). Conclusions In this study, kidney length to body length ratio was a stable CKG metric over 0–180 days, and a baseline ratio ≤ 0.088 was a risk factor for CKI. Results will aid in developing a practical, point-of-care risk assessment tool, and overarching risk-stratified clinical pathway for infants with an SFK. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information
Children with CKD and their family or caregivers will experience complex decisions on timing of kidney replacement therapy initiation and treatment modality choice that may significantly impact kidney health and psychosocial adjustment. Timely discussions regarding planning of kidney replacement therapy should be multidisciplinary including patients and their family or caregivers, the pediatric nephrology team, but also surgeons, specialized nurses, dieticians, psychologists, and social workers. Preemptive kidney transplantation, preferably with living donation, should be considered as the first option for children without contraindication to transplant. For the majority of children with end-stage kidney disease who will require dialysis prior to kidney transplantation, discussions of the available options including their advantages and disadvantages should be conducted and the dialysis modality should be ideally chosen with timely and shared decision-making between the multidisciplinary team, the patients and their family or caregivers.
Purpose Differentiating between diabetic kidney disease (DKD) and non-diabetic kidney disease (NDKD) in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is important due to implications on treatment and prognosis. Clinical methods to accurately distinguish DKD from NDKD are lacking. We aimed to develop and validate a novel nomogram to predict DKD in patients with T2DM and proteinuric kidney disease to guide decision for kidney biopsy. Methods A hundred and two patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) who underwent kidney biopsy from 1st January 2007 to 31st December 2016 were analysed. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to identify predictive variables and construct a nomogram. The discriminative ability of the nomogram was assessed by calculating the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC), while calibration was assessed using the Hosmer–Lemeshow goodness-of-fit test and calibration plot. Internal validation of the nomogram was assessed using bootstrap resampling. Results Duration of T2DM, HbA1c, absence of hematuria, presence of diabetic retinopathy and absence of positive systemic biomarkers were found to be independent predictors of DKD in multivariate analysis and were represented as a nomogram. The nomogram showed excellent discrimination, with a bootstrap-corrected C statistic of 0.886 (95% CI 0.815–0.956). Both the calibration curve and the Hosmer–Lemeshow goodness-of-fit test ( p  = 0.242) showed high degree of agreement between the prediction and actual outcome, with the bootstrap bias-corrected curve similarly indicating excellent calibration. Conclusions A novel nomogram incorporating 5 clinical parameters is useful in predicting DKD in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with proteinuric kidney disease.
It is known that impaired kidney function leads to a deterioration of human health and quality of life. Modern medicine offers a method of computed tomography (CT) for the diagnosis of various types of renal pathology. At the same time, the risk of incorrect diagnosis by a doctor is still high, even with wide practical experience. The quality of CT scan analysis can be significantly improved by Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). This paper represents a construction of a CNN for the task of multiple classification of renal pathology, as well as a modification of the algorithm using a variety of activation functions.
Kidney disease registries are health surveillance systems that provide valuable information to inform the planning of nephrology services and to argue for better resource allocation. Registries can also be used to evaluate the delivery and quality of care and monitor the impact of interventions. Most registries report on patients with kidney failure who are treated with dialysis or transplantation—there are few countries with registries for chronic kidney disease or acute kidney injury. In this chapter, we provide a brief overview of renal registries in different parts of the world, describe the elements involved in establishing a renal registry, consider the research questions which could be effectively addressed by renal registries and describe examples of the impact of registry data on clinical practice and access to kidney care.
Much of what we know about the physiology of blood pressure regulation and the pathogenesis, and treatment of human hypertension has been derived from studies in other animal species. This chapter presents a variety of models of experimental hypertension with the intent of providing a background for the interested reader. Many models explore normal and abnormal physiology without genetic manipulation but rather by surgery, infusion of medications, alterations in diet, and application of stressful conditions. In other models, inbreeding or genetic manipulation produces increased (or decreased) blood pressure. Understanding these models may be helpful both for carrying out research and for evaluating published studies.
Early in life, patients with sickle cell anemia are at high risk for the development of hyposthenuria, enuresis, and hyperfiltration. Importantly, sickle cell patients are at risk for the development of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease, often starting in the first or second decade. Patients with CKD have poor outcomes, and access to kidney transplant remains a barrier. Patients require annual monitoring for CKD by screening for albuminuria starting no later than 10 years of age. In addition to glomerular disease, patients with sickle cell anemia are at risk for the development of renal papillary necrosis and tubular dysfunction, which leads to a variety of complications, including polyuria, nocturnal enuresis and impaired excretion of acid and potassium.
With the rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes amongst the general population worldwide, the incidence of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is also increasing. Identification of cases which are likely to progress, and early intervention may help control the rising tide of ESKD due to DKD. The prevention of ESKD due to diabetes may help reduce the cost of therapy in already burdened healthcare systems, and morbidity and mortality for the patient.
This chapter reviews acid–base disorders in acute kidney injury, chronic kidney disease, hemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis, and kidney transplantation. Usually, high-anion metabolic acidosis is found in most of these kidney diseases. Also, hyperchloremic metabolic acidosis metabolic alkalosis, respiratory alkalosis, or respiratory acidosis may coexist with anion gap metabolic acidosis. The pathophysiology of these acid–base disorders in the above mentioned kidney disease conditions, their adverse effects, and their management are presented.
Pregnancy can be complicated with acute or chronic kidney disease (CKD). It can affect pregnancy outcome. Acute kidney injury (AKI) can occur with numerous conditions. The most frequent one is AKI in preeclampsia/eclampsia with or without HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets) syndrome. The course of pregnancy with CKD depends on CKD stage, underlying disease or other factors. It is associated with pregnancy complications such as preterm delivery, intrauterine growth restriction, preeclampsia, and anemia. Conception is rare in advanced CKD. Pregnancy after kidney transplantation can be planned and requires preconception immunosuppressant correction. Severe preeclampsia, disseminated intravascular coagulation or severe renal failure warrant urgent delivery.
Excessive accumulation of fluid may result in interstitial edema and multiorgan dysfunction. Over the past few decades, the detrimental impact of fluid overload has been further defined in adult and pediatric populations. Growing evidence highlights the importance of monitoring, preventing, managing, and treating fluid overload appropriately. Translating this knowledge to neonates is difficult as they have different disease pathophysiologies, and because neonatal physiology changes rapidly postnatally in many of the organ systems (i.e., skin, kidneys, and cardiovascular, pulmonary, and gastrointestinal). Thus, evaluations of the optimal targets for fluid balance need to consider the disease state as well as the gestational and postmenstrual age of the infant. Integration of what is known about neonatal fluid overload with individual alterations in physiology is imperative in clinical management. This comprehensive review will address what is known about the epidemiology and pathophysiology of neonatal fluid overload and highlight the known knowledge gaps. Finally, we provide clinical recommendations for monitoring, prevention, and treatment of fluid overload.
In today’s world, mammalian cell cultures are used to understand various physiological and pathophysiological cell signaling events related to normal as well as various diseased cells such as cancer cells and others. Besides, mammalian cells such as Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells, baby hamster kidney (BHK) cells, human embryonic kidney (HEK) cells, African green monkey kidney (COS) cells, NSO cells, HT1080 cell, and PER-C6 cells (many others too) as well as their culture products (various recombinant proteins) have widespread use in biotechnology, pharmacology, and medicine. The major usefulness of cultured mammalian cells and their products described in this chapter include (i) use as a model system for physiological and pathophysiological studies; (ii) use in experimental drug/toxin research; (iii) use in vaccine production, particularly against pathogenic viruses; (iv) use for various recombinant protein production; (v) in cell therapy; and finally (vi) in gene therapy. The various mammalian cell culture recombinant DNA products described in this chapter are tissue plasminogen activator, urokinase, follicle-stimulating hormone, blood clotting factor VIII, and erythropoietin. All these recombinant proteins exhibit widespread significance in the medical field. In comparison, cell and gene therapy are new fields and their success against various human diseases is substantially in the initial stages.
This chapter provides a basic knowledge of the anatomy and physiology of the kidney, ureter and urinary bladder. The most congenital anomalies of the kidney will be discussed, along with topics such as anomalies of the collecting system, solitary kidney and kidney migration. The section on kidney function presents in a very accessible way the topics of kidney physiology needed by a transplant and procurement surgeon not only in his daily work, such as; qualifying patients for kidney donation, transplantation, retrieval, but also in the treatment of complications. Anatomical anomalies of arteries, renal veins and inferior vena cava will be briefly presented, since knowledge of their quantity and position plays a huge role in kidney retrieval and transplantation. At the end of the chapter, very useful information supplementing the knowledge about the rest of the urinary system, i.e. in this case very compact information on the anatomy and physiology of the ureters and the bladder.
The technology of Hemodialysis remains the cornerstone of kidney replacement therapy, and globally the most widely practiced modality in end stage kidney disease. An understanding of the core principles of the therapy, and its advances, is fundamental to ensuring safety, high standards of practice, and quality-assured treatment delivery.
Older adolescents (aged 16–19 years) account for 36% of emergency department admissions, and 20% of those receiving inpatient care under adult medical services of all specialties in the UK (Albon L, Vaughan L, Clin Med 14; 618–22, 2015). Kidney disease, which can manifest due to multiple different factors, can complicate a significant proportion of these acute admissions. Furthermore, improved survival amongst infants and children with complex metabolic diseases and congenital disorders, small-for-dates and premature infants, as well as those with sickle cell disease and HIV has led to increased numbers of adolescent patients transferring from paediatric to adult services, again not infrequently complicated by kidney disease. When compared with other adults, young people often report feeling less involved, lower confidence and satisfaction with their care, and less trust in their doctors. They also tend to perceive that they are treated with less respect and dignity by staff than their younger, and older counterparts (Hargreaves DS, Viner RM, Arch Dis Child 97:661–6, 2012). Whilst it has long been recognised that paediatric kidney care is more individualised when compared with adult kidney care, the development of transitional care pathways for kidney patients has only recently become a particular focus, since it has become clearer that young adult patient perceptions appear to reflect the same observation: that they frequently feel ill-prepared for the rather less personalised nature of adult kidney care. This poor patient experience appears directly related to poorer patient outcomes for the young adult age group aged 16–29 years, amongst whom one might otherwise expect that a relatively lower burden of disease, and fewer comorbidities ought to translate to fewer significant healthcare issues. Here, we explore transitional kidney care for adolescents and young adults, for those with acute, chronic and other kidney diseases, as well as those requiring kidney replacement therapy (KRT). Specific treatment guidelines are outlined in other sections of this book.
A novel class of oral glucose lowering drugs, sodium-glucose co-transporter type 2 inhibitors (SGLT2is), has shown additional beneficial effects on body weight, serum uric acid levels, blood pressure, and cardiac and renal function. Conflicting data have been published regarding the potential risk of acute kidney injury (AKI) when using SGLT2is. Aim of this manuscript was to review the current literature on this issue. SGLT2is induce a mild acute decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate, attributed to the effect of proximal tubular natriuresis on tubuloglomerular feedback through increased macula densa sodium delivery, leading to afferent arteriole vasoconstriction and reduced intraglomerular pressure. This functional effect with a subsequent rise in serum creatinine fulfills the creatinine-based criteria for AKI, as defined in clinical practice and trial settings. Other proposed potential mechanisms as to how SGLT2is lead to AKI include osmotic diuresis leading to volume depletion, increased urinary uric acid levels, intratubular oxidative stress, local inflammation and tubular injury. Despite the warning published by the US Food and Drug Administration in 2016 about a potential risk of AKI and the report of some clinical cases of AKI after treatment with SGLT2is, large observational real-life retrospective studies, randomized controlled trials and propensity-matched analyses of data from clinical practice unambiguously demonstrate that SGLT2is are safe for the kidney and do not predispose to AKI. In conclusion, while we can probably stop worrying about AKI risk when using SGLT2is, the question whether these agents should be withheld in the presence of clinical situations at high risk for AKI remains unaddressed. Graphical abstract 
Peritoneal dialysis as chronic renal replacement therapy requires an organization to cover all relevant aspects needed to perform the treatment according to quality standards. The day-to-day management of such program is usually performed by the nursing team. In this chapter, a review is given of important issues of organization and management. These include the structure and function of a PD program, standard operating procedures, the interdisciplinary healthcare team, patient intake, patient education and training, patient follow-up, long-term management, and a program for quality improvement.
Background Limited data are available on the survival and causes of death in pediatric patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 5 receiving kidney replacement therapy (KRT) in Asia. Methods Data were obtained from the Japanese nationwide cross-sectional CKD stage 5 survey on pediatric patients (<20 years of age) who started KRT from 2006 to 2013. The cohort was divided into three groups according to age at the start of KRT: <1, 1–5, and 6–19 years. Results Among the 701 children who were included, 59.3% were boys. Peritoneal dialysis was the most common initial modality of KRT (60.3%). Median age at KRT initiation was 10.2 years. Infants (<1 year old) accounted for 16.0% of the total cohort. Overall survival at 1 and 5 years was 97.2% and 92.5%, respectively. Infants had significantly lower survival rates than the other groups (hazard ratio, 5.35; 95% CI, 2.60–11.03; P < 0.001). In contrast, after the age of 1 year, the survival rate improved and did not differ from that of other age groups. The most common causes of death were infection (35.9%) and sudden death (15.4%). Conclusions The overall survival rate of pediatric patients with CKD stage 5 in Japan is like that in other high-income countries. Age at initiation of KRT is an important factor affecting survival since the poorest survival rate was observed in infants. Further improvement in infant dialysis therapy is still needed to improve survival of the youngest children. Graphical Abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Hypertension in children after kidney transplantation is an important risk factor not only for graft loss but also for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The prevalence of posttransplant HTN ranges between 60% and 90%. The etiology of posttransplant HTN is multifactorial – chronic native kidney disease, immunosuppressive therapy, and chronic allograft dysfunction are the most common causes. Office blood pressure (BP) should be measured at each outpatient visit; however, ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) is the best method for BP evaluation in children after kidney transplantation, as it often discloses masked and nocturnal HTN; given this, it should be regularly performed in every transplanted child. All classes of antihypertensive drugs are used in the treatment of posttransplant HTN because it has never been proven that one class would be better than another. However, in several retrospective studies, the use of calcium channel blockers was associated with better graft function. Evening medication administration can improve the nocturnal hypertension. The target BP for transplant children is still a matter of debate; it is recommended to target the same BP as for healthy children, i.e., <95th percentile. Lower target BP does not seem to be beneficial. Control of HTN in transplanted children still remains poor – only 20–50% of treated children have normal BP. There is a great potential for the improvement of antihypertensive treatment that could potentially result in the improvement of both graft and patient survival in children after kidney transplantation.
An acute cardiac event leading to acute kidney injury (AKI) is called cardiorenal syndrome type 1 (CRS-1). Depending on the underlying cardiac disorder, the pathophysiology and hence management of CRS-1 can be different. CRS-1 is frequent in patients with acute heart failure and in patients following cardiac surgery and has a negative impact on prognosis. Congestion and perfusion state is essential in the pathogenesis of CRS-1. Other contributing factors are activation of neurohormonal pathways and induction of inflammatory cascades. Defining CRS-1 in this specific population is challenging due to several limitations. Differentiation between functional AKI, subclinical AKI, and true AKI, based on biomarker assessment, should be targeted in further research. Management of CRS-1 in acute heart failure and after cardiac surgery should primarily focus on hemodynamic optimization which should be tailored to the main mechanism of cardiac dysfunction. Effective and complete decongestion together with achieving normal perfusion will stabilize CRS-1 in most cases. Renal replacement therapy (RRT) is seldom needed and its initiation is based on classic indications of hyperkalemia, metabolic acidosis, and diuretic-resistant fluid overload. Interruptions in goal-directed medical heart failure treatment should be minimized. Other causes of AKI in this patient population should be excluded and treated.
Sarcoidosis is a systemic inflammatory disease of unknown etiology. The pathogenesis rests on an aberrant T cell response to unidentified antigens in individuals predisposed by genetic and environmental factors. Increased expression of polarized macrophages and disequilibrium between effector and regulator T cells contribute to the formation of noncaseating granulomas, that are frequently found in affected organs. The main kidney abnormalities in sarcoidosis are granulomatous interstitial nephritis (GIN) and hypercalcemia-related disorders. The clinical diagnosis is difficult. The outcome is variable, ranging from spontaneous remission to end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Early diagnosis and prompt treatment with corticosteroids can improve the prognosis. Hypercalcemia may be responsible for acute kidney injury (AKI) caused by vasoconstriction of afferent arterioles. Complications of persistent hypercalcemia include nephrocalcinosis and renal stones. In patients with ESKD, dialysis and transplantation can offer results comparable to those observed in patients with other causes of kidney failure. Based on a review of the literature, we present an overview of the etiopathogenesis, the renal manifestations of sarcoidosis and their complications, management and prognosis.
Background Mean corpuscular volume (MCV) and red cell distribution width (RDW), as well hemoglobin, are reported to be associated with mortality in various populations. However, associations between such hematological parameters and adverse outcomes in patients with CKD have not been sufficiently elucidated. Methods A total of 1,320 participants enrolled in the Fukushima CKD Cohort Study were examined to investigate associations between hematological parameters of anemia (MCV and RDW) and adverse outcomes, such as ESKD, all-cause death, and cardiovascular events, in patients with non-dialysis-dependent CKD. Baseline hematological parameters were grouped as follows: hemoglobin into 3 categories (< 11.0 g/dL, 11.0 ≤  −  < 13.0 g/dL [reference], and ≥ 13.0 g/dL); MCV into 5 categories (< 90 fL, ≥ 90 – < 94 fL [reference], ≥ 94 −  < 98 fL, ≥ 98 −  < 102 fL, and ≥ 102 fL); and RDW into 2 categories (< 13.6% [reference] vs ≥ 13.6%). Results During the median observational period of 4.7 years, 120 patients developed ESKD, 160 developed cardiovascular events, and 122 died. Hemoglobin < 11 g/dL (hazard ratio [HR] 1.56, 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.00–2.42), MCV < 90 fL (HR 2.01, 95% CI 1.14–3.54), and RDW ≥ 13.6% (HR 1.57, 95% CI 1.01–2.42) were significantly associated with higher risks of ESKD. Hemoglobin < 11 g/dL, MCV ≥ 98 fL, and RDW ≥ 13.6% were significantly associated with higher risks of all-cause death. No significant associations between hematological parameters and risk of cardiovascular events were confirmed. Conclusion In patients with non-dialysis-dependent CKD, MCV, RDW, and hemoglobin were associated with increased risks of ESKD and all-cause mortality.
The human body is complex but very interesting to discover. The human body has many unsolved riddles which yet haven’t been answered and sometimes even astonishes scientists and doctors when something new is discovered. The whole review consists of the functionality of the kidney; it causes of dysfunction, methods of detection, replacement techniques, and kidney-on-chip. Since every organ in the human body malfunctions due to various complications in its working which leads to various diseases. About, 13% of the world’s population is affected by kidney diseases. Since replacement techniques like dialysis and kidney transplantation are costly and sometimes, not available also due to lack of donors (in case of kidney transplantation). Researchers and scientists are trying to develop the kidney’s function artificially which is termed kidney-on-chip which is a revolutionary idea.
Abstract In the latest ESUR contrast media guidelines, standard prophylaxis is no longer recommended for patients with moderate chronic kidney disease (CKD). In the absence of solid evidence, guideline updates are often based on indirect evidence and expert opinion. Likewise, evidence supporting the withdrawal of standard prophylaxis in moderate CKD patients was scarce and mostly indirect, but did include one randomised controlled trial evaluating guideline-recommended standard prophylactic intravenous hydration against a group receiving no prophylaxis (A MAastricht Contrast-Induced Nephropathy Guideline (AMACING) trial). Since then, benefits of the updated guideline recommendation for patient and hospital burden have been numerated and were shown to be substantial. The current special report provides data on long-term safety from the AMACING randomised controlled trial. Key Points • In the latest version of ESUR clinical practice guidelines for safe use of contrast media, standard prophylaxis is no longer recommended for patients with moderate chronic kidney disease. • Benefits of this change in recommendations for patient and hospital burden have been numerated. The current report provides data on long-term safety from the AMACING randomised controlled trial. • No disadvantage of withholding prophylaxis could be discerned. Results suggest that, in this population, underlying disease is more relevant for survival and prognosis than contrast administration itself.
This study aimed to compare the differences in echocardiographic and strain parameters in patients with diabetic kidney disease (DKD) and non-diabetic kidney disease (NDKD) in a cohort with pre-dialysis chronic kidney disease (CKD) and normal ejection fraction (EF). In this single-center prospective study, patients with CKD stages 3–5 and EF > 55% were included. We compared cardiac structure and function using conventional and speckle-tracking strain echocardiography among DKD and NDKD groups. Cardiovascular outcomes were assessed at the end of the study. Of the included 117 patients, 56 (47.9%) had DKD, and 61 (52.1%) had NDKD. Patients with DKD had higher ratios of early mitral inflow velocity and mitral annular early diastolic velocity (E/e’) (11.9 ± 4.4 vs. 9.8 ± 3.5; p  = 0.004), lower septal e’ velocity (7.1 ± 2.5 vs. 8.2 ± 2.8; p  = 0.031), lower lateral e’ velocity (9.2 ± 2.9 vs. 10.4 ± 3.8; p  = 0.045) and longer deceleration times (209.2 ± 41.5 vs. 189.1 ± 48.0; p  = 0.017), compared to those with NDKD. Left ventricular mass index (LVMI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), early diastolic strain rate (SR_E), and E/SR_E were similar. At a median follow-up of 239 days, 3-P MACE (11.5% vs. 4.9%; p  = 0.047) and 4-P MACE (28.6% vs. 11.5%; p  = 0.020) were observed to be higher in the DKD group. Diastolic dysfunction was more common in patients with DKD, compared to those with NDKD, although both groups had similar LVMI and GLS. Those with DKD also had poorer cardiovascular outcomes. This highlights the importance of the assessment of diastolic function in CKD, particularly in those with diabetic CKD.
Background There are various oral symptoms related to the disease and its management in individuals with chronic kidney disease (CKD). The aim of the study was to investigate the oral health status of children with different stages of CKD, kidney transplant recipients (KTR), and healthy children. Methods A total of seventy-one children diagnosed with CKD and fifty-two healthy children were included in the study. Each patient was examined for dental caries by the decayed-missing-filled-teeth (DMFT/dmft) index and the International Caries Detection and Assessment System (ICDAS-II), developmental defects of enamel (DDE) by the DDE index, and oral hygiene by the debris (DI), calculus (CI), and simplified oral hygiene (OHI-S) indices. Results The median number of DMFT/dmft was 1.00 (interquartile range (IQR):1.00–4.00) in children with stage 1–3 CKD, 0.00 ( IQR : 0.00–2.50) in stage 4–5 children, 0.00 ( IQR : 1.00–3.00) in KTR, and 8.00 ( IQR : 1.00–13.00) in healthy children. According to ICDAS-II categories, the percentage of children with severe caries was 53.8% in healthy children, while it was 44.4% in KTR, 25.9% in stage 1–3, and 11.4% in stage 4–5 children. While the percentage of children with DDE was 88.8% in KTR, 80% in stage 4–5, and 66.7% in stage 1–3 children, this rate was 44.2% in healthy children. The highest mean OHI-S score was observed in stage 4–5 children (2.10 ± 1.08), followed by KTR (1.46 ± 1.19), stage 1–3 (1.27 ± 0.61), and healthy children (0.45 ± 0.44), respectively. Conclusions Compared to healthy children, children with CKD had more debris accumulation, calculus formation, and more DDE but a lower severity of dental caries. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Background Deceased donor kidneys with acute kidney injury (AKI) are often discarded because of concerns about inferior transplant outcomes. A means of grading the quality of such kidneys is the performance of procurement biopsies. Methods This is a retrospective study of 221 brain death donors with marginal kidneys transplanted in 223 recipients in Germany. Marginal kidneys were defined as kidneys with procurement biopsies done exceptionally to assess suitability for transplantation in otherwise potentially discarded organs. The impact of deceased donor AKI on patient survival and death-censored graft survival at 1, 3 and 5 years and graft function at 1 and 3 years after transplantation was investigated. Results Recipients of kidneys with stage 3 AKI had a greater incidence of delayed graft function [DGF; OR_Stage 1: 1.435 (95% CI 0.438–0.702), OR_Stage 2: 2.463 (95% CI 0.656–9.245), OR_Stage 3: 4.784 (95% CI 1.421–16.101)] but a similar graft and patient survival compared to recipients of donors without AKI and with AKI stage 1 and 2 as well. The coexistence of recipient DGF and donor AKI was associated with the lowest graft survival and function rates. Conclusion The transplantation of deceased donor marginal kidneys with AKI confers a higher risk for DGF but is associated with acceptable graft and patient outcomes, which do not differ in comparison with marginal donor kidneys without AKI. Graft prognosis is especially poor if donor AKI and recipient DGF concur. Donor AKI was a risk factor independent of the histological lesions of procurement biopsies.
This chapter defines the stages of acute kidney injury, discusses fluid, electrolyte, and acid–base abnormalities. Also, management of these abnormalities is presented.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) still remains the leading cause of end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) worldwide, and the annual incidence rates of ESKD attributed to diabetic kidney disease (DKD) are gradually increasing worldwide. Although albuminuria was considered for decades as an essential step of DKD preceding eGFR decline, data from large epidemiologic studies showed that the reduction of eGFR might occur independently of albuminuria. Therefore, DKD in T2DM might present in two distinct clinical phenotypes, the albuminuric and the non-albuminuric form. In this chapter we provide an updated overview of the clinical epidemiology, the pathophysiologic mechanisms, the risk factors, and the novel biomarkers for the diagnosis of both DKD forms. Moreover, recent therapeutic advancements regarding the management of DKD are discussed.
The Renin-Angiotensin-Aldosterone System (RAAS), which regulates plasma sodium levels, arterial blood pressure, and extracellular volume, is a crucial component of the human body. Angiotensin II is a multifunctional effector peptide hormone that is created when the renin enzyme, which is produced by the kidneys, interacts with angiotensinogen. RAAS activation and the ensuing hypertension, cell proliferation, inflammation, and fibrosis affect every organ. Numerous acute and chronic illnesses can be brought on by an imbalance between renin and angiotensin II. The advancement of kidney disease is correlated with proteinuria and a decline in renal function. RAAS over-activity promotes the emergence of a variety of clinical diseases, including the development of chronic kidney disease (CKD). In order to reduce blood pressure and proteinuria in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD), reno preventive treatment has long depended on inhibiting the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). According to research, RAAS inhibitors play a preventive effect in both the early and late stages of kidney disease by preventing proteinuria, kidney fibrosis, and slow decline in renal function. An overview of the RAAS pathway, its function in the kidney, and RAAS pathway blocking techniques for enhancing long-term outcomes in CKD patients are covered in this chapter.
Pediatric chronic kidney disease (CKD) impacts neurocognitive development, including motor and cognitive function, intelligence (IQ), attention, memory, and academic achievement. This chapter provides a comprehensive overview of data evaluating the effects of mild to moderate pediatric CKD, dialysis, and kidney transplantation on cognitive function and development. The age of onset of CKD and the presence of CKD-associated comorbidities are perhaps the most important determinants of developmental outcome. Performance on IQ testing usually places children with CKD within the broad range of average intelligence but with a skew toward the lower end of a normal distribution and with lower performance than siblings. Executive function, memory and attention deficits are also known to occur in the pediatric CKD population. Relevant literature on neurodevelopment in genetic forms of kidney disease, neuroimaging, and the impact of more frequent hemodialysis are reviewed. Long-term educational and vocational outcomes for children diagnosed with CKD are presented, and recommendations for promoting optimal neurodevelopment and academic achievement are discussed.
Although there are many patients with diabetes and end-stage renal failure (DM/ESRD) who would benefit from a transplantation strategy that addresses both their ESRD and its underlying cause, current methods of islet and kidney transplantation using live donors have had only limited success. The first major obstacle is that the number of islets obtained from a live donor partial pancreatectomy is generally insufficient to cure diabetes in recipients, as large numbers of intraportally administered islets are lost due to ischemia before they are engrafted and vascularized in the recipient liver. To overcome this hurdle, we have developed a strategy to transplant islets as a vascularized graft. Autologous prevascularization of donor islets under the donor’s own renal capsule prior to transplantation preserves islets and thus achieves normal glycemic control in diabetic recipients in our preclinical transplant models with a limited donor pancreas resection. In addition, from an immunological perspective, the innate tolerogenic qualities of the kidney provide immunoprotection for the engrafted, vascularized islets when they are transplanted as part of the composite islet-kidney (I-K) grafts. This “Trojan Horse” approach of transplanting a composite I-K eliminates the lengthy time which is otherwise required for vascularization of intraportally administered free islets, minimizing loss of islets to ischemic damage and facilitating the induction of tolerance. We have also recently developed a strategy to further minimize the required size of resected donor pancreas to prepare composite I-K graft using a novel, synthesized, small interfering RNA (siRNA)–nanoparticle probe. In this chapter, we introduce our living donor transplantation strategy to cure diabetic nephropathy using composite I-K graft.
An abnormality of the urinary tract is identified in 1–2% of pregnancies, depending on the sonographic criteria. The most common abnormality is pyelectasis or hydronephrosis. At 20 weeks gestation, an anterior-posterior renal pelvic diameter (APRPD) <4 mm is normal and at 32 weeks an APRPD < 7 mm is normal. Renal abnormalities are more common in the third trimester, when the fetal urine output is higher. A multidisciplinary consensus conference established criteria for assigning risk to both antenatal and postnatal hydronephrosis using the urinary tract dilation (UTD) system. In utero, ultrasound (US) is beneficial in recognizing abnormalities of the fetal urinary tract but usually, definitive diagnosis is delayed until postnatal evaluation is performed. In the fetus with bilateral hydronephrosis and oligohydramnios, renal cortical cysts, hypertonic fetal urine, and elevated fetal urinary beta 2-microglobulin are unfavorable prognostic indices. In most fetuses with antenatal hydronephrosis, postnatal imaging is delayed for 96 h because of neonatal oliguria, which might underestimate the severity of hydronephrosis. Overall, approximately 10% ultimately undergo surgical intervention, 70% have nonobstructive hydronephrosis and undergo serial US until the hydronephrosis resolves and 20% undergo more extensive imaging and continue to be followed without intervention.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) processes have been researched extensively regarding their etiopathology. Nevertheless, AKI- and CKD-associated morbidity and mortality have grown in recent years. Natural bioactives are increasingly being investigated as alternative medicines and nutritional supplements for addressing renal pathologies in humans and animals. In addition, natural bioactives have recently been acknowledged as an alternate source for treating renal pathologies due to their traditional practice and multi-target prophylactic and therapeutic properties. Ganoderma bioactives have diverse bio-targets and numerous pharmacodynamic actions that can avoid nephron insults and therefore be utilized to treat various kidney pathologies. Ganoderma lucidum , an efficient medication and valuable food, is recognized as one of the most highly valued traditional Chinese medicines owing to its ability to improve human health. G. lucidum has been used as a nutraceutical and alternative medicine for ages to promote health and treat various ailments. Also, G. lucidum prevents and treats numerous kidney disorders due to its pharmacokinetic and therapeutic beneficial properties, such as antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, antitumor, and other pharmacodynamic actions. This chapter analyzes several studies and provides insights into G. lucidum ’s nephroprotective activities.
This chapter describes the culture of various continuous cell lines. Continuous cell lines are generated either due to specific genetic or epigenetic alterations in the genome of certain cells. The reasons for genetic alterations are the manifestation of spontaneous or induced mutations via radiations and chemical or biological agents such as viruses. In the experimental laboratory conditions, continuous cell lines can be generated by a viral infection, biochemical agents, or radiations. This chapter discusses the culture of major mammalian continuous/cancer cell lines, including breast cancer cell line ( MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 cell), ovarian cancer cell line ( CHO cells), prostate cancer cell line ( LNCaP and PC3 cells), cancer cell lines originating from the female cervix ( HeLa cells), lung cancer cell lines ( A549 and BEAS-2B cells), kidney cancer cell lines ( HEK-293 and VERO cells), liver cancer cell lines ( HepG2 cells), and blood cancer cell lines ( JURKAT and RAW cells). While some of the abovementioned cancer cell lines are isolated directly from various cancer patients, others are experimentally generated in the laboratory. The knowledge gained from this chapter would help to understand the culture and regular maintenance of the abovementioned continuous cell lines and in the development of various anticancer agents.
Posterior urethral valves (PUV) is the most common congenital cause of lower urinary tract obstruction (LUTO), accounting for over half (57%) of all reported cases. The large majority of patients with PUV are diagnosed soon after birth or in the first year of life following investigations for an antenatally detected hydronephrosis or urinary tract infection. After birth, an ultrasound of the urinary tract, a voiding cystourethrogram (VCUG), and a diuretic renogram will help to differentiate PUV from other causes of bladder outlet obstruction and upper urinary tract dilatation. On VCUG, the posterior urethra will typically appear dilated and elongated, ending with a U-shape at the membranous urethra. Prenatal intervention of LUTO supports the utility of a risk stratification to guide fetal intervention. Neonatal management of a newborn with suspected PUV includes a period of stabilization with adequate bladder drainage, rehydration, and electrolyte correction awaiting plateau of creatinine levels. The aim of any endoscopic treatment is to incise rather than remove the valves. Current methods of incision include cold knife incision, endoscopic electrocautery incision, and laser fulguration. Early circumcision in all PUV patients is recommended to reduce the risk of UTI. PUV-associated morbidity extends beyond infancy and childhood through adolescence into adult life, regardless of the apparent success of early valve ablation. Long-term issues in patients with PUV relate to renal, bladder, and sexual function. Vesicoureteral reflux is detected in a third of ureteral units and resolves in two-thirds after endoscopic resection of valves. The “Valve Bladder Syndrome” refers to patients with PUV that, despite a proven absence of outflow obstruction, show a persistent and progressive uretero-hydronephrosis and loss of renal function. In addition, a third of patients with PUV progress to chronic kidney disease (CKD) or ESKD during childhood or young adulthood despite active treatment. Many prognostic factors have been proposed over the years, with Nadir Creatinine >1 mg/dl (88 μmol/L) in the first year of life indicating high risk of progression to ESKD. A multidisciplinary (MDT) approach to the prenatal and postnatal management of children with LUTO should be provided to prevent severe pulmonary hypoplasia and ESKD. Future prospective randomized trials will help to standardize prenatal evaluation and management of LUTO across fetal centers and define long-term postnatal outcomes following fetal intervention.
Currently, qualification of a patient for kidney transplantation by a surgeon and a nephrologist from a transplantation unit seems to be insufficient. The increase in mortality and the number of people on waiting lists for a kidney transplant means that more and more often we are turning to living donors and donors over 70 years of age. The status of the patient should then be assessed to estimate the risk of serious complications (e.g. stroke, myocardial infarction, heart failure, thromboembolic events, gastrointestinal bleeding) over the next few years or as a result of kidney transplantation. In this chapter, as it is intended for young surgeons, we will briefly describe only the surgical qualification for transplantation: in a short, what the surgeon, on the day he meets the patient, must know about him and his weight and vessels in order to consider him fit for transplantation. Tests which for the surgeon usually performed to assess cardiovascular risk in candidates for kidney transplantation include Doppler ultrasound or CT of the and pelvic arteries and veins in all those after the age of fifty or/and with diabetes or/and with symptoms indicative of advanced atherosclerosis.
The impact of technological advancement, particularly machine learning, on health can be seen in the efficient analysis of different chronic diseases that allows for more precise diagnosis and effective treatment. People aged 60 and above are most affected by kidney disease, a serious chronic condition linked to ageing, hypertension, and diabetes. Early diagnosis of CKD enables patients to receive immediate treatment, which slows the disease’s further development. This study employs the machine learning techniques of artificial neural networks, support vector machines, and k-Nearest Neighbour to identify CDK early. The significance of detecting these frequently fatal illnesses reflects the significance of AI. These four processes of image pre-processing, feature extraction, classification, and diagnosis are used to identify the type of disease. Convolution Neural Network (CNN), which has a number of prediction-based layers, is used for categorisation and image pre-processing to improve the image’s quality. At the very end, the user is encouraged to get a cure.
Peritoneal dialysis as chronic renal replacement therapy requires an organization to cover all relevant aspects needed to perform the treatment according to quality standards. The day-to-day management of such program is usually performed by the nursing team. In this chapter, a review is given of important issues of organization and management. These include the structure and function of a PD program, standard operating procedures, the interdisciplinary healthcare team, patient intake, patient education and training, patient follow-up, long-term management, and a program for quality improvement.
Extracellular vesicles Endothelial extracellular vesicles (EVs) released by endothelial cells stand out for potentially carrying biomarkers that reflect the state of the endothelium, which is particularly interesting in the investigation of kidney and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) that are closely linked to its dysfunction. Endothelial EVs can be obtained from blood samples; however, the study of these EVs is challenging since complete isolation and purification is still unrealistic. Despite this, studies have shown differences in the protein profile and miRNA content present in the circulating EVs of patients with CVD and kidney diseases. By carrying molecules with biological activity, EVs are able to modulate the response of recipient cells, which may also contribute to the pathophysiology of these diseases. Given the importance of EVs, especially those derived from the endothelium, this chapter addresses the EV formation and content in order to investigate potential biomarkers as well as its effector role in disease progression.
Background Autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD) causes fibrocystic kidney disease, congenital hepatic fibrosis, and portal hypertension. Serum galectin-3 (Gal-3) and intestinal fatty acid binding protein (I-FABP) are potential biomarkers of kidney fibrosis and portal hypertension, respectively. We examined whether serum Gal-3 associates with kidney disease severity and serum I-FABP associates with liver disease severity in ARPKD. Methods Cross-sectional study of 29 participants with ARPKD (0.2–21 years old) and presence of native kidneys (Gal-3 analyses, n  = 18) and/or native livers (I-FABP analyses, n  = 21). Serum Gal-3 and I-FABP were analyzed using enzyme linked immunosorbent assay. Kidney disease severity variables included estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and height-adjusted total kidney volume (htTKV). Liver disease severity was characterized using ultrasound elastography to measure liver fibrosis, and spleen length and platelet count as markers of portal hypertension. Simple and multivariable linear regression examined associations between Gal-3 and kidney disease severity (adjusted for liver disease severity) and between I-FABP and liver disease severity (adjusted for eGFR). Results Serum Gal-3 was negatively associated with eGFR; 1 standard deviation (SD) lower eGFR was associated with 0.795 SD higher Gal-3 level (95% CI − 1.116, − 0.473; p  < 0.001). This association remained significant when adjusted for liver disease severity. Serum Gal-3 was not associated with htTKV in adjusted analyses. Overall I-FABP levels were elevated, but there were no linear associations between I-FABP and liver disease severity in unadjusted or adjusted models. Conclusions Serum Gal-3 is associated with eGFR in ARPKD, suggesting its value as a possible novel biomarker of kidney disease severity. We found no associations between serum I-FABP and ARPKD liver disease severity despite overall elevated I-FABP levels. Graphical abstract 
Genetic kidney disease is a common cause of kidney disease in adults, and one of the commonest causes in children—often with devastating consequences, including end stage kidney disease (ESKD) and premature death. Whilst many inherited kidney conditions can often be diagnosed clinically, the wider availability and decreasing costs associated with next generation gene sequencing (NGS) technology can facilitate genetic confirmation of the diagnosis in these cases, or where the phenotype is unclear at the time of presentation, early identification of de novo pathogenic mutations where a family history is absent, or the selection of unaffected embryos for implantation, where this is appropriate. Whilst the vast wealth of data generated by genetic testing can offer both diagnostic certainty, and treatment options for certain conditions, but may also create uncertainty where results are less clear-cut, or where incidental information is revealed, that may have unforeseen implications for patients. Optimal utilisation of the genetic tests available requires a multidisciplinary specialist approach, where careful counselling of the patient and the family is at the centre of care.
Purpose Tolvaptan is the first approved treatment for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) that targets a mechanism directly contributing to the development and growth of renal cysts. We investigated the ability of ultrasonography to predict total kidney volume (TKV) of 750 mL or more, which is an indication for tolvaptan therapy in patients with ADPKD. Methods A total of 46 patients with ADPKD were evaluated. The most statistically appropriate measurement based on ultrasonography for predicting TKV determined by computed tomography (CT) was assessed. Results TKV determined by CT was 796.8 (508.8–1,560.3) mL. The median length, anteroposterior distance, and mediolateral distance determined using ultrasonography were 15.7 cm, 7.6 cm, and 7.6 cm in the left kidney, and 13.4 cm, 6.9 cm, and 7.2 cm in the right kidney, respectively. Multivariate regression analysis showed that total kidney length (left and right) [variance inflation factor (VIF), 9.349] and total mediolateral distance (left and right) (VIF, 3.988) were independently associated with TKV. The correlation ( r ) between the logarithm of TKV determined by CT and total mediolateral distance determined using ultrasonography was 0.915 ( p  < 0.001). The linear regression equation was log (total kidney volume) = 1.833 + 0.075 × total mediolateral distance (left and right) based on ultrasonography. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve for total mediolateral distance determined using ultrasonography to predict TKV of 750 mL or more was 0.989. Using the total mediolateral distance cut-off value of 14.2 cm, the sensitivity and specificity were 96.0% and 100.0%, respectively. Conclusion Total mediolateral distance determined using ultrasonography can predict TKV in patients with ADPKD.
The prognosis of CKD is predicated on both underlying cause of the kidney disease, the GFR and the albuminuria levels. This classification system helps to identify those at high risk of progression, and of other complications. The management of CKD is then focused on addressing modifiable risk factors to improve patient outcomes, and reduce the incidence of events or delay progression of CKD and attendant CV and other CKD complications. Timely referral to the nephrologist and identification and adequate preparation of the patient in whom kidney replacement therapy will be required is an essential.
Background This study aimed to evaluate the change in graft function in two groups stratified by the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) at 1 month after transplantation (eGFR-1 M) in pediatric living donor kidney transplant recipients. Methods Forty-three pediatric recipients were classified as those with an eGFR-1 M ≥ 90 mL/min/1.73 m^2 ( n  = 19; high eGFR group) or those with an eGFR-1 M of 60–89 mL/min/1.73 m^2 ( n  = 24; middle eGFR group). In the two groups, changes in the eGFR were retrospectively evaluated for 5 years after kidney transplantation. Results The mean recipient age at transplantation in the high/middle eGFR group was 6.1 ± 3.4/7.8 ± 4.0 years ( P  = 0.14). The mean eGFR-1, -12, and -60 M (mL/min/1.73 m^2) in the high/middle eGFR group were 106.8 ± 2.99/78.5 ± 1.52 ( P  < 0.001), 79.3 ± 3.22/62.7 ± 2.38 ( P  < 0.001), and 73.1 ± 4.16/59.2 ± 2.79 ( P  = 0.006), respectively. The change in the mean eGFR remained mostly parallel in the two groups. In both groups, the eGFR significantly decreased only between 1 and 12 months after transplantation ( P  < 0.0001). Approximately 70% of the patients had an eGFR-60 M ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m^2. Conclusions The high and middle eGFR groups showed a rapid decline in the eGFR by 1 year after transplantation, but the change thereafter was gradual. In pediatric living donor kidney transplant recipients, the eGFR was relatively well maintained up to 5 years after transplantation. Graphical abstract A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information .
Malignancies arising from the renal parenchyma are a heterogenous group of diseases. The increasing use of computed tomography (CT) imaging in clinical practice has led to an increased incidental diagnosis of kidney tumours. The clinical course can be variable based on the lesion identified. The most common solid lesion of the kidney is a renal cell carcinoma (RCC) which accounts for the majority of primary renal malignancies. While the mainstay of management is surgical, there are several associated genetic mutations which provide important targets for treatment.
Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a sudden loss of kidney function secondary to a variety of reasons. Contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) is a form of AKI induced following exposure to iodinated contrast media (CM). Its definition varies due to multiple diagnostic criteria but following the Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) guidelines release, a more unanimous approach has been adopted. Diagnostic tests, invasive cardiac and vascular interventions, as well as aging population contribute to the accretive incidence of CIN. Serum creatinine is the hallmark biomarker that has been utilized for years in order to reflect alterations in renal function, but its kinetics make it a late and non-precise molecule. Emerging serum and urinary biomarkers are eagerly studied in order to yield sensitive and accurate detection, treatment optimization, deflection of unnecessary interventions, and avoidance of detrimental consequences associated with CIN. In this chapter, we attempt to summarize the evidence concerning the available biomarkers and their properties and application to prognosis.
Chronic kidney disease is one of the serious health care issues faced by people across the globe. It is majorly resulting in kidney failure or sometimes leads to cardiovascular disease, or sometimes leads to the death of a person. So, the detection of this disease in the early stages plays a significant role which helps in treating and controlling the disease. In this paper, various machine learning algorithms are demonstrated that disclose and extract hidden information from clinical and laboratory patient data, which can aid clinicians in maximizing accuracy for illness severity stage assessment. Several machine learning algorithms like KNN, RF, AdaBoost, gradient boost, and a voting classifier were considered, and a comparative study was done. These comparisons were made by taking the CKD dataset available in the UCI repository. The models employed for the study provide much accuracy, greater than prior research, suggesting that they are more trustworthy than the previous models.
The horseshoe kidney can cause significant confusion when imaging the spine as a region of increased uptake lying anterior to the upper lumbar spine. SPECT/CT is critical if looking for spinal pathology.
Rhabdomyolysis is a very common clinical syndrome, and misdiagnosing it is a common occurrence in the emergency department. The presentation of rhabdomyolysis can be confusing due to the overlap of its symptoms with other very common diseases. The main presenting symptoms of rhabdomyolysis are predominantly characterized by generalized myalgias and weakness. Acute renal failure due to acute tubular necrosis caused by myoglobin is a classic feature. Although decisive criteria for diagnosing rhabdomyolysis remain lacking, an elevated creatinine kinase level of more than at least ten times its normal value is used as the gold-standard diagnostic test. Therefore, a well-devised approach should be taken into consideration when assessing patients with certain alarming symptoms in the emergency department. Symptoms such as fever, nausea, and vomiting are nonspecific; however other alarming symptoms such as kidney injury, compartment syndrome, darkening of the urine, and arrhythmias are signs of complications that may arise from rhabdomyolysis. Here we discuss a case of rhabdomyolysis that was misdiagnosed and present the necessary evidence-based material to avoid a potential misdiagnosis and further complications.
This chapter defines the various stages of chronic kidney disease, and also discusses water, electrolyte, and acid–base abnormalities that are commonly observed in this condition. In addition, the management of these abnormalities is presented in detail.
Blood salinity and blood volume are determined essentially by the amount of water in the blood stream. Water is lost constantly by urination, sweating, respiration, etc. Water is gained by drinking it. The kidneys demand a high flow rate from the bloodstream in order to do proper filtration, resulting in high urine production, urine being mostly water. A large fraction of this water is recycled from the urine back into the bloodstream. Both ADH and aldosterone stimulate the kidneys to increase the fraction recycled, with the remainder excreted. This has a major effect on the amount of water in the bloodstream. The other major effect results from drinking water. Under steady-state resting conditions, the production of ADH and aldosterone are determined by homeostasis, not by sensed levels of salinity or blood volume. Transients in blood salinity are detected by osmoreceptors whose signals derive the feedback loop of the aldosterone system. Negative feedback from these loops mitigates transient effects. The steady-state average amount of water in the bloodstream is determined by ADH and aldosterone production, homeostasis, and by the volume of water ingested in satiating thirst.
This chapter deals with various causes, clinical manifestations, and treatment of symptomatic and asymptomatic patients with hypermagnesemia.
