Polymer products have long been used for a variety of applications in our daily lives, as well as for some more exotic applications, such as biomedical devices, superhigh- speed airplanes, and outer-space vehicles. Other applications are too numerous to mention them all here. There are many steps involved in the production of polymer products, from the synthesis of raw materials to the manufacturing of the finished products. Of the many steps involved, the fabrication (processing) step plays a pivotal role in determining the quality of the final products. Successful processing of polymeric materials requires a good understanding of their rheological behavior (Han 1976, 1981). Thus, intimate relationships exist between polymer rheology and polymer processing. In this chapter we describe briefly some of these close relationships between polymer rheology and polymer processing. Rheology is the science that deals with the deformation and flow of matter. Hence, polymer rheology is the science that deals with the deformation and flow of polymeric materials. Since there are a variety of polymeric materials, we can classify polymer rheology further into different categories, depending upon the nature of the polymeric materials; for instance, (1) the rheology of homogeneous polymers, (2) the rheology of miscible polymer blends, (3) the rheology of immiscible polymer blends, (4) the rheology of particulate-filled polymers, (5) the rheology of fiberglass-reinforced polymers, (6) the rheology of organoclay nanocomposites, (7) the rheology of polymeric foams, (8) the rheology of thermosets, (9) the rheology of block copolymers, and (10) the rheology of liquid-crystalline polymers. Each of these polymeric materials exhibits its own unique rheological characteristics. Thus, different theories are needed to interpret the experimental results of the rheological behavior of different polymeric materials. However, at present we do not have a comprehensive theory that can describe the rheological behavior of some polymeric materials and thus we must resort to empirical correlations to interpret the experimentally observed rheological behavior of those materials. It is then fair to state that a complete understanding of the rheological behavior of all polymeric materials remains quite a challenge indeed.A variety of vinyl type polymers has been prepared and characterized to compare their prepared and characterized to compare their viscosity behaviour with "established" technical polymers. Special emphasis is given to fundamental aspects of solution structure with regard to the conformation of a single chain end of chain to chain interaction. This will be examplified by studying homopolymers, copolymers and polymer mixtures of nonionic and ionic charakter.Chain stiffening, based on intramolecular energetic and steric interaction and hydrogen bonding are considered as important structural parameters to describe the static and dynamic (time dependent) solution structure.Polymer adsorption on quarz sand shows Polymer adsorption on quarz sand shows considerable differences for polyacrylamide (PAAm) and polysaccharide in their dependence on salinity. Polymer retention - in addition to adsorption - can be made visible by scanning electron microscopy in combination with energy dispersive X-Ray analysis.The application of polymers in enhanced oil recovery (EOR) has been well established, not only in the laboratory but also in field test. Furthermore it is generally accepted that the polymers are used to achieve a mobility control by adjusting the mobility ratioclose to one. The question however, wether decrease of the mobility of the aqueous phase is mainly caused by increase in phase is mainly caused by increase in viscosity or a decrease of permeability has not been settled completely. Arguments are presented that different types of polymers presented that different types of polymers may well act in a different fashion. Since viscosity of polymer solutions and adsorptivity of polymers from solution increases considerably with increasing molecular weight it is obvious that economics of EOR require high molecular weight products to be able to apply solutions of low concentration. Rather early two types of polymers - namely (acrylamid/acrylate copolymers and Xanthangum polysaccharide have been found which performed quite satisfactory and were available in bulk quantities. Looking into the EOR literature so far not too much emphasis has been given to fundamental aspects of polymer solution structure. polymer solution structure. P. 51 Polymers are currently used as raw materials in automobile and house hold applications. Particularly in automobile parts polymers having significant percentage, because of its strength to weight ratio. But their conventional processing of heating- melting -injecting and solidifying process cycle is mainly suitable for high volume mass production. Increasing demands for the products with low volume, best quality, less production lead time are impart the need for a new polymer processing method. This can be capable of fulfilling the current industrial requirement of agile manufacturing processing methods with short span for life cycle of parts and short design to production lead time.This paper is mainly focused on problems in conventional polymer processing and proves the opportunity to use single point incremental forming technology which is currently used for sheet metal forming applications. This method reduces and eliminates capital investment on special dies and tools. It is a highly flexible forming process and is enabled with the help of computer numerical control (CNC) technology. In this work, a novel process namely hot incremental polymer forming (HIPF) is developed. In this process the material is heated with the help of heating element up to the required temperature and the hemispherical tool moves over the hot sheet, the tool path is controlled by CNC technology.This innovative process starts with development of low cost fixture and spherical tool, heating coil, temperature measurement device, feedback element and temperature controller. A truncated hexagonal pyramid shape is used to study the process capability regarding the geometrical accuracy and sheet thinning of the produced part. Results show that this method capable of forming polymer sheet parts at elevated temperature with good dimensional accuracy and better formability. Broadly classified, there are three types of polymer blends, namely, (1) miscible polymer blends, (2) immiscible polymer blends, and (3) partially miscible polymer blends. There are many different experimental methods that can be used to investigate the miscibility of polymer blends, such as differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), dynamic mechanical thermal analysis (DMTA), dielectric measurement, cloud point measurement, microscopy, light scattering, small-angle X-ray scattering, small-angle neutron scattering, fluorescence technique, and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Each of these experimental methods can only probe the homogeneity (or heterogeneity) in a polymer blend at a certain scale range. Thus, the determination of the miscibility in polymer blends depends on the resolution limit of the experimental method(s) employed. For instance, DSC and DMTA have frequently been used to determine the miscibility in polymer blends by determining glass transition temperature Tg. When a single Tg value is observed in a polymer blend, the blend can be considered miscible. However, there is a general consensus among researchers that such an experimental criterion, while very useful, cannot guarantee that a polymer blend is miscible on a segmental level. Therefore, a serious question may be raised as to whether a polymer pair can be regarded as being miscible on the segmental level (say, less than approximately 5 nm). It has been reported that DMTA can resolve the size of domains (or separated phases) on the order of 5–10 nm (Molnar and Eisenberg 1992) and DSC is not as sensitive as DMTA for determining the Tg of a polymer blend (Stoelting et al. 1970). In the use of DSC to investigate the miscibility of polymer blends, one often encounters the situation where a very broad (say, 40–60 ◦C) single glass transition appears for certain blend compositions, such as polystyrene/poly(α-methyl styrene) (PS/PαMS) blends (Kim et al. 1998; Lin and Roe 1988; Saeki 1983) and polystyrene/poly(vinyl methyl ether) (PS/PVME) blends (Kim et al. 1998; Schneider and Wirbser 1990; Schneider et al. 1990). Under such circumstances, it is not clear how an unambiguous, single value of Tg can be read off from a DSC thermogram.The polymer industry has been challenged to produce new polymeric materials by blending two or more homopolymers or random copolymers or by synthesizing graft copolymers. To meet the challenge, various methods have been explored, namely, (1) by synthesizing a new monomer, polymerizing it, and then blending it with an existing homopolymer or random copolymer, (2) by copolymerizing existing monomers and then blending it with an existing homopolymer or random copolymer, (3) by chemically modifying an existing homopolymer or random copolymer and then blending it with other homopolymers or copolymers already available, or (4) by synthesizing new compatibilizer(s) to improve the mechanical properties of two immiscible homopolymers or random copolymers that otherwise have unacceptable mechanical properties. There are numerous monographs (Cooper and Estes 1979; Han 1984; Paul and Newman 1978; Platzer 1971, 1975; Sperling 1974; Utracki 1990) describing various aspects of polymer blends. In the 1970s, Han and coworkers (Han 1971, 1974; Han and Kim 1975; Han and Yu 1971a, 1971b, 1972; Han et al. 1973, 1975; Kim and Han 1976) conducted seminal experimental studies on the rheology of immiscible polymer blends and related the observed rheological behavior to blend morphology. Independently, in the same period, Vinogradov and coworkers (Ablazova et al. 1975; Brizitsky et al. 1978; Tsebrenko et al. 1974, 1976; Vinogradov et al. 1975) conducted a series of experimental studies relating the blend rheology to blend morphology. Van Oene (1972, 1978) also pursued, independently, experimental studies for a better understanding of rheology–morphology relationships in immiscible polymer blends. Since then, using different polymer pairs, numerous researchers have conducted experimental studies, which were essentially the same as, or very similar to, the previous experimental studies of Han and coworkers, Vinogradov and coworkers, and van Oene in the 1970s. It is fair to state that those studies in the 1980s and 1990s have not revealed any significant new findings.By means of the density functional theory framework I tackle thelong-standing problem of a polymer star interpenetrating with a polymerbrush at thermal equilibrium. Remarkably, the star is repelled to theoutside of the brush once it sucks into the brush. It turns out thatthere could be a highly fluctuating region at the brush edge. The highlyfluctuating region would be responsible for discontinuous absoptiontransitions by brushes. However, up to an small interpenetration length,below which asphericity of the star is maintained, the star getscollapsed by sucking more and more into the brush. Polymer researchers have had a long-standing interest in understanding the evolution of blend morphology when two (or more) incompatible homopolymers or copolymers are melt blended in mixing equipment. In industry, melt blending is conducted using either an internal (batch) mixer (e.g., a Banbury mixer or a Brabender mixer) or a continuous mixer (e.g., a twin-screw extruder or a Buss kneader). There are many factors that control the evolution of blend morphology during compounding, the five primary ones being (1) blend composition, (2) rheological properties (e.g., viscosity ratio) of the constituent components, (3) mixing temperature, which in turn affects the rheological properties of the constituent components, (4) the duration of mixing in a batch mixer or residence time in a continuous mixer, and (5) rotor speed in a batch mixer or screw speed in a continuous mixer (i.e., local shear rate or shear stress). When two immiscible polymers are compounded in mixing equipment, two types of blend morphology are often observed: dispersed morphology and co-continuous morphology. Numerous investigators have reported on blend morphology of immiscible polymers, and there are too many papers to cite them all here. Some investigators (Han 1976, 1981; Han and Kim 1975; Han and Yu 1972; Nelson et al. 1977; van Oene 1978) examined blend morphology to explain the seemingly very complicated rheological behavior of two-phase polymer blends, and others (Favis and Therrien 1991; He et al. 1997; Ho et al. 1990; Miles and Zurek 1988; Scott and Macosko 1995; Shih 1995; Sundararaj et al. 1992, 1996) investigated blend morphology as affected by processing conditions. Today, it is fairly well understood from experimental studies under what conditions a dispersed morphology or a co-continuous morphology may be formed, and whether a co-continuous morphology is stable, giving rise to an equilibrium morphology, or whether it is an unstable intermediate morphology that eventually is transformed into a dispersed morphology (Lee and Han 1999a, 1999b, 2000). Let us consider the morphology evolution in an immiscible blend consisting of two semicrystalline polymers, A and B, in a compounding machine, and let us assume that the melting point (Tm,A) of polymer A is lower than the melting point (Tm,B) of polymer B.Polymer Chemistry: A Practical Approach in Chemistry has been designed for both chemists working in and new to the area of polymer synthesis. It contains detailed instructions for preparation of a wide-range of polymers by a wide variety of different techniques, and describes how this synthetic methodology can be applied to the development of new materials. It includes details of well-established techniques, e.g. chain-growth or step-growth processes together with more up-to-date examples using methods such as atom-transfer radical polymerization. Less well-known procedures are also included, e.g. electrochemical synthesis of conducting polymers and the preparation of liquid crystalline elastomers with highly ordered structures. Other topics covered include general polymerization methodology, controlled/"living" polymerization methods, the formation of cyclic oligomers during step-growth polymerization, the synthesis of conducting polymers based on heterocyclic compounds, dendrimers, the preparation of imprinted polymers and liquid crystalline polymers. The main bulk of the text is preceded by an introductory chapter detailing some of the techniques available to the scientist for the characterization of polymers, both in terms of their chemical composition and in terms of their properties as materials. The book is intended not only for the specialist in polymer chemistry, but also for the organic chemist with little experience who requires a practical introduction to the field.Drug delivery systems based upon the blending of Arabic gum and poly(N-vinylpyrrolidone) (AG/PVP) were prepared for the controlled release of acebutolol (Acb) hydrochloride. The prepared blends containing Acb were characterized using different techniques. The presence of physical interactions between the drug and polymer matrices was observed with Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy. These interactions resulted in the transition of the drug from a crystalline to an amorphous state into the polymeric matrices, as demonstrated by differential scanning calorimetry and X-ray diffraction analysis. The thermogravimetric analysis study confirmed the presence of these interactions, which had a stabilizing effect on the drug against both thermal degradation and crystallinity. The in vitro release of Acb from the AG/PVP polymer system was investigated. Each drug-loaded system was used in a tablet formulation. Moreover, an in vitro dissolution study was carried out in three different dissolution media, and comparison of the dissolution profiles of the different dosage forms revealed that the polymer blend matrix had a better release-retarding efficiency. To better understand the release mechanism, the dissolution data were fitted to various release kinetic models.Building the foundations of polymer thermoelectronics became possible only after the correction of thermodynamic errors in traditional, semiconductor electronics. It was these errors that determined the saturation of its operating parameters of semiconductor electronic devices, in particular, the saturation of the maximum clock frequency of processors. But even if in semiconductors, although these thermodynamic errors manifested themselves not only in the instrumental, but also in the technological aspect, they did not prohibit semiconductor electronics themselves.Whereas, without eliminating thermodynamic errors, the technology of polymers itself made it possible to create only a limited range of materials with low electrical conductivity – materials with low leakage currents, and not polymers with different types of conductivity required for electronics and with given potential barriers for current carriers. In this work, it is shown that there are no fundamental prohibitions either on the creation of polymers with high conductivity, or on the creation of thermionic devices based on them. It’s just that ALL polymer physics is “stuck” on the use of flat electron orbitals, which Pauling introduced for “two-dimensional” graphite and for which he received the Nobel Prize. But, Pauling himself, as an honest scientist, having discovered his mistake, tried to correct it by introducing “curved” orbitals for graphite itself. Now, after the restoration of the Planck-Einstein Quantization, it is shown how to get the correct orbitals instead of the mystical Schrödinger wave functions [1, 2, 3].Stanislav Ordin, «Gaps and Errors of the Schrödinger Equation»», Journal of Materials and Polymer Science (J mate poly sci), 2022; 2(3): p. 1-6.
Stanislav Vladimirovich Ordin, Book: “FOUNDATIONS OF Planck-Einstein Quantization (Thematic collection of recent studies reviewed in scientific journals).” LAP LAMBERT Academic Publishing, 2021, ISBN 978-620-4-21066-7, 110 pp.
Stanislav Ordin, “Foundations of Quantization Principles”. Jenny Stanford Publishing Pte Ltd, 2023, 235 рр. Due to several environmental problems arising through the disposal of polymers, recycling has been growing rapidly as one of the best approaches to minimize environment pollution issue. Apart from the positive impacts towards environmental sustainability, recycling polymer is also benefiting in terms of manufacturing cost reduction, energy conservation and material resource conservation. The aim of this study was to investigate how recycling cycle affects the physical properties and mechanical properties for both used thermoplastic polymer and thermoplastic elastomer polymer. Samples were prepared by melting used polymers via melt blending technique. Results showed that tensile strength and density were decreased for thermoplastic polymer and the changes in visual are significant when the number of recycling cycle was increased. Tensile strength, yield strength and Young Modulus of thermoplastic elastomer are independent from number of recycling cycles. Presence of antioxidant fillers in thermoplastic elastomer enhanced the tensile strength (28.23%) and Young Modulus (29.16%) when the polymers were exposed to ultraviolet light. The necessity of noncovalent functionalization and the methods of noncovalent functionalization usually adopted for producing polymer functionalized graphene (PFG) are discussed in this chapter. The noncovalent functionalization is carried out using dispersion interaction, π–π interaction, electrostatic interaction, coordination bond formation and hydrogen bonding interactions, and they are delineated in detail with specific examples. A comparison between covalent and noncovalent functionalized PFGs is also made in respect of their properties, emphasizing the specific utility of noncovalently functionalized PFG.In this work, the effects of the morphological variation and the polymer/polymer interface on the tensile modulus of binary polymer blends were evaluated using a combined modeling method. The characteristics of the polymer/polymer interface region were evaluated using a neural network system and the results were used to improve the analytical model. The model accuracy was investigated by comparing its predictions with the tensile test results of some prepared iPP/PA blend samples and also some other data from literature which revealed an acceptable accuracy (error5%). We report a theoretical model of a magnetic polymer consisting of benzenoid structures incorporated in a simple linear polyethylene-like polymer chain. The benzenoid structures are double ring annulenes having 12, 16, 20 and 24 outer ring π electrons and the benzene ring inside the main cyclic π system. Either six or three covalent bonds of benzene linked to the outer ring carbon atoms at regular intervals will bring planarity to the annulene systems.Hückel molecular orbital theory of quantum chemistry predicts that a 4n (n = 0, 1, 2,….) π alternating cyclic system has a triplet (2s + 1 = 3) stable ground state molecular orbital, provided the cyclic system is planar. Although cyclobutadiene is planar, it is quasi-stable. The 8, 12, 16, 20 and 24 annulenes are not planar but they are stable. If a benzene ring is introduced into the annulene ring and six or three carbon atoms of benzene are covalently linked to the carbon atoms of the outer ring annulene at regular intervals, the annulene systems might become planar. The presence of a benzene ring inside the annulene ring has little influence on the symmetry, electron distribution, energy level and molecular orbitals of the 4n system and as a result it is expected that these modified annulenes would have quite a stable triplet ground state. These predictions are here confirmed by DFT (density functional theory) geometrical optimisation of one of the systems at the B3LYP/6-31+Glevel. Calculation of the nucleus independent chemical shift (NICS) at the centre of the ring produces strongly positive values for the triplet 4n annulene structure. Furthermore, the resulting systems do not undergo cyclo-addition (Diels Alder) reactions either at room temperature or in presence of UV radiation. If these planar star-like annulene molecules are incorporated into the polyethylene chain at regular intervals, the polymer is expected to be magneto- active.  The preparation of a new composite material has been achieved by the impregnation of sawdust-clay-cement mixtures with unsaturated polyester resins containing styrene and in one case, methyl methacrylate (MMA) monomers, followed by exposure to Co-60 gamma radiation to induce graft copolymerisation of the polyester/monomer mixture. The most suitable impregnation time and radiation dose have been determined for two polyester compositions. The high compression strength and bending modulus show that the final material produced was comparable in mechanical properties with high strength concrete. Hydration of the sawdust-clay-cement mixture after moulding for between 1 and 28 days decreased the porosity of the composite because the hydration products were deposited within the pore-spaces. The effect on the mechanical properties of the resin content, which in turn affects the porosity, was greater than that of the hardening of the cement component after hydration. In this chapter the morphology, structure and thermal properties of different types of polymer functionalized graphene (PFG) are discussed. How graphene influences the morphology, structure, physical and thermal properties of the polymer in the PFG, and vice versa, are discussed, taking a few examples. PFG with both crystalline and amorphous polymers are discussed. The polymorphic structure of the polymers may vary due to the presence of graphene and this is discussed for different polymers. The morphology, structure, thermal stability, melting temperature, glass transition temperature, crystallinity, etc. of the PFG are discussed in detail, delineating the background behind it. An important factor in the design cycle of polymer moulded components is the ability to produce representative components for test. Rapid modelling and tooling has become an essential part of this programme, particularly since it enables significant design time compression. The computer modelled rapid prototype has provided design confidence by allowing it to be fitted, tested for functionality and analysed. Possibly more important, rapid tooling is established by using the models as patterns; this allows the production of a prototype in the correct shape and material. Rapid tooling methods for injection moulding enable manufacture in days rather than months. A model to core-shell structured polymer nanofibers deposited via coaxial electrospinning is presented. Investigations are based on a modified Jacobi-Gauss collocation spectral method, proposed along with the Boubaker Polynomials Expansion Scheme (BPES), for providing solution to a nonlinear Lane-Emden-type equation. The spatial approximation has been based on shifted Jacobi polynomialswithwasthe polynomial degree. The Boubaker Polynomials Expansion Scheme (BPES) main features, concerning the embedded boundary conditions, have been outlined. The modified Jacobi-Gauss points are used as collocation nodes. Numerical examples are included to demonstrate the validity and applicability of the technique, and a comparison is made with existing results. It has been revealed that both methods are easy to implement and yield very accurate results.In this chapter, the dielectric permittivity and dielectric loss properties of a polymer functionalized graphene (PFG)/polymer matrix are discussed. The PFG increases the dielectric constant and decreases the dielectric loss in a polymer matrix due to the formation of a microcapacitor network. Also sometimes low dielectric constant values of PFG/polymer composites are necessary to a lower value of 2, particularly for the electronics industry, and it is noticed in some cases. Probable explanations for the increase and decrease in the dielectric properties of these composites are discussed. The perspectives of these dielectric systems for applications in the power industry and semiconductor technology are also highlighted.In this chapter electronic and ionic conductivity, current–voltage (I–V) properties of PFGs and their composites are discussed. Graphene imparts conductivity in the nonconducting polymer matrix and in conducting polymer systems it produces p–n junctions changing the I–V properties. The impedance spectra of these systems are very interesting and are discussed here.We have simulated polymer translocation across the a -hemolysin nano-pore via a coarse grained computational model for both the polymer and the pore. We simulate the translocation process by allowing the protein cross a free-energy barrier from a metastable state, in the presence of thermal fluctuations. The deformation in the channel, which we model by making the radius of pore change from large to small size, can be originated by the random and non-random (systematic) cellular environment, drive out the polymer out of equilibrium during the transport dynamics. We expect that in more realistic conditions, effects originating on the translocation phenomena due to the deformability of the nano-pore can either decrease or increase the transport time of biomolecule passing through the channel. Deformation in channel can occurred because the structure of -hemolysin channel is not completely immobile, hence a small pore deformation can be occurred during translocation process. We also discuss the effects of polymer deformation on the translocation process, which we achieve by varying the value of the empirical and dihedral potential constants. We investigate the dynamic and thermodynamical properties of the translocation process by revealing the statistics of translocation time as a function of the pulling inward force acting along the axis of the pore under the influence of small and large pore. We observed that a pore with small size can speed down the polymer translocation process, especially at the limit of small pulling force. A drastic increase in translocation time at the limit of low force for small pore clearly illustrate the strong interaction between the transport polymer and pore. Our results can be of fundamental importance for those experiments on DNA-RNA sorting and sequencing and drug delivery mechanism for anti-cancer therapy. The results of the work make it possible to recycle renewable waste of plant origin and certain mineral highly dispersed substances, and may be used in the furniture and building sectors of industry. An empirical approach is proposed to describing the physicomechanical properties of the composites considered, based on three constituent volume fractions: (1) rigid, slightly deforming volume fractions; (2) thermoplastic volume fractions; (3) cavities.  An important factor in the design cycle of polymer moulded components is the ability to produce representative components for test. Rapid modelling and tooling has become an essential part of this programme, particularly since it enables significant design time compression. The computer modelled rapid prototype has provided design confidence by allowing it to be fitted, tested for functionality and analysed. Possibly more important, rapid tooling is established by using the models as patterns; this allows the production of a prototype in the correct shape and material. Rapid tooling methods for injection moulding enable manufacture in days rather than months. Graphene has good mechanical properties that are imparted in PFG. The mechanical properties of PFG and its composites with other polymers are more important as a significant improvement in storage and loss modulus, tensile stress, tensile strain and Young's modulus occur. A thorough analysis of the results in different composite systems using theoretical models are discussed here.Η μελέτη της δυναμικής των πολυμερών είναι ένα ενδιαφέρον επιστημονικό πρόβλημα καθώς επηρεάζει την σχέση δομής-ιδιοτήτων λόγω της πολυπλοκότητας που εμφανίζει σε χωρική αλλά και χρονική κλίμακα. Περιλαμβάνει δονητικές κινήσεις, περιστροφές πλευρικών ομάδων, την τμηματική α-κίνηση και την συνολική διάχυση της αλυσίδας καλύπτοντας μία χρονική κλίμακα από την περιοχή των ps έως την περιοχή των sec. Τα τελευταία χρόνια ιδιαίτερο ερευνητικό ενδιαφέρον παρουσιάζουν τα αποικοδομήσιμα πολυμερή και πιο συγκεκριμένα οι αλειφατικοί πολυεστέρες καθώς είναι «φιλικά για το περιβάλλον» και λόγω των ιδιοτήτων τους μπορούν να χρησιμοποιηθούν ως εναλλακτικές λύσεις στα συμβατικά μη-διασπώμενα πολυμερή. Επίσης μια άλλη κατηγορία πολυμερών με ερευνητικό ενδιαφέρον είναι τα υπερδιακλαδισμένα πολυμερή τα οποία διαθέτουν χαμηλό ιξώδες ακόμη και για μεγάλα μοριακά βάρη, υψηλή διαλυτότητα, συμβατότητα και δραστικότητα που οφείλεται στον εξαιρετικά μεγάλο αριθμό δραστικών τους ομάδων, σε συνδυασμό με τη χαμηλού κόστους σύνθεση τους συγκριτικά με τα δενδριμερή. Ταυτόχρονα τα τελευταία χρόνια, τα νανοσύνθετα υλικά που αποτελούνται από πολυμερή και πρόσθετα που διαθέτουν μια ή περισσότερες διαστάσεις στη νανοκλίμακα, έχουν μελετηθεί ιδιαίτερα λόγω της επίδρασης του πρόσθετου στις ιδιότητες του πολυμερούς που συχνά προσδίδει βελτιωμένες ιδιότητες όπως η αυξημένη αντοχή, η μεγάλη θερμική αντίσταση, η μειωμένη διαπερατότητα από αέρια, η μειωμένη αναφλεξιμότητα κ.ά. Στην παρούσα εργασία μελετάται η επίδραση προσθέτων διαφορετικής γεωμετρίας στην δυναμική πολυμερών που διαθέτουν παραπλήσιες λειτουργικές ομάδες και διαφορετική αρχιτεκτονική. Πιο συγκεκριμένα μελετήθηκαν τρεις γραμμικοί πολυεστέρες με διαφορετική επαναλαμβανόμενη μονάδα, υπερδιακλαδισμένοι πολυεστέρες τριών διαφορετικών γενεών (βαθμός διακλάδωσης) και ένα υπερδιακλαδισμένο πολυεστερικό αμίδιο, τα οποία διαθέτουν διαφορετικό αριθμό ακραίων υδροξυλικών ομάδων. Τα παραπάνω πολυμερή αναμίχθηκαν με νανοσωματίδια πυριτίας σφαιρικής γεωμετρίας, με οξείδιο του γραφίτη φυλλώδους δομής και με τον φυλλώδη αργιλοπυριτικό πηλό, μοντμοριλλονίτη νατρίου, για την παρασκευή νανοσύνθετων υλικών.Νανοσύνθετα υλικά διαφορετικών συστάσεων σε πολυμερές παρασκευάστηκαν με ανάμιξη από διάλυμα σε απιονισμένο νερό και για όλα τα δείγματα ακολούθησε θερμική ανόπτηση ώστε να επιτευχθούν δομές ισορροπίας. Η μελέτη της δομής εξετάστηκε με περίθλαση ακτίνων Χ (XRD) ενώ οι θερμικές ιδιότητες με διαφορική θερμιδομετρία σάρωσης (DSC) και θερμοσταθμική ανάλυση (TGA). Επίσης για τη μελέτη της δυναμικής των πολυεστέρων τόσο για το ελεύθερο πολυμερές όσο και για τα νανοσύνθετα, πραγματοποιήθηκαν μετρήσεις διηλεκτρικής φασματοσκοπίας ευρέος φάσματος (BDS). Από τη μελέτη της δομής και των θερμικών ιδιοτήτων διαπιστώνονται ευνοϊκές αλληλεπιδράσεις πολυμερούς – ανοργάνου, με σφαιρικά σωματίδια διεσπαρμένα στην πολυμερική μήτρα και σχηματισμό δομών παρεμβολής για τα φυλλώδη πρόσθετα. Οι θερμικές μεταβάσεις των πολυμερών μειώνονται στα νανοσύνθετα υλικά όπου οι πολυμερικές αλυσίδες αλληλεπιδρούν με την διεπιφάνεια του προσθέτου ή βρίσκονται υπό ισχυρό χωρικό περιορισμό. Μέσω της μελέτης της δυναμικής των πολυμερών παρατηρούνται πολλαπλές διεργασίες χαλάρωσης στην περίπτωση του καθαρού πολυμερούς ενώ οι ίδιες διεργασίες παρατηρούνται και στα νανοσύνθετα με σημαντικές διαφοροποιήσεις ανά περίπτωση. Οι διεργασίες που παρατηρούνται σε θερμοκρασίες κάτω από το Tg αποδίδονται στις κινήσεις μικρών πολικών ομάδων, όπως στην περιστροφή των υδροξυλίων και στον αναπροσανατολισμό των καρβονυλίων. Υπό ισχυρό χωρικό περιορισμό οι διεργασίες αυτές έχουν μικρότερες ενέργειες ενεργοποίησης καθώς μειώνονται οι σχηματιζόμενοι δεσμοί υδρογόνου μεταξύ των ομάδων αυτών. Οι α διεργασίες χαλάρωσης εμφανίζουν εξάρτηση από τη θερμοκρασία υαλώδους μετάβασης του εκάστοτε πολυμερούς για το καθαρό υλικό, ενώ για τα νανοσύνθετα μπορεί να αλλάζει σημαντικά ή όχι ανάλογα με το σύστημα. Για τους γραμμικούς πολυεστέρες η α διεργασία χαλάρωσης διατηρεί την VFT θερμοκρασιακή εξάρτηση ενώ για τους υπερδιακλαδισμένους πολυεστέρες διαφορετικών γενεών η α διεργασία χαλάρωσης, εμφανίζει εξάρτηση από τη γενεά και αλλάζει η θερμοκρασιακή εξάρτηση σε γραμμική. Ο ισχυρός χωρικός περιορισμός των υπερδιακλαδισμένων πολυεστέρων στα νανοσύνθετα με δομές παρεμβολής επιδρά στην δυναμική τους ενώ στην περίπτωση των γραμμικών πολυεστέρων δεν εμφανίζεται σημαντική επίδραση όχι μόνο στα νανοσύνθετα με σφαιρικά σωματίδια πυριτίας αλλά και με πολυστρωματικούς πηλούς λόγω του χαμηλού μοριακού τους βάρους. Multi-walled carbon nanotubes and high-density polyethylene (MWCNTs/HDPE) nanocomposite sheets with (1.0, 0.5, and 0.1) wt.% MWCNT were successfully prepared by coating the MWCNTs on the surface of the matrix particles (HDPE). The sample resistivities of the nanocomposites were investigated in relation to the temperature influence. Several findings could be drawn from these experiments: For instance, among all of the prepared MWCNT/HDPE nanocomposite sheets with (0.1, 0.5, and 1.0) wt. % MWCNT, the electrical resistivity of the 1.0 wt. % MWCNT/HDPE nanocomposite was 33.18 kΩ.m, demonstrating the best electrical conductivity. The resistivities of 0.1 wt. % and 0.5 wt. % samples were found to be 2594 and 372.23 kΩ.m respectively. Also, the measurements of temperature versus electrical conductivity revealed that the rise in temperature causes the electrical resistivity for the MWCNT/HDPE nanocomposites to increase due to the expansion of the distances between the conductive nanofillers (CNT), i.e., the sample resistivity increased under heating due to the thermal expansion of the polymer matrix. For example, the initial electrical resistivity for the 1.0 wt. % MWCNT/HDPE nanocomposite sheet decreased from 36.25 kΩ.m to 33.18 kΩ.m after the heat treatment. Besides, heat treatment could effectively improve the reproducibility of the MWCNT/HDPE nanocomposites. The reproducibility of the 1.0 wt. % MWCNT/HDPE nanocomposite was better than that of the 0.5 wt. % MWCNT/HDPE nanocomposite. In contrast to fabricating polymer brushes using conventional grafting-to and grafting-from techniques, we fabricated polymer brushes using a novel concept. This novel concept involves block copolymer segregation from the polymer region at the water interface. The resulting polymer brush is called a dynamic polymer brush because block copolymer segregation is a dynamic process that occurs at room temperature and is activated through contact with water. Dynamic polymer brushes undergo self-organization in the processes of self-assembly and self-healing (if destroyed). However, the analysis of dynamic polymer brushes is typically complicated because they are only detectable when in contact with water and change over time. Dynamic polymer brushes are not only a fascinating research topic but can also be used in many different fields, and the concept of dynamic polymer brushes is recognized as a core surface modification concept. The concept and physical characteristics of dynamic polymer brushes are discussed in this review.In our previous work, we studied the physical characteristics (particle size, surface treatment, etc.) of huntite/hydromagnesite mineral in order to be employed as a flame retardant filler. With this respect, electrical properties of the mineral reinforced polymeric composites were investigated in this study. After grinding of huntite/hydromagnesite mineral to the particle size of 10 m, 1 m, and 0.1 m, phase and microstructural analyses were undertaken using X-ray diffraction (XRD) and scanning electron microscopy-energy dispersive spectroscopy (SEM-EDS). The ground minerals with different particle size and content levels were subsequently added to ethylene vinyl acetate copolymer (EVA) to produce composite materials. After fabrication of huntite/hydromagnesite reinforced plastic composite samples, they were characterized by using Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) and SEM-EDS. Electrical properties were measured as a main objective of this paper with Alpha-N high resolution dielectric analyzer as a function of particle size and loading level. Dielectric constant, dissipation factor, specific resistance, and conductivity of the composite materials were measured as a function of frequency. On the other hand, conductivity of Ag-coated and uncoated polymeric composite materials was measured. It was concluded that the electrical properties of plastic composites were improved with reducing the mineral particle size.The stabilization of Blue Phases has recently attracted much interest for the production of fast displays based on the Kerr effect. One method to stabilize Blue Phases, and frustrated liquid crystal phases in general, is by dispersing monomers and subsequent photo-polymerization. In this chapter we discuss the effects of polymer networks on the width of the generally very narrow Blue Phases, as well as Twist Grain Boundary (TGB) phases. Within the framework of polymer modified liquid crystals, the method of dispersing polymers in frustrated phases is also discussed.In this chapter the applications of polymer functionalized graphene (PFG) in a solid state battery and supercapacitors are discussed. In a solid state battery the use of PFG as anode, cathode and electrolyte are discussed with some examples. Electrode materials with rapid charge and discharge rates in lithium ion batteries (LIBs) using PFG are noted. They also exhibit long cycle life, high energy density and excellent rate capability, with high reversible Li+ storage capacity and rapid Li+ transport. Solid polymer electrolyte (SPE) materials with reduced crystallinity and higher ionic conductivity is very much necessary and here their development is discussed using PFG. PFG is highly used in flexible supercapacitors because of the large specific surface area, high mechanical stability and good conducting properties of graphene or reduced graphene oxide (RGO). Controlled reduction of GO is found to behave as a good supercapacitor and hence functionalization of GO/RGO with conducting polymers are found to be very useful as electrode material for increasing the specific capacitance of the supercapacitor devices. Here polymer functionalization of GO both by covalent and noncovalent ways are discussed for their use as electrode materials of supercapacitors. The specific capacitance, power density, energy density, cyclic stability, including Ragone plot, etc., for all the systems are discussed making the use of three electrode and two electrode systems during the use of cyclic voltammetry (CV) technique in the presence of an electrolyte which is mostly acids or ionic liquids. Variation of specific capacitance with different current densities are discussed for their utility in practical application. Both symmetric and asymmetric super capacitor devices fabricated with PFG electrodes are also discussed with an aim to improve the specific capacitance of the device and also for their long term stability.Although most common, polymer modification of liquid crystals does not necessarily need to imply the formation of oriented networks from reactive monomers. Existing polymers can be simply dissolved within a liquid crystal. This affects largely the physical properties of the liquid crystal, and in particular its viscosity, and therefore also its response times. For ferroelectric liquid crystals the spontaneous polarization and the tilt angle are also affected. For frustrated phases the phase diagrams are largely changed. In this chapter an overview is provided of the different effects of polymer-liquid crystal mixtures on rheology, electro-optics and thermodynamics.This paper addresses two questions for polymer flooding. First, what polymer solution viscosity should be injected? A base-case reservoir-engineering method is present for making that decision, which focuses on waterflood mobility ratios and the permeability contrast in the reservoir. However, some current field applications use injected polymer viscosities that deviate substantially from this methodology. At one end of the range, Canadian projects inject only 30-cp polymer solutions to displace 1000-3000-cp oil. Logic given to support this choice include (1) the mobility ratio in an unfavorable displacement is not as bad as indicated by the endpoint mobility ratio, (2) economics limit use of higher polymer concentrations, (3) some improvement in mobility ratio is better than a straight waterflood, (4) a belief that the polymer will provide a substantial residual resistance factor (permeability reduction), and (5) injectivity limits the allowable viscosity of the injected fluid. At the other end of the range, a project in Daqing, China, injected 150-300-cp polymer solutions to displace 10-cp oil. The primary reason given for this choice was a belief that high molecular weight viscoelastic HPAM polymers can reduce the residual oil saturation below that expected for a waterflood or for less viscous polymer floods. This paper will examine the validity of each of these beliefs.The second question is: when should polymer injection be stopped or reduced? For existing polymer floods, this question is particularly relevant in the current low oil-price environment. Should these projects be switched to water injection immediately? Should the polymer concentration be reduced or graded? Should the polymer concentration stay the same but reduce the injection rate? These questions are discussed.A novel polymer was synthesised using functionalized carbon nanotube and acrylamide as the polymer support for the separation of testosterone. The developed polymers were characterised using FT-IR, XRD, and SEM techniques. Imprinted polymer showed specificity towards the template testosterone. Among the various polymers, the MWCNT incorporated polymer showed high binding towards the used template. Investigation of the selectivity characteristics revealed that the developed polymer showed selectivity toward the template testosterone than similar compounds. The bound template could be totally recovered and regenerated polymer maintains its recognition property after repeated use. On the basis of the results, the imprinted polymer can be applied for the direct extraction of testosterone in clinical analysis. The ultimate aim of tissue engineering entails fabrication of functional replacements for damaged organs or tissues. Scaffolds facilitate the proliferation of cells, while also improving their various functions. Scaffolds are 3-D structures capable of imitating mechanical and bioactive behaviors of tissues extracellular matrix, which provides enabling environment for cellular bonding, proliferation, and distinction. Hence, scaffolds are often applied in tissue engineering with the aim of facilitating damaged tissue regeneration which is a very important aspect of bone repair. Polymers are broadly utilized in tissue engineering due to their inherent versatility. However, polymers cannot attain mechanical behavior comparable to the bone. Thus, polymer nanocomposites fabricated through inclusion of fibers/or uniformly distributed ceramic/metallic nanoparticles in the matrix are potential materials for bone scaffold fabrication because inclusion of fiber or nanoparticles enhances composites mechanical behavior, while also improving other properties. Hence, this article elucidates recent trailblazing studies in polymer fiber composites and nanocomposites applied in the medical field especially in tissue engineering and bone regeneration. Also insights into market prospects and forecasts are presented. Because of the recent emphasis on green chemistry, there has been interest in using supercritical carbon dioxide (sc CO2) as a solvent or swelling agent to aid in polymer processing and polymer chemistry (Adamsky and Beckman, 1994; DeSimone et al., 1992; Hayes and McCarthy, 1998; Kung et al., 1998; Mistele et al., 1996; Romack et al., 1995; Watkins and McCarthy, 1995). Supercritical CO2 is a very weak solvent for most polymers (some fluoropolymers and silicones are exceptions); however, it swells most polymers and dissolves many small molecules (Berens and Huvard, 1989). The density of a supercritical fluid (SCF), and thus its solvent strength, is continuously tunable as a function of temperature or pressure up to liquidlike values. This provides the ability to control the degree of swelling in a polymer as well as the partitioning of small-molecule penetrants between a swollen polymer phase and the fluid phase. The low viscosity and zero surface tension of SCFs allows for fast transfer of penetrants into swollen polymers. The lack of vapor/liquid coexistance in SCFs allows the sorption to proceed without the penetrant solution wetting the substrate surface. Since most of the common SCFs are gases at ambient conditions, the removal and recovery of the solvent from the final product is extremely facile. All of these factors aid in a new method we have developed for preparing polymer composites. This method involves the absorption of a supercritical solution of a monomer, initiator, and CO2 into a solid polymer substrate and subsequent thermal polymerization of the monomer to yield a composite system of the two polymers. We have focused on radical polymerization of styrene within various solid semicrystalline polymer substrates (Hayes and McCarthy, 1998; Kung et al., 1998; Watkins and McCarthy, 1995). Table 10.1 lists a number of systems that we have studied to make polymer–polystyrene composites. The method for preparing the polymer blends listed in Table 10.1 involves the soaking of the substrate polymer in a supercritical solution of styrene, a thermal radical initiator, and CO2 at a temperature where the initiator decomposes very slowly (half-lives of hundreds of hours). This paper details the synthesis of a well-defined hyperbranched polymer using a slow monomer addition method. The polymerization under slow monomer addition conditions results in a very low monomer concentration actually present in the reaction mixture, and the exclusive reaction of the monomer with the growing polyfunctional macromolecules occurs, resulting in a high molecular weight and a high degree of branching value. Thus, the slow monomer addition is a versatile and preferential method for the controlled synthesis of a well-defined hyperbranched polymer with both a high molecular weight and a high degree of branching value. In current competitive market every day a new design and manufacturing concept is evolved in polymer processing technology. The industries to cater the need of customers, apart from conventional polymer part manufacturing processes they are in need to develop new manufacturing techniques. This necessitates the need for new flexible polymer processing method that reduces design and manufacturing lead time. Research is on to develop new innovative process strategies and methods in the area of polymer processing. Such one technology is incremental forming (IF) of polymers. In this incremental polymer sheet forming process there is no need to develop dedicated dies and moulds. As a result high investment on moulds and dies was totally eliminated. It is a very much flexible part forming process and is enabled with the help of Computer Numerical Control (CNC) technology. In this paper, numerical and experimental investigations are carried out for the applicability of Incremental forming in polymer part manufacturing. A Finite Element (FE) model is developed for the 3-D numerical simulation of incremental forming process of polymers using commercial software HYPERFORM. The developed model can predict the thickness distribution and percentage thinning of the blank. The FEA results and experimental results are compared for validation with the part design parameters (geometrical and physical parameters). Furthermore, this numerical simulation predicts the failure of polymers in IF process and it is verified with experimental results. By this numerical simulation, failure prediction can be done without expensive shop trials. This study investigates the mechanical properties of lightweight polymer concrete (LWPC) containing four different polymer ratios (10%, 12%, 14%, and 16%) tested at three different temperatures (−15 °C, +5 °C, and +25 °C) using destructive and non-destructive tests. In addition, a series of expressions are suggested to predict the splitting-tensile, flexural and impact strength of LWPC based on the main parameters and compressive strength. The analysis of variance (ANOVA) method was also used to determine relative contributions of the experimental parameters. The results of the destructive tests show that increasing the polymer ratio caused an increase in the compressive, splitting-tensile, and impact strengths, and energy absorption of LWPC. With decreasing the temperature from +25 °C to −15 °C, the compressive, splitting-tensile, flexural strengths, and elastic modulus (EM) increased, whereas the energy absorption, impact energy, and ductility decreased. The findings of this research provide beneficial information toward understanding the behavior of LWPC and its safe use in engineering applications where a material of high strength-to-weight ratio is required. Recycled poly(ethylene terephthalate), PET, mainly recovered from plastic beverage bottles, can be used to produce unsaturated polyester resins. Polymer concrete (PC) made with these resins has been investigated for potential use in construction and structural applications. Resins using recycled PET offer the possibility of a lower source cost of materials for making useful PC-based products. The recycling of PET in PC would also help solve some of the solid waste problem posed by plastics and save energy.  An examination is made of the steady-state flow in a cylindrical pipe of a polymer binder containing solid filler particles. A polymer melt or solution whose flow obeys Oswald de Ville's law can be used as the binder. In formulae for calculating the flow velocity profile and the volume flow rate, above all account is taken of the influence of the volume content, and also of the shape and fractional composition of the filler particles and the physicochemical interaction of the filler with the binder, on the rheological properties of the polymer suspension.  Syntactic foam products are most often made from glass microballoons embedded in a thermosetting polymer matrix, and they have good mechanical and thermal properties. However, the glass microballoons easily break in shear and are therefore very difficult to use for manufacturing methods that cause shearing of the material. Polymer microballoons are an alternative by which it is possible to produce a foamed product using unmodified commercial extruders or injection moulding machines. The present study deals with the viscoelastic properties of extruded polyethylene (PE) and a foam made from PE and approximately 40 volume percent of polymer microballoons. Results are shown from creep tests carried out at three temperatures and with three force levels, and from stress relaxation tests carried out at room temperature and with five deformation levels. The overall conclusion was that for some applications the foam will be the best choice, whereas for others it is more advantageous to use bulk polyethylene. 
This paper presents the effect of rice husk ash (RHA) as fine filler, partially replacing sand (fine aggregate) in the composition of epoxy resin based polymer mortar (PM) and polymer concrete (PC), to make them advantageous and lessen their adverse effects on the environment. Assessment was carried out on the basis of the mechanical (compressive, flexural, tensile strength), physical (water sorption, chloride ion penetration) and morphological (porosity) properties of polymer mortar and polymer concrete. The microstructure of the PM specimens (with RHA and without RHA) is examined by scanning electron microscopy (SEM). The amount of RHA in the composition of PM and PC is optimized. The experimental result shows that the optimum replacement of sand by RHA in the composition of PM and PC has a favorable influence on mechanical, physical and morphological properties of the mortar and concrete. Polymer composites for structural applications are prone to damage emanating from cracks which are formed deep within the material where detection is not easy and repairing almost not feasible. Material cracking results in mechanical deterioration of pre-reinforced polymer composites utilized in microelectronic polymer-based components which can result in electrical failure. Micro-cracking occurring as a result of thermally and mechanically induced fatigue is additionally an established challenge in polymer performance. Self-healing composites are materials exhibiting capability of automatically recovering when damaged. They derive their inspiration through biological systems peculiar to the human skin which exhibit a natural tendency to undergo healing by themselves. Irrespective of their application, the instance cracks are formed within a polymeric composite and the structural integrity of the material is remarkably compromised. Therefore, this article elucidates very recently emerging advancements on self-healing composites. Challenges, prospects, future market disposition, and application of self-healing composites are also presented. With the growing interest focused on the broadband network systems, optical fiber network for high speed telecommunication becomes more important in the premise network area. Silica base single mode fiber is an ideal medium for long distance communication because of its high transparency and high bandwidth, while its much low attenuation is minor advantage in the short distance network. As many data distributions and fiber connections are required in the premises wiring and LANs, low coupling and distribution losses must be maintained. Therefore, we have proposed a large-core, high-bandwidth graded-index polymer optical fiber (GI POF) for high speed data "transmission" medium, and we succeeded in several gigabit transmission in 100 m GI POF link. However, as the GI POF was composed of poly methyl methacrylate (PMMA), its high attenuation of transmission limited the GI POF link length to approximately 100 m. Recently we proposed the low-loss perfluorinated (PF) polymer base GI POF which enables more than 300-m transmission with maintaining high data rate. Polymer composites are used in various applications because of its universal properties. In the present investigation the vinyl ester matrix composites were developed with glass fiber and carbon fiber as reinforcements. The composites were manufactured by using hand layup process and the tests were conducted as per ASTM testing standards. The inter laminar shear strength and impact strength of carbon reinforced composites have improved when compared with glass fiber reinforced composites. Whereas glass fiber reinforced composites have shown better shore-D hardness. Interdiffusion of polymer chains plays an important role in establishing good adhesion at polymer interfaces as well as in the kinetics of phase separation and mixing in polymer blends. Reptation, a process in which a given linear chain crawls along a primitive path defined by the topological constraints due to the surrounding chains, is thought to be the most important diffusion mechanism. A reptating chain of Volecular weight M should have a tracer diffusion coefficient given by D =D =D M, where D depends on the Rouse mobility of the chain and an entang ement molecular weight, M. Because the topological constraints are assumed to be fixed, D is independent of the molecular weight P of the polymer into which the M-chains are diffusing. In principle however if M is large enough and P is small enough the M-chain can diffuse by rearrangement of the P-chains surrounding it, a process called constraint release. The D for this process, D= α), where α is a constant approximately equal to 13, increases strongly with decreasing P. Recent experimental results, which give evidence for both reptation and constraint release, will be reviewed. These results have important implications for the diffusion of nonlinear polymer chains, e.g. stars and rings.We would like to take this opportunity to highlight the Outstanding Reviewers for Polymer Chemistry in 2022, as selected by the editorial team for their significant contribution to the journal. Multiple-beam Fizeau fringes with a modified method are described for the measurement of refractive indices and birefringence of fibres. This method is used to overcome difficulties in measuring refractive indices of immersion liquids as well as the correcting for dispersion and temperature. Two fibres are used for each measurement. The first fibre is of known mean refractive index and dispersion properties. The other fibre is of unknown values of refractive indices. A mathematical formula is derived for the modified method in case of the shape of multiple-beam interference Fizeau fringes crossing a homogeneous cylindrical fibre, as well as an equation to determine the refractive indices and birefringence for fibre having irregular cross-section. This method with microstrain device is applied to determine the optical properties of “Terylene” polyester fibre dynamically with different draw ratios. Also stretched polyethylene fibre is studied using the modified method. The calculated refractive indices using this method are compared with those obtained using the normal method. Microinterferograms are given for illustration.  The objective of this study was to investigate a mechanism for enhancing the tribological properties of a green polymer material using MoS, which is a common material with good tribological qualities. In this study, MoS nanoparticles were added to the biopolymer hydroxypropyl methylcellulose, obtaining an evident enhancement of the tribological behavior. The suitable content of MoS can provide the best structure of the composite film and optimize the transfer layer, and further enhance the tribological properties. The addition of 5–10% MoS particles to the polymer can improve the surface roughness up to 60%, reduce the friction coefficient of the thin-film material by more than 40% and reduce the wear rate of the substrate by 65%. The mechanism by which MoS additives enhance the tribological properties of the biopolymer material lies in the reduction of the run-in time in the initial stage of wear by modifying the surface roughness. This effect accelerates the formation of a transfer layer of good quality and provides good tribological properties.  Multiple-beam Fizeau fringes with a modified method are described for the measurement of refractive indices and birefringence of fibres. This method is used to overcome difficulties in measuring refractive indices of immersion liquids as well as the correcting for dispersion and temperature. Two fibres are used for each measurement. The first fibre is of known mean refractive index and dispersion properties. The other fibre is of unknown values of refractive indices. A mathematical formula is derived for the modified method in case of the shape of multiple-beam interference Fizeau fringes crossing a homogeneous cylindrical fibre, as well as an equation to determine the refractive indices and birefringence for fibre having irregular cross-section. This method with microstrain device is applied to determine the optical properties of “Terylene” polyester fibre dynamically with different draw ratios. Also stretched polyethylene fibre is studied using the modified method. The calculated refractive indices using this method are compared with those obtained using the normal method. Microinterferograms are given for illustration.  Different permeation models have been compared with the experimental barrier performance of the polyethylene and polypropylene layered-silicate nanocomposites. It was observed that the models assuming the perfect orientation of filler platelets did not represent the nanocomposite system accurately, whereas the models incorporating the misalignment and incomplete filler exfoliation effects were more efficient. Such models also predicted reduction in the barrier performance of the nanocomposites due to saturation of the polymer matrix with the platelets at a particular filler fraction, an observation which was also experimentally confirmed. Further combinations of these models with each other generated additional insights into the nanocomposite systems such as average aspect ratio, extent of filler platelet randomness, relative platelets distance, shape factor and aggregate thickness etc. As a beneficial alternative, modelling and prediction of the barrier performance of the polymer nanocomposites was also demonstrated using the mixture and factorial design methods. Using factorial design methods, aspect ratio as well as percent randomness of the filler platelets in the nanocomposites could be quantified by knowing beforehand the permeation performance and filler volume fraction. Alternatively, by knowing either the aspect ratio or percent randomness revealed the average permeation behaviour in the nanocomposite of known filler volume fraction.  Recycled poly(ethylene terephthalate), PET, mainly recovered from plastic beverage bottles, can be used to produce unsaturated polyester resins. Polymer concrete (PC) made with these resins has been investigated for potential use in construction and structural applications. Resins using recycled PET offer the possibility of a lower source cost of materials for making useful PC-based products. The recycling of PET in PC would also help solve some of the solid waste problem posed by plastics and save energy.  The application of Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) techniques (dielectric spectroscopy, thermal conductivity and thermal activity) to different polymers, including fibre reinforced materials with and without voids is described. The NDT results are shown to correlate well with the structural parameters of the polymers.  The application of Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) techniques (dielectric spectroscopy, thermal conductivity and thermal activity) to different polymers, including fibre reinforced materials with and without voids is described. The NDT results are shown to correlate well with the structural parameters of the polymers. Recently, the stabilization and modification of liquid crystals via dispersed particles has attracted increased research attention. This method and the respective materials can be combined with methods of polymer modification, so as to achieve an amplified impact on stabilization and property tuning. Examples are provided for PDLCs as well as PSLCs, where effects on polymer morphology are discussed alongside those on materials performance.By means of the density functional theory framework I tackle the long-standing problem of a polymer star interpenetrating with a polymer brush at thermal equilibrium. Remarkably, the star is repelled to the outside of the brush once it sucks into the brush. It turns out that there could be a highly fluctuating region at the brush edge. The highlyfluctuating region would be responsible for discontinuous absorption transitions by brushes. However, up to an small interpenetration length, below which asphericity of the star is maintained, the star gets collapsed by sucking more and more into the brush.<jats:title />No abstract availableIn this chapter, the functionalization of graphene oxide, reduced graphene oxide and graphene quantum dots with conducting polymers like polyaniline, polypyrrole and polythiophene for applications in photovoltaics are discussed. Both covalent and noncovalent functionalized polymer–graphene nanocomposites suitable for photovoltaic energy generation are discussed for bulk heterojunction, dye sensitized and perovskite solar cells. Detailed analysis of the short-circuit current (Jsc), fill factor and power conversion efficiency of the photovoltaic cells is made from analysis of spectral data, bandgap analysis, impedance spectral data of the cells, etc.Polymer functionalized graphene (PFG) produced with biocompatible polymers has been found to be highly useful in ultrasensitive biosensors, drug delivery, gene delivery, cell imaging, smart implants, wound management, etc. For example PNIPAM grafted GO improves dispersibility both in aqueous and cell media, better biocompatibility and cell viability compared to GO and displays exciting fluorescence properties. Both hydrophilic (doxorubicin, DOX) and hydrophobic (indomethacin) drugs can be delivered at biological pH to cancer cells. Apart from the targeted drug delivery application of PFG, it is efficiently used in gene delivery, tissue engineering, biosensors, body implants, wound healing, etc. These applications are embodied with a few examples in different sections. This chapter deals with a concise account of these uses, mostly in the fields of biomedical and biotechnological applications. In each field of application of PFG they are discussed with some specific examples elaborating the general principles involved along with their technological overview.Polymer stabilized liquid crystals are introduced, by outlining the polymerization of photoreactive monomers to form phase separated polymer networks, templating the structures of the liquid crystal phases they were formed in. The latter is demonstrated for a range of different liquid crystal phases and director configurations. The electro-optic properties are then discussed in relation to the polymer morphology, which in turn is related to the polymerization conditions.
A unique feature of molecular iodine by far, is its ability to bind to polymeric materials. A plethora of natural and synthetic polymers develop complexes when treated with molecular iodine, or with a mixture of molecular iodine and potassium iodide. Many unexpected findings have been encountered upon complexation of iodine and the polymer skeleton, including the color formation, the polymer morphology changes, the complexation sites or regions, the biological activity, and the electrical conductivity enhancement of the complexes, with polyiodides (I¯), mainly I¯ and I¯, as the actual binding species. Natural polymers that afford such complexes with iodine species are starch (amylose and amylopectin), chitosan, glycogen, silk, wool, albumin, cellulose, xylan, and natural rubber; iodine-starch being the oldest iodine-natural polymer complex. By contrast, numerous synthetic polymers are prone to make complexes, including poly(vinyl alcohol) (PVA), poly(vinyl pyrrolidone) (PVP), nylons, poly(Schiff base)s, polyaniline, unsaturated polyhydrocarbons (carbon nanotubes, fullerenes C, polyacetylene; iodine-PVA being the oldest iodine-synthetic polymer complex. Nanocomposites of conducting polymer (polyaniline, PANI) nanoparticles with zinc oxide (ZnO) nanoparticles as inorganic filler and cellulose acetate (CA) as supporting matrix were prepared by a solution-casting method using N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP) as solvent. The nanocomposites were studied for their DC electrical conductivity and stability in terms of electrical conductivity retention by isothermal accelerated ageing and cyclic accelerated ageing techniques using a four-in-line probe instrument. The nanocomposites were also characterized by FTIR, SEM, TEM, TGA and XRD. All the nanocomposite formulations followed an Arrhenius-type temperature dependence of electrical conductivity, which supported a semiconducting nature for their HCl doped state. The electrical conductivity of the as-prepared HCl doped nanocomposites was also found to be in the semiconducting region. The studied nanocomposite formulations showed good stability towards retention of their electrical conductivity up to 90°C. X-ray diffractometry (XRD) data suggested the uniform incorporation of zinc oxide nanoparticles in the polymer matrix.  The time-dependent behaviour of a cold cure epoxy polymer was investigated by different types of tests including compression, tension, biaxial loading, strain recovery, stress relaxation, creep and cyclic creep. This epoxy showed nonlinear viscoelastic behaviour since strains were fully recovered after stresses were removed and sufficient time was allowed for the recovery. A linear viscoelastic constitutive model has been extended to the nonlinear regime, and used to simulate the test results. It was found that the model is capable of predicting the observed trends for different types of tests. With one set of specified material constants, the model provides a fairly good prediction for several types of tests. However, this trend may not hold for other types of tests, for which the material constants were not calibrated, although the general trend would be predicted satisfactorily. The fibre type effect on mixed-mode I/II interlaminar fracture in unidirectional fibre reinforced polymer composite beams is studied. Linear-elastic fracture mechanics is applied. Three composite systems (with three different types of reinforcing fibres) are investigated. The fracture behaviour is studied in terms of the strain energy release rate using a three-dimensional virtual crack closure technique. For this purpose, a three-dimensional linear-elastic finite element model of the composite beam is developed. The distribution of the strain energy release rate mode components along the crack front is analyzed. The findings are verified by the crack closure technique. The calculations reveal that the strain energy release rate decreases with increase of the modulus of elasticity of the reinforcing fibres. This finding is attributed to the increase of the beam stiffness with the composite modulus of elasticity. This study is concerned with the use of a novel ladder polymer (SCL) as a conductive filler in insulating thermoplastics and thermosets. SCL, which had apristine electrical conductivity of 8.0 x 10 Scm, was mixed with poly(methylmethacrylate) (PMMA) and polyesters in various volume loadings in order to determine percolation behaviour. A maximum electrical conductivity of 1.2 x 10 Scm was observed at loading of 13% v/v in polyester resin, while the maximum conductivity observed with PMMA was 7.3 x 10 Scm at a loading of 11.2% by volume. The maximum conductivity was slightly lower for thin composite films of SCL/ PMMA. The thermal stability of the composite samples was found to be dependent upon the thermal stability of the host plastic since the composite showed decomposition behaviour characteristic of two separate phases. Thermal ageing of the composite samples at 100°C and 175°C showed that the electrical conductivities were stable at these temperatures over long periods of time. However, ageing at 250°C led to a decrease in electrical conductivity.  New comb-shaped polymers containing side polyoxyethylene blocks were synthesised. For the case of model compounds, the possibility of using the polymers obtained as matrices of chemical optical sensors was assessed. The influence of the length and number of block substituents on the swelling of the polymers in water was investigated. Almost 100% binding of the model compounds by the polymer matrix was observed, and also the practically complete absence of hydrolysis of the model compounds for 1 h. The conducted investigations showed the promise of using the polymers obtained as matrices for chemical optical sensors.  Methods of accelerated ageing of polymer composites are compared. The effect of microwave radiation on polymeric materials with improved dielectric characteristics is examined.  This manuscript looks at questions to do with the creation of filled biodegradable polymer composites based on agro-industrial complex (AIC) and packaging waste with a view to producing raw material and items made from it. Attention is given to study of the physical/mechanical properties of filled biodegradable polymer composites. Processes of biodegradation of polymer composites filled with AIC wastes are considered.  In this investigation glass-fibre/epoxy-resin laminates with [±45, 90 lay-ups were immersed in distilled water at different temperatures. In particular, three sets of coupon specimens were exposed for about 2 years to varying histories consisting of dry conditions or immersion-dry-out-and-re-immersion treatments, while keeping the temperature constant for each set. Moisture absorption behaviour and the effect of the environment and temperature on the mechanical properties were determined. It was found that there was a strong synergy between temperature and environment. Immersion in distilled water at ambient temperature did not affect the mechanical properties, on the contrary, it increased the threshold strain to crack initiation. However, specimens immersed at T50°C showed deterioration in all respects. Exposure to cycles of wet and dry conditions at high temperatures were the most damaging environment. The underlying damage mechanisms and microscopic causes leading to the deterioration of the mechanical properties are discussed.  The time-dependent behaviour of a cold cure epoxy polymer was investigated by different types of tests including compression, tension, biaxial loading, strain recovery, stress relaxation, creep and cyclic creep. This epoxy showed nonlinear viscoelastic behaviour since strains were fully recovered after stresses were removed and sufficient time was allowed for the recovery. A linear viscoelastic constitutive model has been extended to the nonlinear regime, and used to simulate the test results. It was found that the model is capable of predicting the observed trends for different types of tests. With one set of specified material constants, the model provides a fairly good prediction for several types of tests. However, this trend may not hold for other types of tests, for which the material constants were not calibrated, although the general trend would be predicted satisfactorily.  Unfilled polymers do not fulfill in many cases the specific end use requirements in terms of cost, stiffness, flame retardancy or other properties. Maleic anhydride grafted polymers have been evaluated as coupling agents in various polyolefm-filler systems such as ATH (Alumina trihydrate), calcium carbonate, glass and mica. Substantial increases in the elongation and impact strength properties can be achieved in highly filled blends using coupling agents. In concentrated suspensions of polymer-functionalized nanoparticles, the softness of the core nanoparticles has a crucial effect on the mechanical behaviour of the resulting colloidal gels. Blends of polyurethane elastomers and carboxylated nitrile rubber, prepared by three different techniques in different blend ratios, have been studied. The properties of the blends were improved by blending with polyurethanes in a sulphur cured blend system. In the peroxide cure system the improvements occurred when the preblends were heated before incorporating curatives into it. Blend properties largely depend on the blend ratio and on the blending technique. IR spectra reveal that interchain crosslinking occurred between polyurethane and carboxylated nitrile rubber on heating, in the absence of curatives. The preheating of the blends before adding curatives improved the properties of the blends; the degradation process and weight loss were retarded. The extraction of the carboxylated nitrile rubber (XNBR) phase in the solvents was also restricted on preheating, due to interchain crosslinking. In order to simulate the heat transfer phenomenon during rotational molding an alternative approach for the melt front treatment has been used. It was considered that a polymer particle adheres to the inner mould wall or to the polymer layer when the temperature reaches the melting point of polymer. The result of this alternative adhesion of new particles on molten polymer layer is the progress of melt front until all of particle are added to the inner surface of the polymer in the mold.The simulation was based on an explicit finite volumes scheme which, allows to proceed with a fixed mesh of the whole domain. A numerical test, then, has been performed to illustrate the capabilities of the proposed model. The results of this numerical test showed the temperature evolution of external mold surface, in the molten polymer layer and on the interface molten polymer layer – air/polymer mixture region. These results have been then interpreted.Liquid crystals are compounds that display order in the liquid state above the melting temperature and below the mesogenic isotropic temperature. Polymer-dispersed liquid crystals (PDLCs) are composite materials in which liquid crystalline material is dispersed within a polymer matrix to form micron-sized droplets. The aim was to prepare several cholesteryl esters or alkoxybenzoic acid PDLCs and characterise thermal and optical properties. Differential scanning calorimetry and polarized optical microscopy were employed. The matrix polymer was a one-component UV-curable epoxy-acrylate resin. PDLCs were formed through entropy controlled phase separation resulting from UV-initiated crosslinking. The liquid crystals, both as mesogenic moieties and as dispersed droplets, exhibited various textures according to their molecular order and orientation. These textures formed in constrained regions separated by phase boundaries that occurred at temperatures characteristic of each liquid crystal used. The PDLC phase transitions occurred at temperatures lower than those exhibited by the mesogenic components in the neat state. A linear dynamic viscosity compensation effect has been found in artificial “petroleum residue-polyolefin” systems. Knowledge of the features of this effect makes it possible to produce petroleum-polymer compounds with assigned rheological properties.  Blends of polyurethane elastomers and carboxylated nitrile rubber, prepared by three different techniques in different blend ratios, have been studied. The properties of the blends were improved by blending with polyurethanes in a sulphur cured blend system. In the peroxide cure system the improvements occurred when the preblends were heated before incorporating curatives into it. Blend properties largely depend on the blend ratio and on the blending technique. IR spectra reveal that interchain crosslinking occurred between polyurethane and carboxylated nitrile rubber on heating, in the absence of curatives. The preheating of the blends before adding curatives improved the properties of the blends; the degradation process and weight loss were retarded. The extraction of the carboxylated nitrile rubber (XNBR) phase in the solvents was also restricted on preheating, due to interchain crosslinking. Microwave processing of carbon fibre-reinforced polymer (CFRP) composites is gaining increasing attention as an alternative to conventional thermal processing techniques. It has the potential to reduce part processing times and alleviate the bottleneck that often exists in composite component production. The present study reviews the current research and the state-of-the-art of microwave processing of CFRP composites. The benefits and limitations of microwave processing compared with traditional thermal processing methods are examined. The mechanical properties of microwave-cured composites are compared against conventionally-cured counterparts with varying levels of success. Current industrial microwave heating technologies are also examined. It is evident that microwave processing of polymer composites is promising but has notable limiting factors which have stunted its uptake in industry. Due to their prevalence in literature, CFRP composites with thermosetting matrices are the focus of this review. However, potential applications to carbon fibre-reinforced thermoplastics are also briefly described. A novel kind of self-doped conducting polymer blend has been produced. Poly[3-(2-methoxyethoxy)-ethoxymethylthiophene-2,5-diyl] was chosen as the electron-rich (donor) conducting polymer and poly (3-nitropyridine-2,5-diyl) (PPyr-3-NO) was chosen as the electron-deficient (acceptor) polymer. The latter was synthesised following a revised literature method. The dopant-free conjugated polymers were dissolved in N,N-dimethylformamide and were mixed together in electrically-equivalent proportions. Solvent-cast films of the resulting blends were studied by UV and ESR spectrometry and by cyclic voltammetry, and evidence of charge transfer included the increased extent of conjugation observed by UV analysis, increased number of unpaired electrons found by ESR analysis, increased electronic conductivity and the shifts in the doping and dedoping peaks in cyclic voltammetry.  In this study, the tension-tension fatigue response of bidirectional woven E-glass fibre reinforced unsaturated polyester composites was experimentally determined. The composite parts were produced via continuous laminating process. The probabilistic fatigue life distribution of the produced composites at various constant stress levels was then modelled, based on the two-parameter Weibull approach. A variety of different methods including graphical, method of moments and the maximum likelihood were conducted to predict the Weibull parameters. For the sake of reliability, the composite fatigue life data gathered at each constant stress level were correlated with the approvals of Kolmogorov-Smirnow goodness-of-fit test. Furthermore, the two parameter Weibull approach was utilized to relate the composite failure probability to the number of fatigue cycles that the composite withstands under a given load. As a result, the two-parameter Weibull approach has proved to be an efficient statistical tool to assess the reliability of polymer composite structures. A solid polymer electrolyte fabricated using ion containing microgels manifests high ionic conductivity for potential use in lithium batteries.We have fabricated organic solar cell of a new low bandgap polymer poly[4,4-bis(2-ethylhexyl)-4-4,7-bis(2-thienyl)-2,1,3-benzothiadiazole-5′,5′′-diyl] (PCPDTTBTT). We have investigated for the first time the stability tests, ISOS-L-1 and ISOS-D-3, of PCPDTTBTT solar cells. Thermal annealing of PCPDTTBTT solar cells at 80°C brought about an improvement of photocurrent generation, stability, and efficiency of the solar cells. T value of PCPDTTBTT solar cell is about 150 hours which is close to P3HT (235 h). PCPDTTBTT is very promising polymer for both polymer solar cell efficiency and stability. This paper gives a general overview of analytical methods for investigating polymers and fibres. As well as methods of thermal analysis, such as DSC, TMDSC, TGA and DMA, physical measurement techniques such as wide-angle X-ray diffraction, rheometry and pycnometry are also described. A chemical testing procedure – Karl Fischer titration – is also discussed. In addition, optical investigations such as electron microscopy are presented.  Unfilled polymers do not fulfill in many cases the specific end use requirements in terms of cost, stiffness, flame retardancy or other properties. Maleic anhydride grafted polymers have been evaluated as coupling agents in various polyolefm-filler systems such as ATH (Alumina trihydrate), calcium carbonate, glass and mica. Substantial increases in the elongation and impact strength properties can be achieved in highly filled blends using coupling agents.  This study is concerned with the use of a novel ladder polymer (SCL) as a conductive filler in insulating thermoplastics and thermosets. SCL, which had apristine electrical conductivity of 8.0 x 10 Scm, was mixed with poly(methylmethacrylate) (PMMA) and polyesters in various volume loadings in order to determine percolation behaviour. A maximum electrical conductivity of 1.2 x 10 Scm was observed at loading of 13% v/v in polyester resin, while the maximum conductivity observed with PMMA was 7.3 x 10 Scm at a loading of 11.2% by volume. The maximum conductivity was slightly lower for thin composite films of SCL/ PMMA. The thermal stability of the composite samples was found to be dependent upon the thermal stability of the host plastic since the composite showed decomposition behaviour characteristic of two separate phases. Thermal ageing of the composite samples at 100°C and 175°C showed that the electrical conductivities were stable at these temperatures over long periods of time. However, ageing at 250°C led to a decrease in electrical conductivity.  A new coloured polymer particle was prepared, in which chromophoric groups were introduced onto the surface of the polymer particle for use in electronic ink. The structure, morphology and thermal stability of polymer electrophoretic particles were characterized using FTIR, solid state C-NMR, SEM and TGA. Electrophoretic mobility measurements proved that the polymer particles had negative charges in the electrophoretic dispersion medium. Electronic ink microcapsules containing the polymer particles were prepared by coacervation. The polymer particles had a reversible electric response in the microcapsules under a DC electric field. This chapter outlines important aspects and progression from graphene to polymer/graphene nanocomposite to a relevant defense application. Graphene is unique nanocarbon material having a large surface area, high Young's modulus, thermal conductivity, electrical conductivity, and optical transmittance. Engineering thermoplastic polymers have been employed as matrices for graphene reinforcement. Various routes have been employed for graphene-filled polymeric nanomaterials. Intrinsic physical properties of nanocomposite depend on graphene modification and dispersion techniques. Polymer/graphene nanocomposite may have multifunctional characteristics due to synergistic effect of polymer/graphene. The article mainly discusses nanocomposite with potential uses in soldierly applications including flame resistance, ballistic protection, electromagnetic interference shielding, electrostatic-charge dissipation, sensors, corrosion protection, fuel cell, batteries, etc. The gestalt of defense applications of polymer/graphene nanocomposite may offer future perspective to develop promising materials.  A model of the stress state in the weld zone of a polymer construction is examined. A viscoelastic solution of the problem is obtained using the temperature–time analogy principle.  The Theological characterisation of novel polymers is increasingly recognised as vitally important for the prediction and characterisation of processing performance. This paper discusses the use of laboratory scale capillary rheometry and shows that apparent viscosity data at appropriate shear rates correlates well with the behaviour of polymer melts.  Human hair is a biofiber having an exceptional chemical composition, higher strength in tension, and slow decomposition rate. In the present work, composites are fabricated by simple hand layup technique with epoxy matrix and different proportions of hair fiber (0, 5, 10, 15, and 20 wt%). Physical, mechanical, microstructural, and thermal characterization of the composite samples has been done by following the proper ASTM standards. A theoretical model has been developed to predict the effective thermal conductivity of the composite. Based on this model, a mathematical correlation between the effective thermal conductivity of the composite and the fiber content is developed. The results obtained from this correlation are in good agreement with the experimental data. This study explores the possibility of fabricating a class of epoxy composites with higher mechanical strength, superior insulation capability, improved glass transition temperature, and a low thermal expansion coefficient.  A research project explored the possibilities of modifying coating polymers with clay minerals, in particular with organoclays or nanoclays. The investigations covered a number of types of polymers that are used for coating textile materials. The project also examined ways of optimising the properties of coatings by varying the formulations and by incorporating phyllosilicates. Particular attention was paid to improving the mechanical properties, barrier properties, flame resistance, thermal stability or ageing resistance. As well as simply characterising such changes, the study assessed the extent to which the coating polymers can be filled as homogeneously as possible with the sheet silicates and whether intercalation or exfoliation of the silicates is observed.  The Theological characterisation of novel polymers is increasingly recognised as vitally important for the prediction and characterisation of processing performance. This paper discusses the use of laboratory scale capillary rheometry and shows that apparent viscosity data at appropriate shear rates correlates well with the behaviour of polymer melts.  A novel reactive functionalised polymer modifier system based on ethylene acrylate copolymers produced by a tubular reactor polymerisation process is discussed. The tubular copolymers are unique due to the heterogeneous distribution of acrylate comonomer in the polymer chain making them more compatible with a variety of polymer systems. Because of this feature they can be used as modifiers and universal masterbatch carrier resins for a variety of polymer systems in a more appropriate way than their autoclave based homologues. The new reactive modifiers have excellent compatibility with both polar and non-polar polymers. The incorporation of a reactive functional group, such as maleic anhydride, is used to provide optimal morphology for polymer modification. Impact modification of polyamides using the new acrylate modifier is discussed. Besidessuperior impact properties, the functionalised ethylene acrylate modifier provides improved gloss in moulded parts and flow in polyamide blends compared to conventional reactive modifiers. Another feature of the finished compounds is their high elongation at break. Furthermore, the morphology of the new modifier in PA is discussed. Apart from the modification of polyamides, other applications such as coupling of mineral fillers to polymer matrices is conceivable.  In this work, ceramics barium titanate (BT) polymer composites were prepared with BT/polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) having a ceramic concentration of 10, 30, and 50% by weight using solution casting method. The prepared thin film samples were characterized by X-ray diffraction for phase analysis. Scanning electron microscope (SEM) studies on composite films revealed ceramic crystallites are well dispersed in the polymer matrix. The dielectric constant ( ε) and the AC conductivity at room temperature and at different frequencies (100 Hz–5 MHz) of the piezoelectric composites with different concentrations were investigated. The result shows that the dielectric constant of ceramic-PVA composites was found to increase as ceramic concentration increases and the dielectric loss tangent decreased with increasing concentration. AC conductivity of the composites increased with increasing frequency. A novel process for generation of a CaCO–polymer nanocomposite with a controlled three-dimensional shape was developed. Specifically, a nanocomposite with a high CaCO content was produced by introducing supercritical CO into a polymer matrix containing Ca ions. A mixture of poly(vinyl alcohol), Ca acetate, and poly(acrylic acid) was poured into a mold, the mold was placed in an autoclave, and CO was introduced to precipitate CaCO within the polymer matrix. Laser Raman spectroscopy and transmission electron microscopy showed that this process produced a nanocomposite containing highly dispersed CaCO (aragonite) nanoparticles. The flexural strength of the nanocomposite was larger than the flexural strengths of limestone and CaCO produced by hydrothermal hot pressing. The use of supercritical CO facilitated CO dissolution, which resulted in rapid precipitation of CaCO in the polymer matrix. The above-described process has potential utility for fixation of CO Radar absorbing structure (RAS) is a composite laminate with a low reflection coefficient for the electromagnetic illumination in microwave frequency range, and thereby can be used in the stealth technology and electromagnetic compatibility (EMC). In this study, microwave absorbing properties of a two-layer composite laminate (carbon black impregnated rubber sheet attached to the carbon fiber–epoxy composite panel) has been investigated. Complex permittivity and permeability of the composite materials were measured in C- and X-band frequencies (4–12 GHz) by reflection/transmission technique using a coaxial waveguide and network analyzer. Complex permittivity can be controlled with the amount of carbon black in the rubber composite. High values of dielectric constant and dielectric loss are observed in the carbon fiber composite. Optimization of microwave absorption is conducted for the two-layer RAS on the basis of transmission line theory. It is found that microwave absorption is strongly sensitive to carbon black content in the rubber composite and its layer thickness. For the rubber sheet containing 10% carbon black (with dielectric constant ≍5), the maximum microwave absorption (30 dB) is predicted at 10 GHz. Surface plasma treatment consists in changes of surface properties without changing internal properties. In this paper composite polymer/paper material is used for production of packaging in cosmetic industry. There are problems with bonding this material at the time of packaging production due to its properties. Composite surface was treated by air plasma for 1, 10, 20, and 30 s. The advancing and receding contact angles of water, formamide, and diiodomethane were measured using both treated and untreated samples. Apparent surface free energy was estimated using the hysteresis (CAH) and Van Oss, Good, Chaudhury approaches (LWAB). Surface roughness was investigated using optical profilometry and identification of after plasma treatment emerging chemical groups was made by means of the XPS (X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy) technique. After plasma treatment the values of contact angles decreased which is particularly evident for polar liquids. Apparent surface free energy increased compared to that of untreated samples. Changes of energy value are due to the electron-donor parameter of energy. This parameter increases as a result of adding polar groups at the time of surface plasma activation. Changes of surface properties are combination of increase of polar chemical functional groups, increase on the surface, and surface roughness increase.Polymer electrolyte membranes (PEMs) are important components for PEFC and are required the several functions such as high proton conductivity, film durability, and so on. Current strategy of the molecular design for PEMs is mainly the formation of phase-separated structure like Nafion, and many hydrocarbon PEMs which were composed of block copolymers have been developed. These block copolymer PEMs showed high proton conductivities and enough film durability and are the promising alternative PEMs to Nafion. On the other hand, PEMs with no phase separation were not applied practically. One of the main reasons is that highly proton-conductive homogeneous PEMs are easy to dissolve in water because large amount of sulfonic acids as a proton conductor are required. If, however, we can develop stable PEMs without any phase separation, all surfaces of PEMs can be used for proton conductivity. In order to develop stable PEMs without any phase separation, we have developed charge-transfer (CT) complex hybrid films which are composed of an electron-accepting sulfonated polyimide (SPI) and electron-donating additives. Functionality of CT films such as mechanical strength and optical property can be expanded widely by using functional donor molecules. Therefore, we applied the CT films as stable PEMs without phase separation. In order to reinforce the CT films for the more practical PEMs, we developed new semi-interpenetrating polymer network (IPN) films by cross-linking reaction of the cross-linkable donor molecules. Various properties such as proton conductivity of the obtained films are reported.IPN films were prepared from electron-withdrawing SPI and electron-donating 2,6-dihydroxynaphthalene (2,6-DHN) with cross-linkers for 2,6-DHN. As cross-linkers, isocyanate, carboxylic acid chloride which can react with hydroxyl group of 2,6-DHN and 2,6-DHN with vinyl group were used. The IPN films were prepared by casting method. The DMSO solution of SPI and DHN was concentrated in vacuo, and the cross-linkers were added to the concentrated mixture and mixed in the glove box. DMSO was removed at 60 ˚C under the vacuum condition.Some of the obtained films showed dark brown color, indicating that CT complex between SPI and 2,6-DHN was formed in the films. Especially, adipoyl chloride (AC) as a typical carboxylic acid chloride, showed the proper film shape and mechanical stability. Therefore, IPN films consisting of AC were used for the further characterization. To confirm the CT formation in the films, visible spectroscopy of the obtained films was carried out. The maximum wavelength of the CT films with and without AC were 552 nm and 529 nm, respectively. The intact SPI film did not show any peaks in this region. This result indicated that CT film with AC would have different molecular structure from CT films without AC. To determine the molecular weight change after the cross-linking reaction, GPC measurement was carried out. The molecular weight of the IPN films were larger than that of the intact SPI, indicating that some of the sulfonic acid reacted with AC and the molecular weight after cross-linking would increase. Mechanical strength of the IPN films was also evaluated. The obtained results indicated that Young’s modulus tended to increase with the increase of AC, and stress and strain at break tends to decrease with the increase of AC. This result indicated that IPN introduced the film strength compared with the CT films without AC. The proton conductivity measurement of the obtained IPN films was also carried out. The proton conductivity of the obtained IPN film (SPI : DHN : AC = 100 : 25 : 25) was 80 mS/cm at 70˚C, 80%RH. The IPN films showed the slightly higher proton conductivity of the CT films without AC, indicating that enough sulfonic acid in SPI remained after cross-linking reaction and the carboxylic acid generated from AC would also work as a proton conductor.<jats:list list-type="simple">K. Yamazaki, H. Kawakami, J. Membr. Sci., , 7185 (2010).B. Bae, K. Miyatake, M. Watanabe, , , 2684 (2010).R. Watari, M. Nishihara, H. Tajiri, H. Otsuka, A. Takahara, Polymer J., , 839 (2013).L. Christiani, S. Hilaire, K. Sasaki, M. Nishihara, J. Polym. Sci. A, Polym. Chem. , 2991 (2014).<jats:inline-graphic xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xlink:href="2614fig1.jpeg" xlink:type="simple" />Figure 1<jats:p /> An examination is made of the effect of synthetic tanning agents on the colloid-chemical properties of non-ionogenic dispersions of polymers when the latter are used in the production of fibroporous composite materials.  Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC) is considered one of the most adaptable thermal analysis characterization techniques. It can be applied to polymers and their blends, composites, multilayer to study various thermodynamic processes like glass transition temperature (T), specific heat capacity and other related kinetic properties and also clarify the material structure, morphology and crystallinity of polymers. In the present paper we have reported thermal analysis of Polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA), Polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF), Polysulfone (PSF), PVDF-PSF blend and PVDF-PMMA double-layer samples using DSC technique. Attempts have been made to calculate the T and interpret the corresponding changes that have been observed on blending PVDF with PSF and double-layer formation with PMMA. Blending of PVDF with PSF results the change in T of PSF and the occurrence of a single peak confirms the proper miscibility of the two polymers. DSC plot of double layer also proved to be in confirmation about the formation of PVDF-PMMA double layer and demonstrated a significant change in its thermal behavior. Blue Phase liquid crystal displays are based on phase range widening through polymer stabilization with special mixtures of reactive monomers, as well as the electro-optic Kerr effect. Such displays enable the development of a new generation of displays that do not require alignment layers. The current state of research in this field is discussed herein. Reinforcing thermoplastic polymers with natural fibres tends to improve tensile and flexural strength but adversely affect elongation and impact strength. This limits the application of such composites where toughness is a major criterion. In the present work, bamboo fibre reinforced polypropylene (PP) composites were prepared with bamboo fibre content varying from 30% to 50% with improved impact resistance. Homopolymer and copolymer PP were used as the matrix polymer and an elastomer was used (10% by wt.) as an additive in the formulation. Copolymer based composites exhibited superior elongation and impact strength as compared to homopolymer based composites. The adverse impact of elastomer on tensile and flexural strength was more pronounced in homopolymer based composites. The study suggested that the properties of the bamboo composites can be tailored to suit different applications by varying reinforcement and elastomer percentage.  Terephthaldehyde–acetone polymer was synthesized in an attempt to study its different structural and spectroscopic aspects along with thermal stability. The effect of modification was studied by introducing 4,5-dihydro-1 H-pyrazole ring in the polymer chain and silver nano particles (Ag NPs). The structural features of the polymer are supported by scanning electron microscope (SEM), Fourier transform infrared, and X-ray diffraction (XRD) studies. The modification of the polymer is indicated by the appearance of new absorption bands in infrared spectra, due to the formation of dihydropyrazole ring and the interaction of Ag NPs with the main chain of the polymer. XRD revealed the amorphous polymer with an improved degree of crystallinity in the case of nanocomposites. The polymer was found thermally stable up to 210°C, and the stability improved by the addition of 4,5-dihydro-1 H-pyrazole (325°C) and Ag NPs (up to 360°C). The polymer looks fibrous in SEM micrographs and a decrease in this character is observed on modification. The optical and fluorescence properties warrant its use in LEDs and as an ultraviolet absorber. 129 Xe NMR is a new tool for probing the morphology of polymers and polymer blends. Recent developments of the NMR of129 Xe gas dissolved in polymers are reviewed. This technique yields information on polymer morphology via the NMR lineshape and the isotropic chemical shift and their temperature dependencies. Polymer glass transition temperatures are plainly evident. The miscibility of polymer blends is easily determined and thus phase diagrams may be mapped out. Of particular use is the potential ability to measure domain sizes in immiscible polymer blends by 2-D NMR techniques. Domain sizes from 0.1 micrometers to 25 micrometers should easily be measurable. In this chapter, for large-scale commercialization of fuel cell technology, the use of polymer functionalized graphene (PFG) in fuel cells is discussed with hydrogen and methanol fuel cells as examples. PFG is used as a proton exchange membrane (PEM), anion exchange membrane (AEM) and also as an electrocatalyst replacing the precious platinum metal. The fuel cell parameters e.g. proton conductivity, hydroxide ion conductivity, electrocatalytic activity, water uptake, water retention capability, ion exchange capacity, open circuit voltage, peak power density and stability of cell are discussed here. When PFG is introduced into the cell material, the fuel cell parameters show a significant improvement from those of pristine polymers. The increase in the cell parameters of PFG from pristine polymer measured at identical conditions is attributed to the excellent structural, mechanical, thermal and conducting properties of graphene.The Captain field in the North Sea UKCS is a highly viscous crude accumulation produced via waterflooding with extended reach horizontal wells. Captain's high oil-water mobility ratio and exceptional reservoir quality make it an ideal candidate for improved oil recovery by polymer augmented waterflooding. Polymer storage tanks and subsea polymer flowlines were included in the design and build of the Captain facilities to simplify future implementation of a polymer flood pilot.Offshore logistical considerations led to the selection of liquid hydrolyzed polyacrylamide (HPAM) as a basis for the polymer flood design. We report in this paper the methods and results obtained from a series of laboratory studies undertaken to identify HPAM's that could be used at Captain and to provide data for reservoir simulation input. This work, conducted by the Operator and two polymer vendors, included coreflood tests, scaled polymer mixing tests, and polymer shear degradation tests.Although good viscosity yield, low polymer retention, and good coreflood oil recoveries were obtained with HPAM's, the solutions caused face plugging of Captain cores. Using a membrane filtration method to quickly screen new products, both vendors developed improved HPAM's that were judged suitable for use in the Captain reservoir. Results of the shear degradation experiments indicated that shear degradation should be insignificant in tubulars at field design flowrates, but possibly substantial at the sandface.P. 385Implanting a metal stent plays a key role in treating cardiovascular diseases. However, the high corrosion rate of metal-based devices severely limits their practical applications. Therefore, how to control the corrosion rate is vital to take full advantages of metal-based materials in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. This review details various methods to design and construct polymer-coated stents. The techniques are described and discussed including plasma deposition, electrospinning, dip coating, layer-by-layer self-assembly, and direct-write inkjet. Key point is provided to highlight current methods and recent advances in hindering corrosion rate and improving biocompatibility of stents, which greatly drives the rising of some promising techniques involved in the ongoing challenges and potential new trends of polymer-coated stents.A thermodynamic analysis of phase equilibria similar to that developed in Part IV when applied to the ternary system of two polymers and a solvent leads to an explanation of the usual incompatibility of different high polymers in solution. Unless their heat of mixing is virtually zero or negative, two high polymers are always immiscible in the absence of a solvent; the primary role of the solvent is non-specific, merely one of diluting the polymer mixture and decreasing the heat of interaction of the polymers. The recent experiments of Dobry and Boyer-Kawenoki show reasonable agreement with these theoretical conclusions. Osmotic pressures of mixed polymers are discussed; such measurements would permit determination of μ12, the interaction constant of the two polymers.Graphene is a zero band gap material but functionalization of graphene with polymers induces a band gap due to the formation of a localized sp2 structure. GO possesses ∼50% of sp3-hybridized carbon containing different oxygenated functional groups. Thus both π–π* and n–π* absorption bands are expected. Also the localized sp2 domain in graphene inducts fluorescence in the system which varies with pH of the medium. The doping of graphene is sometimes assisted by anchored polymers and both p- and n-type doping is possible. This different type of doping causes different optical properties. This chapter discusses UV–vis, and fluorescence spectra of different PFGs and their applications in different optical sensors.The addition of a polymer network to nematic liquid crystals (LC) was a notable milestone in the research and development of liquid crystalline materials. It was found that, not only did it improve the ruggedness and stability of the resulting films and devices, but it also increased the diversity in the electro-optic characteristics, and in some cases yielded important improvements in the resulting device performance. Polymer-stabilized nematics are composites that are typically obtained by doping a relatively small concentration by weight (typically 10wt%) of a polyfunctional monomer into the LC solvent. When cross-linked this leads to an interpenetrating polymer network that stabilizes, and to some degree phase separates from, the nematic host. These materials exhibit macroscopic physical and electro-optic properties that readily distinguish them from conventional side and main chain elastomers/polymers and polymer-dispersed LCs. In this Chapter, our objective is to consider the role that the polymer network plays on the resulting electro-optic characteristics of nematic LCs, primarily the threshold voltage and response times. Their behaviour will be compared with that observed in conventional, non-polymer-stabilized nematic devices. We also consider the experimental results obtained for different device architectures in which polymer-stabilization has been implemented and the advantages and disadvantages of introducing a polymer network for the electro-optic properties. The Chapter concludes with a brief overview of the role advanced fabrication techniques might play in the future development of polymer-stabilized nematic LCs and the use of polymer-stabilization to form tuneable microlenses.In this paper we study the adsorption of polymers bearing differently charged groups onto solid surfaces of siliceous nature. By means of static adsorption tests we show that the adsorption is dominated by the electrostatic interactions between the polymer molecules and the solid surface. We also show that both lithology and brine composition can strongly influence the adsorption behavior; such effects must be therefore carefully assessed before applying these treatments in the field.P. 161129 Xe NMR is a new tool for probing the morphology of polymers and polymer blends. Recent developments of the NMR of129 Xe gas dissolved in polymers are reviewed. This technique yields information on polymer morphology via the NMR lineshape and the isotropic chemical shift and their temperature dependencies. Polymer glass transition temperatures are plainly evident. The miscibility of polymer blends is easily determined and thus phase diagrams may be mapped out. Of particular use is the potential ability to measure domain sizes in immiscible polymer blends by 2-D NMR techniques. Domain sizes from 0.1 micrometers to 25 micrometers should easily be measurable.  In the present study, dielectric and microwave absorbing properties of barium titanate (BaTiO) and strontium ferrite (SrFe) filled thermoplastic polyurethane composites were investigated. The variations of the dielectric parameters of the BaTiO filled composite samples with filler concentration were also modeled and simulated by the power-law model to predict dielectric coefficients of the samples for higher filler concentrations. Comparing the prediction of the Power-law model and experimental measured dielectric values indicate that the Power-law model predicts dielectric parameters of the composite with acceptable accuracy. Microwave absorption analyses of the composite samples showed that SrFe is more effective than BaTiO on the enhancement of microwave absorption capability of TPU. The hybrid composite samples that contained both SrFe and BaTiO were also prepared, and their microwave absorption performance was evaluated. It was observed that much lower RL values than that of the composite samples, which were filled SrFe or BaTiO could be obtained by the hybrid composites. However, absorption bandwidth of them was narrower than counterparts that contained the same amount of SrFe. Soil stabilization has been widely used as an alternative to substitute the lack of suitable material on site. The use of nontraditional chemical stabilizers in soil improvement is growing daily. In this study a laboratory experiment was conducted to evaluate the effects of waterborne polymer on unconfined compression strength and to study the effect of cement grout on pre-venting of liquefiable sandy soils. The laboratory tests were performed including grain size of sandy soil, unit weight, ultrasonic pulse velocity, and unconfined compressive strength test. The sand and various amounts of polymer (1%, 2%, 3%, and 4%) and cement (10%, 20%, 30%, and 40%) were mixed with all of them into dough using mechanical kneader in laboratory conditions. Grouting experiment is performed with a cylindrical mould ofmm. The samples were subjected to unconfined compression tests to determine their strength after 7 and 14 days of curing. The results of the tests indicated that the waterborne polymer significantly improved the unconfined compression strength of sandy soils which have susceptibility of liquefaction. Polymer composite electrolyte based on polysulfone-sodium sulfonate (SPSU(Na)) blended with poly (polyethylene glycol methacrylate) (PPEGMA) using nano-sized hexagonal boron nitride (nano-hBN) as filler was fabricated using a solution casting technique for use in Na-ion batteries. Polysulfone was sulfonated by a post sulfonation method followed by ion exchange with sodium hydroxide. Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy was used to study SPSU(Na)/PEGMA blend and incorporation of hBN nanoparticle into the SPSU(Na)/PPEGMA blend. Thermal properties of the composites were studied with thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) and differential scanning calorimetry tests. X-ray diffraction was used to study phase change. The TGA curve showed two weight loss regions, where 30% weight loss occurred between 200°C and 350°C due to degradation of sulfonic acid groups, and the polymer backbone degradation occurs above 500°C. Surface morphology of the membranes was examined using scanning electron microscopy which reveals the homogeneous dispersion of the nano-hBN particles in the polymer matrix. Ionic conductivity was studied with impedance spectroscopy and the total ionic conductivity increases with increasing PPEGMA ratio. SPSU(Na)/PPEGMA(1:4) sample showed maximum ion conductivity of approximately 5.5 × 10 S cm (5.5 × 10 S m) at 100°C because of the high content of PPEGMA.  The present work gives an outline of electrochemical and thermal properties of single ion conducting polymer-layered silicate nanocomposites. High resolution transmission electron microscopy and X-ray diffraction studies prove the intercalation of poly(vinylidene fluoride-co-hexafluoropropylene) (PVdF-HFP) inside the interlayer galleries of montmorillonite (MMT) silicate. Scanning electron microscopy reveals porosity increases with increasing MMT concentration. Room temperature ionic conductivity of 1.2 × 10 S cm has been obtained. Electrochemical stability increases with increasing MMT concentration attaining the highest value of 4.2 V at 20 wt.% of MMT. Thermal properties substantiate decomposition temperature in the range of 300–374°C for the nanocomposites. Over the last decades, microwave heating has experienced a great development and reached various domains of application, especially in material processing. In the field of polymers, this unusual source of energy showed important advantages arising from the direct microwave/matter interaction. Indeed, microwave heating allows regio-, chemio-, and stereo-selectivity, faster chemical reactions, and higher yields even in solvent-free processes. Thus, this heating mode provides a good alternative to the conventional heating by reducing time and energy consumption, hence reducing the costs and ecological impact of polymer chemistry and processing. This review states some achievements in the use of microwaves as energy source during the synthesis and transformation of polymers. Both in-solution and free-solvent processes are described at different scales, with comparison between microwave and conventional heating. The structural and thermal properties of solvent-induced poly(ethylene terephthalate) (PET) polyester have been investigated. Flat, high twist and spun yarns were treated with trichloroacetic acid-methylene chloride (TCAMC) mixed solvent for 5 min at about 25 °C. The treatment influenced the solvent- induced crystallisation in PET, and the high interacting power of TCAMC with PET was substantiated. An increase in X-ray crystallinity was observed in the treated flat yarn but the orientation was reduced. The variation in crystallinity was measured by X-ray and DSC techniques and is discussed. The melting and recrystallisation behaviour of the crystallites were indicated by DSC measurements.The treatment improved the crystallite stability and perfection. Flat yarn exhibited a distribution of the more stable crystals with higher heat of fusion than the respective spun and high twist yarns.The study shows that the crystalline structure reorganises to a more stable and uniform form as a result of the treatment. Double melting peaks were seen in the DSC of the high twist treated samples.  The scope of the present paper is to study the perspectives of using natural fibres as reinforcing materials in polymers. In the present paper, the synthesis and characterisation of Hibiscus Sabdariffa fibre reinforced phenol-formaldehyde resin matrix based polymer composites have been reported. The effects of fibre loading on mechanical properties such as tensile strength, compressive strength, flexural strength, and wear resistance have also been determined. The polycondensation reaction between different molar ratios of phenol and formaldehyde has been carried out for the synthesis of phenol-formaldehyde resin polymer matrix in the presence of a base catalyst. Reinforcement of the phenol-formaldehyde (PF) resin with Hibiscus Sabdariffa fibre was done with the filler in the form of 200 micron particles. The results reveal that mechanical properties such as: tensile strength, compressive strength, flexural strength and wear resistance of the PF resin increase up to 30% fibre loading and decrease beyond this fibre loading.  Composite materials for the diffusers of modern instruments with light-emitting diodes are examined.  An automobile bumper is a structural component, which contributes to vehicle crashworthiness or occupant protection during front or rear collisions. The bumper systems also protect the hood, trunk, fuel, exhaust and cooling system as well as safety related equipments. A brief description of bumper components and a critical review of polymer-based bumper systems with specific methodology are provided. This article advocates proper bumper design and material selection. The authors also discuss bumper components from the standpoint of the materials and their manufacturing processes.  The performance of a laboratory-scale, fully-intermeshing twin-screw extruder for the production of well-mixed (PSAN/PMMA) (polystyrene-acrylonitrile/polymethyl-methacrylate) blends from commercial grade PSAN and PMMA pellets was investigated. We were interested in determining whether the composition of the extruded material reflected the composition of the mixture fed into the extruder as well as whether any polymer degradation occurred under the chosen operating conditions. This is of interest since twin-screw mixing is a popular and convenient technique for the production of blend samples for rheological analysis. Blends of PSAN and PMMA are of particular interest since, being partially miscible, they are useful in the study of the effect of flow on polymer blend thermodynamics. The uniformity of the extruded material was analyzed using infra-red spectrophotometry on samples taken at various locations along a strand extruded from a cylindrical die. We observed small fluctuations of local concentration around an average; this average coincides with the composition of the material fed to the extruder. The possibility of degradation was investigated through gel permeation chromatography, carried out on the same samples. The results indicated that under the chosen operating conditions no degradation was observed. A considerable portion of world reserves are located in mature and viscous oil reservoirs having thickness less than 15 m. Polymer flooding is a mature technology and is the most important EOR method based on full field case histories. Accurate assessment of injectibility of viscous polymer solutions into these reservoirs without induced fractures is a major challenge. Therefore, the objective of this study is to experimentally investigate and model polymer injectivity in porous media using unfiltered partially hydrolyzed polyacrylamide (HPAM) solutions for wide range of polymer concentrations (125–5000 ppm) and salinities (5–20 g/L) in high permeability sandstones. Data from rheological measurements and single phase linear core flood studies carried out as a part of this study were utilized for understanding the key microscopic (pore level) mechanisms and for quantifying the injectivity.Based on the experimental analyses, it was found that viscous nature of polymer solutions and their retention in porous media were the main mechanisms for loss in injectivity. Data obtained from the experiments were used to validate and fine tune the model. Subsequently, with the help of the Langmuir adsorption isotherm, filtration theory, permeability reduction model, Non-Newtonian viscosity and Darcy laws numerical modeling was performed for predicting the injectivity losses during polymer injection. A good quality match was obtained with experimental data. Finally, sensitivity of polymer concentration and salinity on injectivity was studied. Further, the results from this study, will serve as an auxiliary input for field scale simulations, will help operators in the selection, design and execution of the field projects and will stand as guidelines for extending the polymer flooding technology for heavy oil reservoirs.The polymer stabilization of ferroelectric liquid crystals is reviewed with a particular emphasis on its usefulness for applications in display-related devices. Different scenarios for grayscale generation from polymer-stabilized ferroelectric liquid crystals (PSFLCs) are outlined, based on stabilization in the smectic A* as well as in the smectic C* phase, and also in relation to applied electric fields.-isopropylacrylamide) (PNIPAM) was synthesized in the presence of AIBN as radical initiator. The structure of polymer was elucidated using IR, H NMR, and C NMR spectroscopies and TGA thermogram. Exfoliated nanocomposite based on thermosensitive polymer (PNIPAM) was prepared utilizing montmorillonite (MMT) by solution blending. Its dispersion characteristics were investigated using SEM, X-ray diffraction, and particle size analysis. XRD showed exfoliation of MMT in polymer matrix above lower critical solution temperature (LCST). SEM indicated that polymer chains were dispersed among the layers of MMT. Particle size analysis showed two distinctive regions at 311 (31/5%) and 1160 (68/5%) nm. With an ever-growing ageing population the strain on global medical services becomes a significant dilemma. The status of the bone is one of the major complaints by the elderly. Even today, little is known about the bone's nano and micro structural-functional relationship under applied stresses and about the function of the collagen polymer. In this article, this relationship is investigated, revealing that on microcracking open and closed pores are present. A crisscross nanostructure is essential to the bone's re-healing process. Mechanisms are proposed which are in agreement with an earlier hypothesis that could not previously be substantiated experimentally. This discovery is the key to unlocking bone weaknesses, because by understanding the bone's structural function the bone deterioration problem associated with old age can be solved.  The performance of a laboratory-scale, fully-intermeshing twin-screw extruder for the production of well-mixed (PSAN/PMMA) (polystyrene-acrylonitrile/polymethyl-methacrylate) blends from commercial grade PSAN and PMMA pellets was investigated. We were interested in determining whether the composition of the extruded material reflected the composition of the mixture fed into the extruder as well as whether any polymer degradation occurred under the chosen operating conditions. This is of interest since twin-screw mixing is a popular and convenient technique for the production of blend samples for rheological analysis. Blends of PSAN and PMMA are of particular interest since, being partially miscible, they are useful in the study of the effect of flow on polymer blend thermodynamics. The uniformity of the extruded material was analyzed using infra-red spectrophotometry on samples taken at various locations along a strand extruded from a cylindrical die. We observed small fluctuations of local concentration around an average; this average coincides with the composition of the material fed to the extruder. The possibility of degradation was investigated through gel permeation chromatography, carried out on the same samples. The results indicated that under the chosen operating conditions no degradation was observed.  Liquid crystal polymers (LCPs) derive favorable mechanical, chemical, and electrical behavior from long-range molecular ordering. The microstructure gives rise to anisotropic bulk properties that are problematic for industrial applications, and thus the ability to model the polymer directionality is essential to the design of isotropic material manufacturing processes. This investigation proposes a modeling methodology to simulate the 3D director field in full-scale film extrusion geometries. Wide-angle x-ray scattering (WAXS) is used to validate the predicted orientation for a standard coat-hanger die, and is compared with macroscopic mechanical, thermal, and dielectric testing of LCP film to illustrate the morphological dependence of the polymer properties. The highly anisotropic orientation state resulting from cast film extrusion is both predicted by the model and confirmed experimentally, and this preferred orientation is shown to correlate with observed anisotropy in the bulk properties. Additionally, a practical implementation of the modeling tool is presented to simulate directionality in two alternative die geometries designed to improve bulk isotropy, and it is demonstrated that the model is capable of simulating the resulting order for large, irregular domains typical of industrial processing.  The results obtained from a study of both the preparation and application of some oligomeric nitrogen-sulphonic and bromine-nitrogen-containing sulphonic acids as flame retardants in polymer compositions are reported.Flame-retardant poly(chloroprene) compositions with possible applications in cable insulation and conveyor belts, containing an ammonium salt of N-sulphonic acid, antimony trioxide and a chloroparaffin have been obtained. The organic ammonium salt was found to partially replace antimony trioxide, to the extent of 50 to 70 %, in the compositions for conveyor belts. This salt also had a pronounced plasticizing effect, improving the adhesion to the metal cord of the polymer compositions used for making conveyor belts. In addition, heat and smoke release were reduced and the thermal characteristics were improved.Flame-retardant ethylene-propylene copolymer compositions intended for cable insulation were also studied by introducing ammonium salts of bromo – sulphonic and bromo-nitrosulphonic acids and two ammonium salts of N-sulphonic acids. The salts were found to improve the smoke, heat release properties and thermal characteristics, and to exhibit a plasticizing effect. Dynamic thermal analysis showed that the decomposition of the ammonium salts used with antimony trioxide took place in the gaseous phase.The polymer compositions containing ammonium salts of N-sulphonic acids as flame-retardant additives were characterized by improved processability and are environmentally safe.  The properties of a new hydrophobic associating polymer were evaluated in detail in this paper. The polymer enhances the effect of increasing viscosity for the assembling action of functional groups in molecular chain. Alkali and surfactant promote the association and result in the increasing of viscosity, so the concentration of polymer in ASP solution is less than that in solution without alkali and surfactant. The viscosity of polymer solution restored again when shear effect decreased or disappeared; the characteristic will make the polymer used in oilfield advantageously. The polymer has synergistic effect with surfactant, so the interfacial tension of oil and water was ultra-low in a wide range of chemical concentration; it is propitious to improve displacement efficiency. When the oil recovery is approximate, the amount of new hydrophobic associating polymer is 20% less than that of HPAM. We present the use of polymer/polymer interfaces to control light-emitting polymer devices. Bilayer devices utilizing poly(9-vinyl carbazole) (PVK) as a hole transporting/electron blocking polymer together with a pyridine containing electron transporting layer show dramatically improved efficiency and brightness as compared to single layer devices. This is attributed to charge confinement and exciplex emission at the PVK/emitting polymer interface. The introduction of emeraldine base (EB) form of polyaniline (PAN) on both side of the emitting layer enables the device to work under both forward and reverse bias, as well as in AC modes. Interfaces play an important role in the operation of these devices. Furthermore, when the EB is replaced by sulfonated polyaniline (SPAN) on the cathode side and the emitting layer is properly modified to balance electron and hole transport, the device generates different colors of light, red under forward bias and green under reverse bias.Kinetics of emulsion polymerization of hydrophilic vinyl monomers in the presence of polyvinylpyrrolidone and technological principles of their synthesis are determined. Reasonable technological parameters in the synthesis of copolymers are determined. Physicochemical properties of the synthesized copolymers (surface tension, the size of latex particles, and pH) are determined. Synthesized graft copolymers were used to create high-adhesion polymer-monomer compositions. These compositions have high reactivity at room temperature. It can be regulated by the nature of the polymer matrix and the introduction of comonomers and fillers due to the influence of physicochemical factors on the process of polymer formation. The rate of polymerization and the degree of monomer conversion largely depend on the nature of the polymer matrix. The highest polymerization rate and the maximum degree of conversion are observed when using a copolymer of polyvinylpyrrolidone and polymethylmethacrylate. Materials based on the developed compositions are characterized by a low residual monomer content and high operational properties, such as surface hardness, Vicat softening temperature, and adhesive bond strength to supports of different nature.The adhesion of glassy or semicrystalline polymers to themselves or to other polymers is often poor. Polymers gain their strength from the mechanical interconnection between different chains. This interconnection can occur either by the use of long chains that entangle with each other or by chemically joining the chains by cross-linking. A strong polymer-polymer interface is crossed by many chains that are mechanically coupled into the material on both sides of the interface. For cross-linked systems these coupling chains must be cross-linked into both sides. If the polymers are not crosslinked, the coupling chains are formed by interdiffusion or welding. Interdiffusion can occur only if the system is heated to a temperature that allows significant chain mobility and if the interconnecting chains are sufficiently miscible in both polymers. For some systems, such as polyimides, the mobility required can either be generated by just part curing the materials before joining or by reversing the completed cure of a thin surface layer before joining and completing the cure. The interconnecting chains do not have to be the same material as the polymers being joined and, for joining dissimilar polymers, can be block copolymers where each block is miscible in just one of the relevant polymers.Novel bio-inspired materials have gained recently great attention, especially in medical applications. Applying sophisticated design and engineering methods, various polymer-polymer hybrid systems with outstanding performance have been developed in last decades. Hybrid systems composed of bioelastomers and hydrogels are very attractive due to their high biocompatibility and elastic nature for advanced biomaterials used in various medical applications such as drug delivery systems and scaffolds for tissue engineering. Herein, we describe the advances in current state-of-the-art design, properties and applications of polymer-polymer hybrid systems in medical applications. Bio-inspired functionalities, including bioadhesiveness, injectability, antibacterial properties and degradability applicable to advanced drug delivery systems and medical devices will be discussed in a context of future efforts towards development of bioinspired materials.This study deals with the evaluation of self-healing ability of conducting polymer corresponding to a corrosion process. Poly ortho-anisidine (PoA) was doped with Phosphomolybdic acid (PMA) and Tungstosilicic acid (TSA) and incorporated in polyvinyl butyral (PVB) coatings. The self-healing abilities of coatings were evaluated using open circuit potential (OCP) in 0.1 M NaCl solution for 45 hours of immersion. The coatings containing doped PoA showed increased positive potential of OCP after 45 hours of immersion as compare toblank PVB which showed a constant profile of OCP over the time indicating uniform corrosion under the coatingThermogravimetric analysis (TGA) showed that PoA doped with TSA is more stable and more effective in the coating. High resolution Transmission Electron microscopy (HR-TEM) and Energy dispersive x-ray spectroscopy (EDX) confirms the doping of PoA.The elongational flow behavior of polyethylene, polypropylene, polystyrene, poly(methyl methacrylate), and polycarbonate, temperatures from 70 to 290 °C and pressures up to 70 MPa, is examined with the Yahsi-Dinc-Tav (YDT) model and its particular case known as the Cross model. The viscosity data employed in the range of 3-405 <mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M1"><mml:mi mathvariant="normal">s<mml:mn fontstyle="italic">1 elongational rates were acquired from the literature at ambient and elevated pressures. The predictions and the fitting results of the proposed YDT model with the same measurement data are compared with the Cross model. The average absolute deviations of the viscosities predicted by the YDT model range from 0.54% to 9.44% at ambient and 1.95% to 6.28% at high pressures. Additionally, the linear formulations derived from the YDT model are employed to relate the viscosity with temperature and hole fraction (“thermooccupancy” function) at zero level of elongational rate and constant elongational rate along with constant elongational stress. The effects of the four viscosity parameters (such as transmission and activation energy coefficients in these equations) on the elongational viscosity are analyzed in detail and some conclusions on the structural differences for the polymers are discussed. Voluminous post-life waste and production waste pose the paramount environmental problem of our times. One major problem is how to reuse post-life waste: spent plastics, rubber scrap, worn-out automobile tyres, waste paper and production waste; wood pulp or powder and particularly the waste arising in the production of fertiliser, phosphogypsum. We have been studying the re-use of these wastes as blends with virgin and recycled polymers. These novel polymer compositions can be used to make:• porous pipes intended for irrigation or fertilization.• vehicle parts in the automobile industry• tiles or flooring in the building industry• road safety and traffic control equipment• sound-absorbing screens along motorways• packing in biological wastewater treatment• biodegradable flower pots, buckets, fence elements and similar profiles.  The well-established sol-gel process permits the preparation of a wide range of organic-inorganic hybrid materials directly from molecular precursors under mild conditions. Over the past few years, the sol-gel route has become of tremendous interest because of the remarkable opportunities it offers to produce hybrid nanocomposite particles with a number of potential uses, such as protection and modification of plastics and glasses. In this work, two approaches are described for the preparation of hybrid particles. A modified Stöber method is used to prepare a range of organically-modified silica nanoparticles with diameters in the range of 50-200 nm. The synthesis of organically-modified silica particles has also been carried out using a non-hydrolytic sol-gel route, which has been overlooked for the preparation of hybrid nanoparticles until very recently. The hydrolytic and non-hydrolytic routes have produced hybrids with different structures and morphologies. The organically-modified silica particles synthesised using these sol-gel methods have potential uses as nanofillers in polymer systems.  An examination is made of the effect of temperature on the sorption properties of leather fibres during their sizing with dispersions of polymer binders in the production of porous fibre composites of the shoe board type.  Certain questions concerning the development of new polymer fireproofing agents for cellulose materials are considered. The mechanisms of the fireproofing characteristics of the new polymers are clarified.  A type of smart thermochromic filament has been developed, composed of 35% UMB Blue and 65% polypropylene. It was able to change colour between white and blue depending on the temperature. A set of examinations including DSC, SEM, XRD, FTIR and tensile strength test, has been carried out to study the properties of the smart filament. The successful development of the thermochromic filament will enable textile based smart products to be developed for applications where the effect can be indicated by the change of colour.  Non-isothermal trimerization kinetics of 1,6-hexamethylene diisocyanate (HMDI) in the reaction mixture with epoxy resin (ER) at a fixed ratio HMDI/ER = 85/15 (mass) catalyzed by differential concentrations of triethylene amine (TEA) was studied by differential calorimetry at four heating rates. In contrast to the simple single-step models, the isoconversional approach proved to describe quantitatively the reaction kinetics over the entire range of conversions, The apparent activation energies of the curing process and the corresponding pre-exponential factors tended to decrease smoothly, the higher the conversion, whereas a definite excess of the amine component turned out to be necessary to arrive at the maximum reaction rate.  The current situation regarding the production, investigation, and processing of polymer-matrix-based nanocomposite materials is reviewed.  Rice wastes are abundant, low-cost, cellulosic-based materials. The potential of using rice waste such as husk, straw, and bran in bio-composite production is a crucial target of the composite industry. Chemical composition is the main factor that offers diverse possible applications of rice wastes in bio-composite-based materials. Eco-friendly products of bio-composite polymers can be produced by reinforcing and filling polymer matrices with high cellulosic content materials such as rice waste. From manufacturing point of view, rice wastes can be used to reduce the production cost of polymer-based products and meet the requirements for green packaging materials.  A kind of PZT/polymer gripper is proposed in this paper and its nonlinear dynamic response in bounded noise is described. In this paper, a polymer piezoelectric material is applied in gripper to substitute the traditional PZT to improve the response range. Nonlinear differential items are introduced to interpret the hysteretic phenomena of the PZT/polymer piezoelectric composites material, and the nonlinear dynamic model of the PZT/polymer gripper in bounded noise is developed. The dynamic response of the system is obtained, and the bifurcation characteristics of the system are analyzed. The results of numerical simulation and experiments show that the stochastic noise intensity has important influence on the system's dynamical response, and the stochastic resonance phenomenon occurs with the stochastic noise intensity variety.  Anodic bonding is a common technology in MEMS packaging. However, only the bonding between glass and metal or semiconductor can be implemented at present. In this work, a new type of composite, solid polymer electrolyte (taking PEO as the matrix with a small amount of nano-sized inorganic filler), was prepared as a new anodic bonding material. We studied the interaction and conduction mechanism between PEO and the inorganic filler through DSC and XRD analyses, and also discussed the application feasibility of the solid polymer electrolyte being packaging material in anodic bonding. The results showed that adding inorganic filler can reduce the interface resistance of the macromolecule solid electrolyte, and control the diffusion of alkali metal ions in the solid lithium molecule electrolyte when under a strong electric field. The anodic bonding technique may promote the application of this new macromolecule material in MEMS.  In order to produce monitoring systems for polyethylene pipes, one option is to distribute sensors within the plastic matrix. Currently, no information is available on the effects of small, individual sensors on the structural integrity of polyethylene pipes if these are embedded in the pipe wall. In order to assess the influence of these sensors, small samples were subjected to tensile tests with different sizes and shapes of microchips investigated at different positions and orientations. It was discovered that a square microchip improves the stiffness the most but reduces the ductility of the sample the most, while a microchip with the same area, but of circular shape also acts as reinforcement when its volume is sufficiently large relative to the volume of the polymer matrix, causing the smallest reduction in ductility. The optimal microchip orientation is parallel to the tension direction.  The purpose of this investigation is wear characterization of solid glass microspheres (SGM) and boron carbide (BC)-reinforced epoxy composites, under dry sliding conditions using a pin-on-disk wear test machine. Influence of parameters like sliding distance, sliding velocity, applied load and addition of fillers, on the wear rate were examined. Taguchi technique was used for the plan of experiments to conduct wear tests. To evaluate the effect of the individual parameters on the rate of wear performance of composites, analysis of variance (ANOVA) and an orthogonal array were employed. Linear regression analysis was employed for all the composites to establish an empirical relation between the various process parameters and wear. The results indicate reduction in wear of polymer on addition of particulates with the lowest wear rates observed in composites with addition of boron carbide as filler. Different fracture mechanisms were revealed by Scanning electron microscope (SEM) images of worn-out composite surfaces.  The development and use of a novel design of apparatus for the evaluation of pressure-density-temperature relationships for molten polymers are presented in this paper. The experimental method allows the determination of the pressure-density-temperature characteristics at high pressure (up to 1000 Bar) and temperature (up to 250°C) as appropriate. The data generated are compared with direct measurements made on an injection moulding machine. Three-dimensional relationship plots between pressure, density and temperature of the molten polyethylene can be constructed. Composite materials attract more and more attention due to their unique properties in many fields. For certain applications metal particle-polymer composites are very attractive, where e.g. lightweight heat-conductive composites are needed. For particle-polymer composites the typical problem is the deterioration of the mechanical properties of the polymer matrix due to poor adhesion at the polymer-metal particle interface. Our approach solves this problem by generating a mechanical interlocking surface structure on the metal particle surface via wet chemical etching which we call sculpturing.In this work commercially available granular Al micro-particles with a typical size distribution between 200 - 800 µm and a purity of 99.7 % is used. These Al particles are structured in an optimized aqueous HCl based electrolyte. The key idea is to balance the passivation and dissolution of the metal surface in such a way that the desired interlocking structures form. Similar to HNO-HF based Si etchants, the employed electrolyte makes use of in-situ formed reaction products controlling the structuring homogeneity and reaction speed. Figure 1a) provides a top view on Al particles sculptured in such way with a magnification view in Fig. 1b).The sculptured surface structure consists of a multitude of rectangular structures with flat faces in a step-like arrangement or as free-standing hooks. These rectangular structures vary in size and are tilted towards each other depending on the crystal orientation. The EDX analysis confirms that the surface of these Al micro-particles after sculpturing is covered only by a native oxide layer.By adjusting the chemical fabrication process the Al micro-particles could be fully or partially sculptured. Correspondingly, the Al micro-particles showed a change in their optical properties depending on the etching duration. Fully-sculptured Al micro-particles are dark gray in color, partially structured ones are light-gray, and the untreated ones are silver colored.With these sculptured Al micro-particles polymer composites can be formed as shown in Fig. 1c. Here, a densely packed polythiourethane (PTU)-sculptured Al particle composite is formed in the shape of a dog bone. Tensile test results show that the addition of sculptured particles results in a strongly increased Young’s modulus and reaching at least the maximum tensile strength of the pure polymer, unlike in case of the addition of untreated Al micro-particles. In case of polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) which is well-known for its poor adhesion to metals, polymers and ceramics, the effect on the increase of Young’s modulus is even far more pronounced as well as a tremendous increase in the maximum tensile strength. The fracture surfaces of all sculptured Al micro-particle-polymer composites showed always cohesive failure where even the particles themselves are torn apart, which is the best reachable adhesion strength.Another very important application for sculptured Al micro-particles could be adhesive-free joining of immiscible polymers like ethylene-vinyl acetate (EVA) and polyoximethylen (POM) or other low surface energy polymers. Here, the sculptured micro-particles are partially imprinted into the thermally-softened POM surface and then joined with the softened EVA. Owing to the hook and step structures of the sculptured particles a robust connection between the Al micro-particles and any polymer matrix is obtained. No matter how the sculptured particles are partially imprinted in the polymer surface, they stick to it and hinder delamination. This is impressively shown via tensile testing, where only cohesive failure within the EVA component is found, while the direct joint without particles and via untreated particles fail adhesively directly at the POM-EVA interface.Fig. 1: SEM top view on chemically sculptured a) Al micro-particles, b) in high magnification of the structured Al micro-particle surface and c) Al micro-particle filled PTU composite in the shape of dog bone.<jats:p /><jats:inline-graphic xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xlink:href="1279fig1.jpeg" xlink:type="simple" />Figure 1<jats:p /> Non-isothermal trimerization kinetics of 1,6-hexamethylene diisocyanate (HMDI) in the reaction mixture with epoxy resin (ER) at a fixed ratio HMDI/ER = 85/15 (mass) catalyzed by differential concentrations of triethylene amine (TEA) was studied by differential calorimetry at four heating rates. In contrast to the simple single-step models, the isoconversional approach proved to describe quantitatively the reaction kinetics over the entire range of conversions, The apparent activation energies of the curing process and the corresponding pre-exponential factors tended to decrease smoothly, the higher the conversion, whereas a definite excess of the amine component turned out to be necessary to arrive at the maximum reaction rate. The idea of combining the anisotropic behaviour of liquid crystalline materials with the properties of macromolecular systems was first suggested by Onsanger and subsequently Flory. The actual realization that such systems could exist came from studies of natural polymers such as the tobacco mosaic virus. Interest in these systems intensified with the development of highstrength systems, based on rigid-rod systems, notably the aramid fibres, however, liquid crystallinity in such systems occurs only at high temperatures, usually close to the decomposition point of the polymer. It was only in the late 1970s that the design criteria for liquid crystalline polymers became apparent, the secret being largely in the decoupling of the rigid aromatic groups which give rise to the anisotropic behaviour. As a result of these ideas two classifications of liquid crystalline materials were described. Main-chain liquid crystalline polymers, are those in which rigid aromatic molecules form part of the polymer backbone, either as a continuous chain or separated by a series of methylene groups in order to lower temperature at which liquid crystalline phase behaviour is observed. Side-chain systems resemble the comb-like systems studied by Shibaev and Plate, and have the rigid aromatic groups attached as a side-chain. In general, the monomer systems required for main-chain liquid crystalline polymers are relatively simple; synthetically these systems are prepared by step-growth methods and the main challenge is often maintaining sufficient solubility to allow suitable chain-lengths to be grown (an example of how such problems might be overcome is given in Chapter 4). Side-chain systems tend to be produced from more complex structural sub-units, and may be produced either by polymerization of the appropriate monomer or by functionalization of a preformed polymer backbone. Examples of both approaches are given in this chapter. From a practical viewpoint, the advantage of side-chain systems is that they tend to be much more soluble in common organic solvents and also that thermal phase transitions occur at reasonable temperatures (reasonable being well below the temperature at which the polymer decomposes). A further advantage of such side-chain systems is that the phase behaviour can be effectively tuned through the chemical modifications of the three components, namely the side-group, the flexible coupling chain and the polymer backbone.  Chain-growth polymerizations such as free-radical polymerizations are characterized by four key processes:(i) initiation, (ii) propagation, (iii) chain transfer, and (iv) termination. If it is possible to minimize the contribution of chain transfer and termination during the polymerization, it is possible to achieve a level of control over the resulting polymer and achieve a predetermined number average molecular weight and a narrow molecular weight distribution (polydispersity). If such an ideal scenario can be created, the number of polymer chains that are produced is equal to the number of initiator groups; the polymerization will proceed until all of the monomer has been consumed and the polymer chain ends will remain active so that further addition of monomer will lead to continued polymerization. This type of polymerization was termed a ‘living’ polymerization by Szwarc in 1956 and represents one of the ultimate goals of synthetic polymer chemists. Flory determined that in the absence of termination, the number of propagating polymer chains must remain constant and that the rate of polymerization for each growing chain must be equal. In this situation, the number average degree of polymerization (DPn) and hence the molecular weight of the polymer can be predicted by simple consideration of the monomer to initiator ratio (see eqns (1) and (2), respectively). Several key criteria are used to elucidate the ‘living’ nature of a polymerization. For a polymerization to be considered ‘living’, the rate of initiation must exceed the rate of propagation. Therefore, all the propagating polymer chains are formed simultaneously and grow at the same rate. If this situation did not occur, the first chains formed would be longer than those initiated later and the molecular weight distribution of the propagating chains would broaden. In addition, an ideal ‘living’ or ‘immortal’ polymerization must not exhibit any termination of the propagating polymer chains over the lifetime of the reaction. Consequently, ‘living’ polymerizations are characterized by very narrow molecular weight distributions (Mw/Mn1.2).Coating like polymer processing contributes greatly to the production of thin films using polymers in solutions or in a melt form. From a fluid mechanics perspective, coating operations share common features with polymer processing film operations and it is the purpose of this review to highlight the similarities and help foster a common approach for analysis, design and operation of these processes.Acoustic energy dissipates in multi-phase or multi-boundary materials. Hybrid composites are described as multi-phase with many interfaces between their materials. The current research proposes studying the acoustic behavior of polymeric hybrid composites by estimating the time, velocity, and hybrid composite acoustic impedance. Two groups of hybrid composites were prepared, including unsaturated polyester with PMMA, except one with HDPE and the other with PS. Each group has 28, 35, and 40% weight fractions. An ultrasonic test measured time to determine velocity and acoustic impedance later. The results show that increasing the weight fraction will increase density with respect to the density of the reinforcing material. Different ultrasonic times were obtained with increasing weight fractions. As the weight fraction of PS increased, the time increased; unlike the velocity, it decreased but increased with density. In contrast, this behavior was changed if the hybrid had PE. The highest acoustic impedance was at 28% UP/PMMA+PS. In conclusion, UP/PMMA+PS can dissipate ultrasonic waves more than UP/PMMA+PE.The flame retardancy of polymers is an important issue in their practical applications. The use of various nanofillers as flame retardants in polymer matrices have drawn considerable attention. In this chapter, the flame retardancy of naturally occurring halloysite nanotubes (HNTs) towards polymer is first demonstrated and the underlying role of HNTs during combustion is highlighted. Then the factors related to the dispersion of HNTs, modification of HNTs, and structure of the nanocomposites that affect the flame retardancy properties of the polymer–HNTs nanocomposites are discussed. After that, the synergistic effects of the combination of HNTs with other flame retardant compounds (intumescent flame retardant system and other nanofillers) in improving the fire retardancy properties of the nanocomposites are reviewed. Finally, the flame retardancy of other clays (montmorillonite, vermiculite, sepiolite, kaolinite) in polymers and the comparison between HNTs and other clays are briefly illustrated.An introduction to antiferroelectric phases and their properties is given, before describing in detail the effects of polymer stabilization on this phase, which is a contender to ferroelectric liquid crystals in displays and optical light shutters. The effects of polymer stabilization under various different applied electric field conditions, and the resulting electro-optic behavior is summarized and demonstrated, as are the effects on a variety of important material parameters. With respect to applications, the generation of grayscale responses from electric addressing field sequences is discussed.Micro-mechanics of failure (MMF) is a micromechanics-based failure criterion for composites, which can be applied to characterize the composite strength accurately and reliably. The strength and mechanical properties of unidirectional laminate are measured by the static tensile loading and compressive loading tests as well as three points bending test. The micromechanics model is proposed to amplify the detailed mechanical and residual thermal stresses for the key points in the fibers and matrix. The critical MMF parameters are characterized by using the stress amplification factors and the measured strengths of unidirectional laminate. The carbon fibers reinforced plastic UTS50/E51 is used to demonstrate the application of MMF theory. The failure envelopes are constructed and compared on the basis of the MMF theory and Tsai-Wu failure theory. The failure mechanism and static tensile strength of quasi-isotropic laminate of polymer composites is studied based on MMF. The UTS50/E51 CFRP is used to demonstrate the application of theory of MMF.This paper presents a practical method to produce Al micro-particles via anisotropic wet chemical etching with a particle surface structure perfectly suited for mechanical interlocking with polymers. This particle surface structure consists of a multitude of cuboid features forming step-like structures with hooks forming tight connections to various polymers. These composites formed from these sculptured Al micro-particles and medical-grade PDMS show a drastically increased Young’s modulus as well as a 34% increased ultimate tensile strength compared to the pure PDMS. Additionally, the tight, adhesive-free joining of immiscible polymers via these sculptured Al micro-particles is presented exemplarily for POM/ EVA and POM/ LDPE. A method was proposed for analysing the zone of plastic failure in hydraulic tests of polyethylene tubes.  The aim is to study the reactive compatibilization of two immiscible thermoplastic polyesters, namely polycarbonate (PC) and poly (ethylene terephthalate) (PET), by transesterification reactions through melt compounding. For this, a catalyst, which is hydrated samarium acetylacetonate (Sm(acac)), is incorporated with concentrations of 0.10, 0.15 and 0.20 phr into the 70PC/30PET mixture.The characterization of the PC/PET blends by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) revealed that, the transesterification reactions in the absence of catalyst are undetectable or practically impossible; however, by increasing the catalyst concentration, significant variations are noticed on the thermal properties. These modifications, due to the interfacial reactions between the two phases of the system, were also evidenced by variations in morphological properties observed after the study of atomic force microscopy (AFM).  The development and use of a novel design of apparatus for the evaluation of pressure-density-temperature relationships for molten polymers are presented in this paper. The experimental method allows the determination of the pressure-density-temperature characteristics at high pressure (up to 1000 Bar) and temperature (up to 250°C) as appropriate. The data generated are compared with direct measurements made on an injection moulding machine. Three-dimensional relationship plots between pressure, density and temperature of the molten polyethylene can be constructed.  The objective of this work is to investigate the mechanical properties of Glass fiber reinforced Epoxy composites with different weight proportions. Using hand lay-up technique followed by compression moulding, five composites were prepared by varying the Glass fiber from 15 wt.% to 35 wt.%. The necessary mechanical tests were conducted as per ASTM standards and surface morphology of the fractured surfaces was examined by Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM). As per the obtained results, it is concluded that the 25 wt.% fiber loaded composite has superior mechanical properties. The results are mathematically evaluated by adopting Mixture Design optimization technique. The predicted values establish that 25 wt.% fiber loading shows good mechanical properties compared to other combinations. Natural fibers from agricultural wastes are finding their importance in the polymer industry due to the many advantages such as their light weight, low cost and being environmentally friendly. Rice husk (RH) is a natural sheath that forms around rice grains during their growth. As a type of natural fiber obtained from agroindustrial waste, RH can be used as filler in composites materials in various polymer matrices. This review paper is aimed at highlighting previous works of RH filled polymer composites to provide information for applications and further research in this area. Based on the information gathered, application of RH filled composites as alternative materials in building and construction is highly plausible with both light weight and low cost being their main driving forces. However, further investigations on physical and chemical treatment to further improve the interfacial adhesion with polymeric matrix are needed as fiber-polymer interaction is crucial in determining the final composite properties. Better understanding on how the used polymer blends as the matrix and secondary fillers may affect the properties would provide interesting areas to be explored. The effect of the time of preliminary storage at room temperature on the kinetics of HMDI trimerization at the fixed HMDI/ER ratio (85/25), and different concentrations of the catalyst, TEA, and the evolution of glass transition parameters of the end products in function of the curing reaction regime, were studied by calorimetry. It was established that both the activation energy E and the pre-exponential factor ln A increased, the longer the storage time, and both tended to decrease with the conversion α The time for the onset of gelation t decreased, the higher the catalyst concentration and/or the longer the preliminary storage time the former proved to be a major factor controlling t|. The glass transition temperatures T for post-cured samples of series HT “internally diluted” with stiff oxazolidone heterocycles were systematically higher than those for samples of series LT cured at 393 K whatever the catalyst concentration and/or the storage time.  Two methods for the polymer coating of monodispersed colloidal silica and for the control of layer thickness by radical polymerization were examined. Consecutive radical polymerization of styrene on the prepolymer-coated silica by periodic addition of 2,2′-azobis(isobutyronitrile) in ethanolic solution induced the aggregation of the composite particles. The radical polymerization in the surface hydrophobic layer, formed by the reaction of surface silanol with a silane coupling agent on the colloidal silica, gave monodispersed composite particles having surface polymer layers, the thickness of which was dependent on the molecular size and polarity of the silane modifier. It is suggested that the polymer coating layer is controllable in the range of about two times to five times the modifier size. High power ultrasound is applied to break down silica agglomerates in EPDM/silica mixtures and to compatibilize plastic/rubber and rubber/rubber blends during extrusion process. Ultrasonically treated EPDM/silica mixtures without silane treatment of silica indicated significantly reduced sizes of silica agglomerates in comparison with those obtained by an internal mixer and lower than the EPDM/silica mixtures treated by the silane. The viscosity of the ultrasonically treated mixtures was found to be higher than that of the silane treated mixtures, while the extrudate swells of both mixtures were close to each other. Ultrasonically treated plastic/rubber and rubber/rubber blends indicated in-situ copolymer formation and compatibilization in the melt state leading to significant enhancement of the mechanical properties of the blends. An idea is put forward about the possibility of in-situ copolymer formation at the interfaces and their vicinities in the ultrasonically treated blends during extrusion. Data obtained by a solvent extraction indicating reduction in the amount of the extractable component, gel permeation chromatography indicating formation of the high molecular weight tail, atomic force microscopy indicating smooth interfacial region and scanning electron microscopy indicating stabilization of the phase morphology in the melt state of the ultrasonically treated blends point towards the occurrence of in-situ copolymer formation. The discovery creates a new field of the study of ultrasonic-assisted mixing of rubber with filler and compatibilization of immiscible polymer blends during extrusion.Electroconductive structural polymer-based nanocomposites (NCs) were prepared by incorporating carbon nanotubes (CNTs) into Polybond (PB) matrix via melt compounding technique. Chemical structure of NCs, investigated via Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy, corroborated successful grafting of CNTs functional groups onto PB chains. The morphology of NCs, as examined by scanning electron microscopy (SEM), ensured their optimum state of dispersion. Electrical conductivity, melting transition temperatures, mechanical properties, and chemical resistance of NCs were improved by incorporating CNTs into PB as established by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), thermogravimetric analysis (TGA), high resistance meter (HRM), Universal Testing Machine (UTM), and chemical resistivity measurements, respectively. Two methods for the polymer coating of monodispersed colloidal silica and for the control of layer thickness by radical polymerization were examined. Consecutive radical polymerization of styrene on the prepolymer-coated silica by periodic addition of 2,2′-azobis(isobutyronitrile) in ethanolic solution induced the aggregation of the composite particles. The radical polymerization in the surface hydrophobic layer, formed by the reaction of surface silanol with a silane coupling agent on the colloidal silica, gave monodispersed composite particles having surface polymer layers, the thickness of which was dependent on the molecular size and polarity of the silane modifier. It is suggested that the polymer coating layer is controllable in the range of about two times to five times the modifier size.  The effect of the time of preliminary storage at room temperature on the kinetics of HMDI trimerization at the fixed HMDI/ER ratio (85/25), and different concentrations of the catalyst, TEA, and the evolution of glass transition parameters of the end products in function of the curing reaction regime, were studied by calorimetry. It was established that both the activation energy E and the pre-exponential factor ln A increased, the longer the storage time, and both tended to decrease with the conversion α The time for the onset of gelation t decreased, the higher the catalyst concentration and/or the longer the preliminary storage time the former proved to be a major factor controlling t|. The glass transition temperatures T for post-cured samples of series HT “internally diluted” with stiff oxazolidone heterocycles were systematically higher than those for samples of series LT cured at 393 K whatever the catalyst concentration and/or the storage time.  This article presents a fully-conceived work aiming at designing a highly selective sorbent by molecular imprinting. Based on the template-monomer strategy, the imprinted polymer was prepared by using bisphenol A (BPA) dimethacrylate as the polymerisable monomer. The binding framework was generated by releasing BPA from the polymer. Adsorption tests indicated that the prepared polymer can discriminate BPA well from its analogue dihydroxybenzophenone, so as to adsorb more of the former and less of the latter. Theoretical simulation additionally shows that adsorption by this polymer fits the Freundlich and Temkin models well, but not the Langmuir model. Related information indicates that these observations can be a result of induced molecular memory from the imprint.  In this study, the effect of interlayer d-spacing on the contact angle (θ) of montmorillonite nanoclays was investigated. Three type of montmorillonites, pure hydrophilic, modified with 35-45 wt.% dimethyl dialkyl (C14-C18) amine (Nanomer I.44P) and modified with (1-hexadecyl) tri-methylammonium bromide (HDTMAB), were used for comparison. According to the results, it was found that cations can be replaced by organic cations and interlayer spacing increases. Although organophilic montmorillonite clays whose surface energy is lowered and is more compatible with organic polymers, they shows hydrophobic behavior with water. Modified clays were found to have a larger interlayer d-spacing and also a larger time-independent contact angle in comparison to the un-modified clay.  Fourier Transform infra red spectra of conidien microscopic fungi, capable of accumulating on and degrading polymers, have been studied, and an interpretation is provided. It is possible to define and predict their hydrophoby, which is the crucial factor in microorganism adhesion to solid (e.g. polymer) surfaces, and hence in biodegradation. Reservoir recovery processes are complex and typically entail several physical or chemical mechanisms. Polymer flooding has often been depicted to be dominated by one mechanism: water viscosification reduces the mobility ratio, and stabilizes the displacement front to increase oil recovery. Increasingly though the contribution of mechanisms other than water viscosification is becoming understood. This paper points out two novel insights into polymer flooding: (1) the intrinsic value of the polymer is likely being overestimated and (2) the practice of operating the polymer flood with incomplete voidage replacement may indeed be optimal.The conversion of a conventional waterflood to a polymer flood entails significant injectivity reduction, up to 50% or more. The maintenance of complete voidage replacement (VRR = 1) would thus require an increase in the number of injectors, or a reduction of total production rate or both. As both interventions reduce the economic returns, most projects operate with incomplete voidage replacement (VRR1). We have previously reported that a VRR1 improves the waterflood response of heavy oil reservoirs. Thus using the VRR = 1 waterflood as the comparison benchmark to the polymer response may overestimate the value of viscosification – the intrinsic value of the polymer. To quantify this, we have performed numerical simulations of polymer flooding for VRRs ranging from 0.4 to 1.4, deconvolving the relative contributions of the viscosification and VRR1 mechanisms. We observe that a polymer flood operated with VRR1 (above the oil bubble point) underperforms a polymer flood with a VRR1 by as much as one third. We conclude that the intrinsic value of the polymer is overestimated.Since their development, shape memory polymers, urethanes, styrenes, and the like, have been of increasing interest in advanced material and structure design. The following is an experimental investigation into the effect polymer chain alignment has on the mechanical properties of a particular styrene shape memory polymer, Veriflex®. Aligning the polymer chains results in several material anisotropies; giving rise to the possibility of controllable, directional shape memory and modulus behavior and a basis for a multitude of prospective design concepts. This paper studies the non-isothermal crystallization kinetics of polyamide 66 (PA66) and thermal liquid crystal polymer (TLCP) in situ composites with contents of TLCP is 1 wt.% by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) at various cooling rates. The results show that TLCP acts as nucleator for PA66 matrix accelerating the crystallization. It is speculated, from Avrami exponent and Liu method, that there is a strong hydrogen bonds between –NH-, -CO- groups of PA66 and -COOH and/or -OH groups of TLCP. Kissinger method is employed to obtain the activation energy of the crystallization process and the results indicated that the addition of TLCP may entice the crystallization of PA66 matrix. Solid-State Shear Pulverization (SP) is a new polymer processing technology capable of efficient mixing blends with different component viscosities (which are unprocessable by conventional melt extrusion due to the phase separation). SP sub ects polymers to compression and shear, resulting in fracture into a powder of various particle size and particle size distribution. SP also allows modification of properties by compatibilization of ordinarily incompatible polymers without adding premade copolymers or conventional functional groups. Additionally, because SP produces powder, it is suitable for a solid-state dispersion of pigments, curing agents, catalysts and other additives without melting (unlike conventional compounding).After reviewing the SP concept, this paper discusses recent experimental data. The research focuses on mixing like polymers such as virgin polypropylene (PP) with unmatched viscosity, resulting in blends with improved processability and a significant increase in elongation at break. A comparison with a conventional melt mixing by twin-screw extrusion is provided to demonstrate uniqueness of SP processing. An additional example involves the mixing of dissimilar, ordinarily incompatible polymers such as recycled high-density polyethylene (PE-HD), low-density polyethylene (PE-LD), PP, polystyrene (PS), and polyvinyl chloride (PVC) with very different viscosities. Once again, the SP-made material exhibited exceptionally high elongation at break as compared with that of the conventionally melt-mixed blend. The feasibility of developing fireproofing compositions based on chemical industry waste is shown. Certain specific ways of using the new fireproofing compositions in practice are indicated. As the variety of materials utilized in construction industry has expanded, new techniques have been used in order to optimize the quality and efficiency of output. Therefore, recent innovations taking place in the construction industry led researchers to increase the mechanical efficiency of the output more than the cost effectiveness of it. However, especially professionals experiencing in the industry look into the cost effectiveness of the work. In other words, they also want researchers to justify the innovative techniques economically. The aim of this study is to provide a comparative analysis of the cost efficiency of polymer concrete used to manufacture durable and long-lasting reinforced concrete structures.There is a considerable demand for the development and application of polymer materials in the flexible electronic- and polymer-based electrolyte technologies. Chitosan (CS) and poly(2-ethyl-2-oxazoline) (POZ) materials were blended with different ratios to obtain CS:POZ blend films using a straightforward solution cast technique. The work was involved a range of characteristic techniques, such as impedance spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction (XRD), and optical microscopy. From the XRD spectra, an enhancement in the amorphous nature in CS:POZ blend films was revealed when compared to the pure state of CS. The enhancement was verified from the peak broadening in CS:POZ blend films in relative to the one in crystalline peaks of the CS polymer. The optical micrograph study was used to designate the amorphous and crystalline regions by assigning dark and brilliant phases, respectively. Upon increasing POZ concentration, the dielectric constant was found to increase up to ′ = 6.48 (at 1 MHz) at 15 wt.% of POZ, and then a drop was observed beyond this amount. The relatively high dielectric constant and dielectric loss were found at elevated temperatures. The increase of POZ concentration up to 45 wt.% made the loss tangent to shift to the lower frequency side, which is related to increasing resistivity. The increases of dielectric constant and dielectric loss with temperature were attributed to the increase of polarisation. The loss tangent peaks were found to shift to the higher frequency side as temperature elevated. Obvious relaxation peaks were observed in the imaginary part of electric modulus, and no peaks were found in the dielectric loss spectra. The concentration dependent of ″ peaks was found to follow the same trend of loss tangent peaks versus POZ content. The relaxation process was studied in terms of electric modulus parameters. A comparative study of the thermomechanical and strength properties of polymer and film materials based on polybenzimidazoles was carried out. The investigated polymeric materials are more heat resistant, have low flammability, and possess high physicochemical properties, combined with chemical resistance in various corrosive media, by comparison with analogous industrial materials.  Certain possibilities of synthesising new water-soluble polymers based on chemical industry waste and local raw materials are considered. By using the latest methods of analysis, the composition, structure, and formation of the polymers are identified, and the possibilities of using the developed polymers to stabilise soils and subsoils and sands of the Aral Sea coastal region are shown.  An investigation was made of the colour characteristics of an epoxy polymer on open exposure in Gelendzhik in Saransk. It was demonstrated that the predominant factor in the effect of the ambient medium on change in the colour difference of the epoxy polymer is the dose of the ultraviolet component of solar radiation. The merit of the ‘dose’ criterion of ageing over the ‘time’ criterion was shown.  Fourier Transform infra red spectra of conidien microscopic fungi, capable of accumulating on and degrading polymers, have been studied, and an interpretation is provided. It is possible to define and predict their hydrophoby, which is the crucial factor in microorganism adhesion to solid (e.g. polymer) surfaces, and hence in biodegradation.  This investigation explores the possibility of developing a new class of particulate-filled polyester composites using waste marble dust as filler. The dusts collected from local construction sites are sieved to three different sizes (58, 110, and 155 μm). Polyester composites are fabricated with filler in different weight proportions (0, 8, 16, 24, 32, and 40 wt%). A Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy study is done to get an insight into the chemistry of composite formation. Scanning electron microscopy reveals the surface features of the filler as well as the composites. X-Ray diffraction tests are carried out on the raw filler and on the composites to ascertain the presence of hard phases. The experimental findings suggest that, while the tensile and flexural strengths of the composites marginally drop with the incorporation of marble dust, there is reasonable improvement in compressive strength, impact strength, and Shore hardness. The density and voids are also affected by the size and content of filler particles in the composite. 