The use of fiber-reinforced polymer (FRP) materials is becoming an alluring alternative for retrofitting, strengthening and constructing structural elements of a system. In terms of parameters such as confinement strength, post-retrofit ductility, cross-sectional area, weight, corrosion resistance, ease in application and overall project cost this method with time is proving to be superior to conventional method of retrofitting techniques such as steel jacketing (reinforcement jacketing) and angle jacketing methods. Whenever repair and strengthening are concerned variables such seismic resistance, increase in ductility, axial strength, impact and blast resistance, increase in flexural strength, shear strength and fatigue life are required. In case of damaged structural elements due to excessive loading or erosion in exposed environments, repair is necessary. When the structural usage changes or some neighboring load bearing structural components are removed, strengthening may be required. Though variety of FRP’s such as glass fiber, carbon fiber and aramid fiber are available for strengthening, this study mainly focuses on the application of carbon fiber polymer (CFRP) in strengthening of structural elements. The aim of this study was to regain the structural characteristics of the frame prior to the excess loading action by wrapping both column and beam fractures with CFRP and to investigate if CFRP can be utilized for retrofitting and strengthening cracked sections. The report presents the driving principles in the design as well as the study’s findings. Sound and repaired RC frame comparisons are evaluated in terms of global and local performance.
This study uses eight tests to show the experimental behavior of cold-formed steel beam-to-column screw connections exposed to high temperatures reinforced with CFRP. The structural beam members were heated from room temperature to 600 °C, held at that temperature for 5 h, and then cooled to room temperature before being reinforced with CFRP (carbon fiber-reinforced polymer). The joint's energy dissipation capacity, moment–rotation behavior, and ductility under high-temperature conditions were investigated using different beam thicknesses, gusset thicknesses, and stiffeners. The results demonstrate that increasing the gusset thickness reduced the moment, stiffness, and rotational values of the connection for beams without stiffeners but increased the beam's ductility. Using stiffeners reduced the beam's ductility but increased its energy dissipation capacity. In addition, increasing the profile thickness decreased the energy dissipation capacity. The collapse modes under high-temperature reinforced with CFRP conditions were compared to ambient temperature and post-fire conditions. The findings show that the buckling of models is affected by the thickness of the beam's wall. When the thickness of the beam wall exceeds the thickness of the gusset plate, collapse mode occurs, resulting in screw breakage. Beam buckling does not appear in beams that have stiffeners at the connection. This means that the beam will not buckle no matter how many stiffeners are employed in the connection. In addition, beam buckling was too common in beams exposed to high temperatures. Furthermore, the use of CFRP in the beam reduced buckling. All connection collapses are induced by the screw when the beam thickness divided by the gusset thickness is less than one; otherwise, they are caused by the gusset yield with screw rupture.
Plastic accumulation has become a serious environmental threat. Mitigation of plastic is important to save the ecosystem of our planet. With current research being focused on microbial degradation of plastics, microbes with the potential to degrade polyethylene were isolated in this study. In vitro studies were performed to define the correlation between the degrading capability of the isolates and laccase, a common oxidase enzyme. Instrumental analyses were used to evaluate morphological and chemical modifications in polyethylene, which demonstrated a steady onset of the degradation process in case of both isolates, Pseudomonas aeruginosa O1-P and Bacillus cereus O2-B. To understand the efficiency of laccase in degrading other common polymers, in silico approach was employed, for which 3D structures of laccase in both the isolates were constructed via homology modeling and molecular docking was performed, revealing that the enzyme laccase can be exploited to degrade a wide range of polymers. Graphical abstract 
Friedel–Crafts alkylation was employed for the preparation of benzyl chlorine-free branched poly(4-acetoxystyrene) (PSTO). Firstly, the cationic polymerization of 4-acetoxystyrene (STO) was conducted in CH_2Cl_2 at − 15 °C with 1-phenylethyl chloride (St–Cl)/SnCl_4/nBu_4NBr initiating system. Then, the chlorine end-groups would further slowly undergo alkylation reactions (mainly intra-molecular) at 0 or − 15 °C. The Friedel–Crafts alkylation can be accelerated by elevating the reaction temperature to 25 °C, which finally led to a complete conversion of terminal benzyl chlorine groups. ^1H NMR and Triple-detection GPC equipped with multi-angle laser light scattering detector (MALLS), a viscosity detector (VIS), and a refractive index detector (RI) revealed the occurrence of inter-molecular alkylation at 25 °C, which resulted in the formation of branch topology. Because of the advantages of chlorine-free and branched structures, the product is expected to be applied as photoresists to meet the requirements for high pattern resolution requirement. Graphical abstract The benzyl chlorine-free branched poly(4-acetoxystyrene) (PSTO) was synthesized after full monomer consumption at higher temperature through Friedel–Crafts alkylation between living chain ends and benzene rings of the PSTO backbones.
Synthetic water-soluble polymers, such as acrylamide-based compounds, i.e., partially hydrolyzed polyacrylamide (HPAM), are well known for polymer flooding in enhanced oil recovery (EOR) and drilling fluid supplement for well-drilling operations. However, these types of polymers have low thermal stability and mechanical resistance. Therefore, it was decided to synthesize a polymer according to the petroleum reservoir harsh conditions by selecting appropriate monomers that are stable to salinity, temperature, shear stress and to improve their properties with nanoparticles. Hence, simultaneous usage of polymer and nanomaterials in the resulting nanocomposite is expected to overcome their remaining deficiencies. In this research, a copolymer (NVP-co-APTAC) was prepared from comprising of 3-acrylamidopropyl trimethylammonium chloride (APTAC) as cationic monomer and N-vinylpyrrolidone (NVP) monomer with constant molar ratio (0.3:0.7) through aqueous media, by free-radical polymerization method. Nano-alumina particles (Al_2O_3), with different values at 0.05, 0.1, 0.15 and 0.2 wt% relative to the total weight of monomers were added to produce the nanocomposite (NVP-co-APTAC/Al_2O_3). The chemical structure of synthesized nanocomposite was characterized by conventional techniques. The results have shown that the nanocomposite containing 0.2 wt% of nano-alumina with respect to total monomers weight has high rheological behavior.
Slab–column connection of a flat plate structures is more susceptible to punching shear failure because of highly concentrated localized stresses and become even more critical when changes in building need of installing new services, reinforcement corrosion, design and construction deficiencies and non-compliance of latest code requirements. The additional resistance to the punching shear will be provided by strengthening the existing slab–column connection. External strengthening of the connection without doing any damage is feasible to enhance punching shear capacity. Hence, experimental investigations are carried out to know the behavior of externally strengthened RC slab–column connection under incremental gravity loadings. Basalt fiber-reinforced polymer is used to strengthen the flat slabs by wrapping on to the tension face of the specimen in two different patterns. For orthogonal and skew pattern of strengthening, the average punching strength enhancement was, respectively, 25% and 30% in ultimate load. The post-cracking performance in terms of stiffness was enhanced in both the wrapping patterns which are around 25% more than that of control slabs.
Abstract Shape-memory polymers (SMPs) manufactured via three-dimensional (3D) printing have potential applications in soft actuators. In this study, SMP materials were manufactured using bio-based thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) and polylactic acid (PLA) blending. TPU was synthesized via one-step polymerization using bio-based polyol (polytrimethylene ether glycol), chain extender (1,3-propane diol) and isocyanate (4,4′-diphenylmethane diisocyanate) with a bio-based sources content of 63 wt%. TPU/PLA blend filaments with 90, 70, and 50 wt% TPU were manufactured via melt extrusion, and their morphological, chemical, thermal and mechanical properties were analyzed. Immiscible blends with a dispersed droplet morphology were observed, with hydrogen bonding between the hard TPU segments and PLA increase in the TPU content. The optimal filament temperature for 3D printing was 210 °C for TPU/PLA 5:5 and 220 °C for TPU/PLA 7:3 and 9:1. The shape-memory performance rate increased with increasing TPU ratio in the TPU/PLA blend. Among the analyzed samples, the TPU/PLA 9:1 blend exhibited the fastest recovery to its initial shape, requiring 70 s at 90 °C. The presence of TPU presents elasticity to the blend, whereas PLA imparts a transition temperature (T_trans) (70 °C) that facilitates shape-memory performance above 75 °C. The formation of hydrogen bonds between the hard TPU segments and PLA increases the thermal performance and toughness. Graphical Abstract 
We present a theory of deformation of ribbons made of nematic polymer networks (NPNs). These materials exhibit properties of rubber and nematic liquid crystals, and can be activated by external stimuli of heat and light. A two-dimensional energy for a sheet of such a material has already been derived from the celebrated neo-classical energy of nematic elastomers in three space dimensions. Here, we use a dimension reduction method to obtain the appropriate energy for a ribbon from the aforementioned sheet energy. We also present an illustrative example of a rectangular NPN ribbon that undergoes in-plane serpentine deformations upon activation under an appropriate set of boundary conditions.
Calcium titanate (CaTiO_3)-filled butyl rubber (BR) composites were fabricated by mixing and hot pressing. The filler volume fraction was varied from 0 to 50%, and its effects on properties such as density, moisture absorption, dielectrics, coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE), thermal conductivity and thermal stability were studied. The phase purity of the powder was confirmed by x-ray diffraction (XRD) and energy-dispersive spectroscopy (EDS), while scanning electron microscopy (SEM) was used to analyze the dispersion, morphology and microstructure of the samples. Optimal dielectric and thermal properties were obtained for the sample having 45% filler volume fraction. Relative permittivity ( ε _r) of 11.7, along with a low loss tangent (tan δ ) of 0.0053, was achieved at the optimal filler content in the X-band (8.2–12.4 GHz) regime. A low CTE of 33.7 ppm/°C and low moisture absorption of 0.0798%, along with good thermal stability and acceptable thermal conductivity (0.6303 W/m K), were also obtained for the optimum filled sample. Moreover, an elongation of 31.9% was observed without any permanent deformation. The developed highly flexible dielectric substrate material can be effectively used for miniaturized flexible microwave circuit applications.
The viscoelastic and heat-resistant behavior of treated areca fruit husk fibers (AFHFs) reinforced unsaturated polyester resin (UPR) polymer composites were investigated for their suitability in frictional applications, specifically brake pad composites. This paves the way for the local production of frictional components at a low cost using biodegradable wastes from tobacco industry. To improve the composite mechanical and fiber/matrix bonding properties, AFHFs were treated with 5% NaOH and 0.5% potassium permanganate before being used to fabricate composite specimens for further investigation. The chemical treatment of AFHFs, the applied load and the sliding distance with a constant sliding speed of 3 m/s were the control factors for the tribological study. The tribological properties of the elaborated UPR composites were investigated that were reinforced with treated and untreated AFH fibers. ANOVA was used to ensure statistical data treatment and Taguchi’s L9 orthogonal array was used to investigate the effect of wear control parameters on AFHFs reinforced composites (AFHFC), such as specific wear rate (SWR) and coefficient of friction (COF). Tribological testing revealed that alkali-treated AFHFC (ATAFHFC) and potassium permanganate-treated AFHFC (PPTAFHFC) showed lower SWR (42.187% and 68.395%, respectively) than raw AFHFC (UTAFHFC). Chemical treatment and applied force have a greater impact on SWR than sliding distance, as shown in the ANOVA table. Moreover, dynamic mechanical analysis (DMA) revealed that improving the matrix–fiber interfacial properties of the treated AFHFs improved their viscoelastic behavior. Furthermore, PPTAFHFC exhibited stronger interfacial bonding between the fibers and matrix than other composites tested, making it an excellent material for brake pad applications. Graphical abstract 
The demands for fiber-reinforced polymer material (FRPM) have rapidly grown over the years. Nevertheless, it has many hurdles in enhancing electrical properties. The electrical properties of the FRPM have been extensively investigated by researchers for various reinforcement, matrix, coating, and chemical treatments. However, the past surveys fail to elaborate on different electrical property measurements and the behavior of various FRPMs. So, the current study aims to critically review the FRPM fabrication methods, measuring techniques, and electrical performances. The electrical performance indexes are assessed by the dielectric constant (permittivity), dissipation factor, dielectric loss factor, electrical resistivity/ conductivity, and EMI shielding effectiveness (absorption, reflection, and multiple reflections). Also, this study compiles the effect of performance influencing factors such as fiber loading, matrix type, chemical treatment, size/loading filler, and coating. Finally, the study indicates the pathway and directions for sustainable fiber-reinforced polymer sensor development for textile, agriculture, and biomedical applications.
Nowadays due to growth in industrialization, hazardous coloured effluents are released in water which affects flora and fauna as well as human life. Due to the scarcity of fresh water on the earth, a lot of scientific approaches were being applied for investigating and removal of these coloured effluents from wastewater. Amongst them, electrochemical sensing and adsorption of such dyes using conducting polymers are the emerging field nowadays. In this regard, a conducting polymer i.e. polyaniline and its composite with graphene oxide were synthesized via an in-situ chemical oxidative method. The electrochemical sensing reveals that polymer composite has high sensitivity towards Congo red as compared to prestige polyaniline. Maximum drop in peak current was noticed for polymer composite i.e. 1.43 mA from 1.98 mA i.e. attributed to a porous surface and maximum active surface area i.e. 3.46E−3 cm^2. The adsorption and sensing of Congo red on polyaniline-graphene oxide follow pseudo-second-order kinetics. The charge transfer resistance for composite first increases and then decreases with an increase in dye dosage i.e. due to the redox property of Congo red. The interaction between dye and polymer surface is physical. From the concentration-effect, it has been concluded that adsorption of CR on polyaniline-graphene oxide composite follows the Freundlich isotherm model which indicates the physio-sorption of Congo red i.e. also confirmed by the $$\Delta H$$ Δ H in the range of 5–80 kJ/mol.
In this paper, we report silk fibroin (SF) and carbon quantum dots (CQDs) nanocomposites obtained through a facile solution casting approach. The optical properties of the nanocomposites have been characterised by UV–vis absorption and photoluminescence spectroscopy. Crosslinking of SF and chemical interactions with the CQDs have been investigated by FTIR spectroscopy. In addition, water stability and degradability of the prepared composites have been investigated in terms of mass loss, important for applications in a real scenario. We observed that for a concentration of CQDs above 1%wt aggregation of nanoparticles occurs, affecting the photoluminescence of the material. The results show that the best composition in terms of photoluminescence intensity and water stability is 0.5%wt CQDs. Graphical abstract Silk–carbon quantum dot composites were formed via a solution casting method. Carbon quantum dots and silk fibroin were physically mixed, and no chemical bonds were detected. Luminescence quenching and loss in transparency were observed for concentrations of CQDs > 1%.
The preparation and characterization of ultrafine superparamagnetic Fe_3O_4 (magnetite) nanoparticles and their composites with the PMMA polymer matrix are described. The cubic structure with space group ( Fd $$\overline{3 }$$ 3 ¯ m ) of the nanofiller particle Fe_3O_4 is revealed by x-ray diffraction (XRD) studies. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and energy dispersive spectroscopy (EDS) were used to examine the microstructure and elemental compositions of PMMA-Fe_3O_4 polymer composites. The interaction of the filler particles with the characteristic functional group of the polymer PMMA was detected using Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR). UV-spectroscopy studies revealed that PMMA-Fe_3O_4 nanocomposite films have tunable energy band gap properties, with the band gap decreasing as the magnetite filler particles (Fe_3O_4) in the polymer matrix increased. Magnetic measurements revealed the superparamagnetic nature of the Fe_3O_4 nanoparticles at room temperature, which was also found to be present in the nanocomposites. These nanocomposites were found to be ferrimagnetic at low temperatures (5 K) similar to that of the nanoparticles (Fe_3O_4). The blocking temperature ( T _B) of the nanocomposites was found to increase with the superparamagnetic Fe_3O_4 nanoparticle content, while the saturation magnetization ( M _s) of the polymer nanocomposites decreased consistently. The M _s value was also estimated using TGA data, and the M _s values of different nanoparticles and nanocomposites calculated via TGA correlates with those determined from VSM analysis.
Conjugated microporous polymers (CMPs) with highly ordered catalytic units have demonstrated potential in sustainable catalysis. A salen-based conjugated microporous polymer (CMP-Salen-Zn) was firstly synthesized by condensation polymerization of dialdehyde derivative of Salen-Zn and pyrrole. The resulting CMP-Salen-Zn with excellent thermal stability was fully accessed by a combination of spectroscopy techniques. The CMP-Salen-Zn exhibited a fair porosity with a Brunauer–Emmett–Teller (BET) surface area of up to 444.6 m^2 g^−1. The CMP-Salen-Zn also exhibited high CO_2 uptakes with 59.5 mg g^−1 at 273 K and 1 bar and an outstanding catalytic performance for cycloaddition of CO_2 with epoxides. The catalytic systems feature atom economy, environmental friendliness, low catalyst loading and mild reaction conditions for the synthesis of a wide range of cyclic carbonates. Moreover, the catalytic system was found to be recycled up to eight times without significant loss of catalytic activity. The resulting CMP catalyst was also found to catalyze Knoevenagel condensation reaction between aromatic aldehyde and malononitrile in excellent conversion with environmentally friendly solvent. These results offered a promising strategy for screening the correlation between structural features and catalytic properties through the fine-tuning of active centers on CMP catalysts. Graphical Abstract 
The kinetics and isotherms of Cr(VI) removal from sulfate solution by two polymer inclusion membranes (PIMs) composed of poly(vinylidenefluoride- co -hexafluoropropylene) (PVDF-HFP), as a polymer base, and trihexyltetradecylphosphonium chloride (Cyphos^® IL 101) or trioctylmethylammonium chloride (Aliquat^® 336) with a weight percent ratio of 50/50 were investigated. This investigation was done based on batch extraction experiments. It was suggested that a Cr(VI) uptake is followed by an anion exchange mechanism, in which the chloride ion of the extractants is replaced by HCrO_4^− species. A pseudo-second-order model could predict the adsorption kinetic behaviour well, and the kinetic tests showed that the adsorption of Cr(VI) onto the studied PIMs occurred based on a chemisorption process. The maximum adsorption capacities of Cr(VI) on PIMs including Cyphos^® IL101 and Aliquat^® 336 were experimentally determined as 72.55 and 70.85 mg Cr/g PIM, respectively. The experimental results were fitted using Langmuir, Freundlich, and Dubinin-Radushkevich (D-R) isotherm models to find out the best model for predicting the isotherms of uptake of Cr(VI) by the studied PIMs. It was found that the adsorption isotherm was best matched by the Langmuir equation. The maximum adsorption capacity value ( q _max) calculated by the Langmuir model was 72.99 and 73.53 mg Cr(VI) per gram of PVDF-HFP/Cyphos^® 101 and PVDF-HFP/Aliquat^® 336 PIMs, respectively. The isotherm parameters value 0 <  R _L < 1, 1/ n  < 1 and E  > 8 showed that the Cr(VI) adsorption onto the prepared PIMs is favorable and chemisorption. Graphical abstract 
2-(2’-quinolyl) benzimidazole (QBIMH) anchored on to the crosslinked polymer beads of chloromethylated poly (styrene-co-divinyl benzene) (PSDVB) was reacted with sodium tetrachloropalladate (Na_2PdCl_4) to form polymer-supported palladium complex. The immobilized palladium complex was treated with sodium borohydride and activated. Multifarious approach supported the characterization of polymer-anchored [2-(2’-quinolyl) benzimidazole]palladium complex (PSDVB-QBIM-PdCl_2) and its activated form. The optimal activated complex catalyzed the hydrogenation of olefins, Schiff bases and nitro compounds under ambient conditions. The kinetic studies were carried out for the hydrogenation of certain olefins. The recycling ability of the supported and the unsupported catalysts was showcased.
Scientists are currently working to develop more effective and less harmful methods of delivering drugs to tissue. One method is to use a special type of carrier to help the drug get to the right place in the body. In this study, an organometallic framework nanocarrier with the formula IRMOF-3 [Zn_4O(NH_2-BDC)_3] was successfully prepared, containing magnetic nanoparticles of manganese ferrite (MnFe_2O_4) and the drug doxorubicin encapsulated in a pH- and temperature-sensitive smart polymer of poly- N -isopropylacrylamide. Doxorubicin, an anticancer drug, was loaded into the pores of a magnetic organometallic framework and modified with the smart polymer poly( N -isopropylacrylamide- co -AA), which has a lower critical solution temperature (LCST) of less than 38 °C. The synthesis of magnetic nanoparticles and magnetic organometallic frameworks encapsulated in smart polymer was investigated using various analytical techniques such as Fourier transform infrared spectrometer, thermal stability analysis, BET, and VSM. The particles in the synthesized nanocarrier are uniform in size, have high magnetic properties, and are thermally stable. The effective surface area is 7.26 m^2/g, and the pore volume is 166.394 m. The drug carrier has the ability to load up to 78% of the drug into the solution. The highest drug release was observed when the pH was 5 and the temperature was higher than the LCST. 71% of cancer cells were destroyed by the drug carrier in the culture medium. This nanosystem, designed with more drug retention, reduced side effects and controlled release in different conditions, is suitable as a drug delivery system.
Recently, high ionic conducting composite polymer electrolytes have become of great interest on account of their probable applications in various electrochemical devices, such as batteries, supercapacitors, fuel cells, solar cells, etc. The aim of the present work is to cast a stable free-standing membrane of polyvinyl alcohol (PVA)-based nanocomposite polymer electrolyte (NCPE) gel membranes using ammonium acetate salt (NH_4CH_3COO) and multiwall carbon nanotube (MWNT) contents for supercapacitor applications. X-ray diffraction (XRD) studies revealed improvements in the amorphous nature. The average crystal size of the MWNT-doped NCPE system was found to lie in the range of 30–70 nm). The degree of crystallinity ( χ _c) in this case shows a decrease of up to 35 wt.% with the increase in filler concentrations. The differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) studies show better thermal response upon the addition of MWNTs. Thermo-gravimetric analysis (TGA) studies reveal that the mass of nanocomposite polymer electrolyte gel decreases continuously with the increase in the MWNT contents. Dielectric loss studies have also been used to understand the conduction process in the system. The presence of α -relaxation was evidenced during loss measurements. The source of polarizability decreases with an increase of frequency, and finally disappears due to the inertia of mobile ions. Optimum conductivity was achieved at 5.49 × 10^−4 Scm^−1 for 1 wt.% MWCNT-embedded NCPE gel membranes. The electrical conductivity response seems to follow the universal power law. The studies suggest the development of environmentally friendly H^+ ion (proton) conducting-based supercapacitor applications.
Hydrogels are three-dimensional cross-linked stable network insoluble in water, which gives them a remarkable capacity to absorb both water and biological fluids. Hydrogel has been synthesized from natural or synthetic polymers and/or monomers, which have made tremendous advancements in many different applications. Composite hydrogel is a type of hydrogel prepared by grafting hydrophilic groups, such as hydroxyl (–OH), carboxylic acid (–COOH), imide (–CONH), sulfonic acid (–SO_3H), amine (–NH_2), and amide (–CONH_2), into the polymer chain’s backbone and adding some additives such as kaolin, zeolite, or even different types of nanoparticles. Whereas the polymeric composite hydrogels exhibit stimuli for different properties such as pH, temperature, or light, which may affect swelling, mechanical properties, and self-healing, which in turn play vital roles in different areas. Hence, numerous efforts have been made to synthesize polymer-based composited hydrogels via physical or chemical crosslinking techniques to enhance their physiochemical, biological, and many other properties. Many researchers are currently paying attention to hydrogels and their applications, including wastewater treatment and purification, medical and biomedical applications, agricultural applications, and many other industrial applications. The aim of this review is to summarize the classification of composite hydrogels based on their chemical and physical crosslinking techniques, in addition to the different polymers and additives used to prepare composite hydrogels. Furthermore, the impact of hydrogel on health and the environment has been discussed. Other significant issues were also presented, including the challenges that face hydrogel production and application, which have been discussed.
We report on white-light polymer light-emitting diodes based on the blue polymer poly(dibenzothiophene- S , S -dioxide-co-dioctyl-2,7-fluorene) (PFSO10) and poly[bis(4-phenyl)(4-butylphenyl)amine](Poly-TPD). Through incomplete energy transfer from the blue polymers to low-energy exciplex, we realized a white-light emission based on two high-energy blue polymers, which proved a simple and effective method to appreciate the white-light emission. The exciplex device presented a white-light emission with a color rendering index (CRI) of 49 and Commission Internationale de L’Eclairage (CIE) coordinates of (0.38, 0.41) by optimizing the blended ratio of PFSO10 and Poly-TPD. In order to obtain a broader white-light emission, the red phosphorescent material, Ir(piq)_3 , was doped into an emissive layer to improve the red light emission. The maximum luminous efficiency of 1.7 cd/A was realized after optimizing the device process. Compared to the exciplex device using PFSO10:Poly-TPD = 70:30 as the emissive layer, a 40% improvement from the maximum luminous efficiency was achieved. Through optimizing the thermal temperature, the CRI of 89 and CIE coordinates of (0.38, 0.41) were obtained when the thermal temperature was 140°C. These observations demonstrate that utilizing incomplete energy transfer from a high-energy emitter to a low-energy exciplex can be an effective strategy to realize a high-quantity white-light emission.
Plastics are organic polymers mainly derived from petrochemicals which can be flexibly molded into different shapes. Due to the many benefits of petroleum plastics, including their low cost, high durability, resistance to oxidation, flexibility, water resistance, and inertness, their demand continuously increases. Accumulation of plastic waste in nature is a serious concern. Small plastic particles which are highly resistant to biodegradation gather within organisms, leading to unknown health impacts. Here we present global efforts in diminishing plastic pollutants by identifying recent interdisciplinary contributions to plastic biodegradation and chemical degradation, suitable recycling strategies, and sustainable alternatives derived from biobased material.
The inclination of industry towards the naturally extracted raw materials is increasing to ensure the replacement of petroleum-based raw materials. “Eugenol” is a naturally extracted compound that serves as an efficient raw material for various polymers. It is the chemical structure of eugenol that enables it to get functionalized thereby making it potential for incorporation in polymers. The presence of aromatic ring and allyl group ensures the stability and resistivity against the factors which are favourable to the microbial colonization over the surface of the product. This enables the polymers incorporated with eugenol to impart better barrier properties to the product thereby enhancing its shelf life. Thus, it was applied in the polymer, coating as well as in the packaging industry. The study deals with the extraction, properties, and application of eugenol as raw material, in the packaging and the coating industry. Various extraction methods of eugenol have been discussed as conventional, non-conventional, and green technology. It is obtained naturally from plants such as tulsi leaves, clove buds, cinnamon bark, and turmeric. Several properties of eugenol such as solubility, toxicity, antimicrobial, and antifungal properties are discussed. The discussion of the incorporation of Eugenol with various polymers such as polyesters, polyurethanes, polyacrylates, epoxy, polyolefins and subsequent improvements in their properties has been discussed. It was also incorporated with oils and certain biopolymers like starch and cellulose. Eugenol used as an additive and its various properties in each application are discussed. Graphical abstract 
In an effort to produce a lithium-ion battery for application in electronic devices, a gel polymer electrolyte (GPE) system was blended with poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) and polylactic acid (PLA) doped with lithium bis(oxalato) borate (LiBOB) and incorporated with various compositions of 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium chloride (EMIM(Cl)) ranging from 0 wt.% to 24 wt.%. This study focused on the determination of free ions with the effect of the addition EMIM(Cl) in the PMMA/PLA-LiBOB through Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy and x-ray diffraction. The inclusion of EMIM(Cl) in the GPE systems was proven by the emergence of a new peak in the FTIR analysis. The changes that occurred in the FTIR spectra confirmed the complexation between the doped polymer blend with ionic liquid. The ionic liquid helps enhance the dissociation of the Li^+ cation from the loosely bound Li^+---BOB^− and facilitates the transport of ions via the ion hopping mechanism. Consequently, the crystallinity of GPE samples becomes suppressed and reaches the optimum ionic conductivity up to 10^−3 S cm^−1 at room temperature for samples with 18 wt.% composition of EMIM(Cl). FTIR deconvolution shows that the ionic conductivity trend aligns with ion mobility and diffusion rates. The findings revealed that the present GPE-based PMMA/PLA–LiBOB doped with EMIM(Cl) has excellent potential to be applied as an energy storage device, especially a Li^+ battery.
Poly (butylene adipate-co-terephthalate) (PBAT), a biodegradable polymer, is a promising material in the food packaging industry. Its high elongation at break, ease of processibility, and biodegradability make it a substitute for low-density polyethylene. But its use in food packaging is limited to its cost, low tensile strength, and barrier properties. Herein, using a green approach, we prepared PBAT composite film with epoxidized soya bean oil (ESO) and encapsulated lignin (Lig)/tannic acid (Ta) (ESO-Lig-Ta) as filler. Different amounts (1, 2, 3%) of ESO-Lig-Ta were added to the composite film, and the effect on the properties was studied. The result showed that the ESO-Lig-Ta improved the tensile strength by more than 100%, and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) revealed a homogenous dispersion of the encapsulated filler in the matrix. The ultraviolet (UV) transmission decreased with an increasing amount of ESO-Lig-Ta. There was a reduced water vapor and oxygen transmission rate due to ESO-Lig-Ta than the neat PBAT film. Food (fresh potato and onion) sealed with the composite film remained fresh for up to 12 days at room temperature. The biodegradation of the composite film resulted from hydrolysis C-O/C = O, as shown by attenuated total reflection–Fourier transform infrared spectra (ATR-FTIR). The composite film can be extensively applied in short-lived fresh food packaging and long-term preservation and packaging of dry food products. Graphical Abstract ESO-encapsulated lignin and tannic acid incorporated into PBAT film as a potential food packaging film for short-live fresh products and long-term storage of dry food products.
In this research work, polyethylene terephthalate (PET) and polystyrene (PS) were melt blended using glycidyl methacrylate-grafted styrene-block-butadiene (SbB-g-GMA) as a dual functional reactive compatibilizer and impact modifier to achieve a blend with stable morphology having no distinct phase separation. Accordingly, for the fabrication of the dual functional reactive compatibilizer, copolymerization was conducted through grafting glycidyl methacrylate (GMA) onto styrene-block-butadiene copolymer (SbB). Then, different compositions of the blends were prepared with various loadings of the compatibilizer. It was demonstrated that blending of PET with PS compatibilized with dual purpose compatibilizer resulted in a blend with improved toughness, thermal and mechanical properties as compared to the uncompatibilized blend. Moreover, it was demonstrated by the field- emission scanning electron microscopy (FE-SEM) results that although the unmodified PET/ PS blend was composed of large PS droplets, the PS droplets size was significantly minimized in the compatibilized blends, indicating better miscibility, and therefore, superior mechanical properties. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of the developed dual-functional compatibilizer for potential recycling of PET and PS, as two widely consumed polymers via a simple melt blending approach. The compatibilized blends with improved properties have great potential for use in a variety of applications.
A polymer-derived ZrC ceramic with excellent electromagnetic interference (EMI) shielding performance was developed to meet ultra-high temperature requirements. The thermal decomposition process of ZrC organic precursor was studied to reveal the evolution of phase composition, microstructure, and EMI shielding performance. Furthermore, the carbothermal reduction reaction occurred at 1300°C, and the transition from ZrO_2 to ZrC was completed at 1700°C. With the increase in the annealing temperature, the tetragonal zirconia gradually transformed into monoclinic zirconia, and the transition was completed at the annealing temperature of 1500°C due to the consumption of a large amount of the carbon phase. The average total shielding effectiveness values were 11.63, 22.67, 22.91, 22.81, and 34.73 dB when the polymer-derived ZrC was annealed at 900, 1100, 1300, 1500, and 1700°C, respectively. During the thermal decomposition process, the graphitization degree and phase distribution of free carbon played a dominant role in the shielding performance. The typical core–shell structure composed of carbon and ZrC can be formed at the annealing temperature of 1700°C, which results in excellent shielding performance.
This work focuses on the preparation and characterization of new poly(GMA)@Fe_3O_4 and poly(GMA)@Fe_3O_4-NH_2 nanocomposites. Firstly, the magnetite was synthesized and functionalized by different aminosilanes (mono, di and triamine); then, different percentages of these materials were dispersed by ultrasound in the poly(GMA) matrix. The structural, thermal and morphological properties of obtained composites were evaluated. For this, different characterizations such as Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction, X-ray photoelectron spectrometry, scanning electronic microscopy and thermogravimetric analysis were employed. It was shown that the aminosilanes nature, the percentage of nanofillers and the use of ultrasonic treatment play a very important role in the structural, thermal and morphological properties of the obtained composites; the results show that the best composites with improved stabilities were obtained by Fe_3O_4 and NH_2-Fe_3O_4 functionalized by monoamine as nanofillers. The yields of the obtained composites were very high in a lower reaction time, which is mainly due to the sonication process. The use of ultrasound also allowed preserving the epoxy ring known to be a very reactive function and an easily opened ring; this huge advantage will allow a possible modification of these composites for any application. Graphical abstract 
Coordination polymers have been a hot research topic in the field of biomedicine for their interesting bioactivities. To study the effects of metal ions on the bioactivity of the resulting coordination polymers, in this study, two novel coordination polymers, [Zn_4(L)_4(bix)_4]·n(DMF)·4n(H_2O) ( 1 ) and [Cd(L)(bix)(H_2O)_2]_n·2n(H_2O) ( 2 ) (H_2L = 5-(1-oxoisoindolin-2-yl)isophthalic acid, bix = 5-(1-oxoisoindolin-2-yl)isophthalic acid, DMF =  N,N′ -dimethylformide), have been synthesized by the reactions of H_2L, bix and Zn(II) or Cd(II) salts under the solvothermal condition and further characterized via the single crystal X-ray diffraction, powder X-ray diffraction, elemental analysis and thermogravimetric analyses. The CIE chromaticity diagram indicated that complexes 1 and 2 are excellent blue luminescent materials. Their therapeutic effect with synergistic curcumin on post-stroke depression was explored in the present work. First of all, the analysis of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was exploited for testing the 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) content exists in brain. Next, the serotonin transporter relative expression was also analyzed with the detection of real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). The experimental results show that the CP 1 could be a better candidate for synergistic curcumin for treating post-stroke depression by increasing 5-HT content and relative expression of serotonin transporter than CP 2 .
Super absorbency is the extraordinary capacity of a substance to absorb and retain a large amount of liquid. Hydrophobic polymer chains are cross-linked to form superabsorbent polymer (SAP) hydrogels. Due to greater ability to absorb water, extended lifespans, and availability of a wide range of basic chemical resources, synthetic hydrogels gradually displaced natural hydrogels. These superabsorbent polymer hydrogels are in usage around the world in various applications for more than 50 years. Hydrogels are referred to as intelligent or smart materials since they respond to certain environmental stimuli and undergo a large volume phase shift in response to specific physical and chemical stimuli. The various forms of hydrogels and their wider applications are currently of research interests. The main goal of this review is to assess the literature on the various classification systems for hydrogels, their physical and chemical properties, and the technical viability of using them in civil engineering applications based on the newest publications in this field and the role of hydrogels as a new building material promoting environmental sustainability. A newly developed class of the most recent hydrogel material generations was also briefly discussed. Graphical abstract on superabsorbent polymers in cementitious materials 
Various materials have been used to treat wastewater recently, mostly polymeric materials. Regarding the cost of the polymer, physical conditions, and mechanical strength, it is becoming more common to use nanomaterials as filler to make it cheaper and stronger. Calcium carbonate is one of the natural materials used in various fields as a macro- to nanosized material, although its synthetic (precipitated) form is much more popular. This material is compatible with most polymers; thus, one of its most used applications is preparing the polymeric composites and nanocomposites reinforced with calcium carbonate. Non-toxicity, cost-effectiveness, biocompatibility, abundance, and other features are why researchers and industries use this compound. The literature shows that adding calcium carbonate improves adsorbents’ mechanical stability and removal efficiency (in some cases to 100%). Also, calcium carbonate size strongly affected the adsorption behavior of the adsorbents. This review covers recent research on nanosized calcium carbonate applications, whether natural or precipitated, in the forms of pure and hybrid/nanocomposites to remove water pollutants.
Solid polymer electrolytes (SPEs) based on ionic liquid (IL) were created using poly(vinylidene fluoride-co-hexafluoropropylene) (PVDF-HFP) polymer mixed with 30 wt.% sodium thiocynate and varying weight ratios of EMIm-TCM ranging from 0 wt.% to 300 wt.%. The structural, electrical, thermal, morphological, and electrochemical features of the SPEs films, showing the effects of PVDF-HFP and the level of IL loading, have all been carefully examined. With the addition of IL, the mechanical qualities and mechanical stability of PVDF-HFP were enhanced, getting closer to the smaller usage for liquid electrolytes in energy devices. With the addition of 300 wt.% IL, the maximum ionic conductivity of 10^−3 S cm^−1 was attained. Additionally, the presence of the amorphous region in the IL-based electrolyte supported the movement of the EMIm + and TCM − ions in the PVDF-HFP chains, as shown by polarized optical microscopy and the ionic transference number. Due to their strong ionic conductivity, good mechanical attributes, and potential for long-term use in electrical double-layer capacitor applications, the developed PVDF-HFP/NaSCN/EMIm-TCM complex-based SPEs are particularly promising, showing the specific capacitance of 10 Fg^−1.
Perovskite solar cells have garnered the attention of researchers in recent years as they have been able to attain high efficiency within a short time. In the present study, the hybrid organic inorganic lead iodide perovskite has been used as the sensitizer. Successful fabrication of a hybrid lead halide perovskite sensitized solar cell (PSC) with copper iodide as a medium for transporting holes (HTM) has been performed in a sandwich structure. The synthesized CH_3NH_3PbI_3 material and HTM have undergone various characterization processes, such as XRD, UV–Vis, SEM, and EDX. The present work is based on the synthesis of perovskite, HTM, and polymer electrolyte and their application in a PSC at room ambient following the sandwich structure. A planar WE/TiO_2/CH_3NH_3PbI_3/HTM/electrolyte/CE structure was fabricated through solution-processed spin-coating. The electrical properties of the PSC were measured through a solar simulator, and it attained an efficiency of 13.64%, with $$ V_{{{\text{oc}}}} = 0.63\,{\text{V}} $$ V oc = 0.63 V and J _sc $$ = 33\frac{{{\text{mA}}}}{{{\text{cm}}^{2} }} $$ = 33 mA cm 2 with fill factor = 0.65. This work shows the sandwich-structured fabrication of the PSC in ambient condition with a considerably good efficiency which represents the novelty of the work.
A new inorganic-organic hybrid heterometallic compound, namely {[(CH_3)_2NH_2][CdNa(4,4′-bpdc)_2]}_ n ·6n(H_2O) ( 1 , 4,4′-H_2bpdc is 4,4′-biphenyldicarboxylic acid), was synthesized through the solvothermal self-assembly reactions of 4,4′-H_2bpdc ligand in combination with Cd(II) and Na(I) salts. importantly, compound 1 shows high selectivity and sensitivity for the detection of acetylacetone (Hacac) molecule with a high K _sv value of 11.667 nM^−1. Its prevention activity on osteoarthritis after the reconstruction of anterior cruciate ligament was investigated and the associated mechanism was analyzed. At first, the enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) detection was implemented in the current research to detect the Interleukin-1β (IL-1β) and Interleukin-1β (IL-18) content released into joint cavity after treated with the compound. The results showed that this complex was good at inhibiting the IL-1β and IL-18 content released into joint cavity. The real time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) was carried out and the nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-κB) signaling pathway activation in joint soft tissue was tested exploiting real time RT-PCR. The real time RT-PCR exhibited that the NF-κB signaling pathway activation in the joint soft tissue was significantly reduced by the new compound. Subsequently, the levels of cartilage tissue cell apoptosis were also tested through Annexin V-FITC Apoptosis detection, and the results suggested the cartilage tissue cell apoptosis levels were obviously reduced by the compound.
Membrane technologies have great potential to treat polluted water due to their characteristic features such as high porosity, flexibility and large mechanical strength. The present review summarizes the most elevated development on fabrication and modification of membrane technologies artificially and naturally, emphasizing their advanced progress, challenges and future improvement in water treatment applications. The article compares the proficiency of different membranes made up of natural or artificial polymers for wastewater treatment and discusses their effectiveness for removing dreads, toxic and widespread heavy metal ions. We compare the electrospun technique against other fabrication techniques, such as interfacial polymerization, phase inversion, stretching, blending and track etching for the preparation of membrane and mainly focusing on electrospinning technique for membrane synthesis which exhibits intriguing properties like high specific surface area, high porosity and robust mechanical strength. The roles of both artificial, as well as natural polymers in water purification, have been summarized. The electrospun nanofiber membrane offers a viable and effective means for wastewater treatment. Graphical abstract 
This study covers the synthesis of hypercrosslinked polystyrene adsorbents based on polystyrene (P-HCP) and expanded polystyrene (EPS-HCP) with a simple one-step Friedel–Crafts reaction to remove lead. The surface areas for P-HCP and EPS-HCP were obtained as 370.79 and 689.38 m^2/g, respectively. The FESEM analysis for P-HCP and EPS-HCP adsorbents displays a porous morphology and a rough building with many spherical pores. The polymers were hyper-crosslinked using formaldehyde dimethylacetal. The synthesized polymers were used for removal of lead ions at different operating conditions. The experiments were designed using a response surface methodology (RSM) based on a central composite design. The designed tests were performed in the temperature range of 20–60 °C, using lead concentration range of 20–100 mg/L and the adsorption time of 10–50 min. The results showed that the synthesized hypercrosslinked adsorbent can remove more than 95.3% of lead ions from the effluent solution. The optimal conditions of the adsorption were obtained at temperature of 30 °C, contact time of 40 min, and lead concentration of 80 mg/L. To assess the behavior of the adsorbent, the experimental data were fitted using the adsorption isotherm and kinetic models. The results illustrated that the adsorption isotherm data were well fitted by Freundlich model for EPS-HCP and Temkin isotherm for P-HCP, whereas the adsorption kinetics pursued the pseudo-second-order kinetic model for both absorbents. The experimental results showed that the synthesized polymeric adsorbents have an excellent potential for removing metal contaminants from the effluent. Graphical abstract 
Boric acid (BA) was reacted with 3-glycidyloxypropyltrimethoxysilane (GPTMOS) in diethylene glycol dimethyl ether, 1,4-dioxane or without using any solvent under reflux condition to obtain epoxyborosiloxane resins. A gelled product was obtained irrespective of solvent (1,4-dioxane/diethylene glycol dimethyl ether) used when BA and GPTMOS were reacted in 0.5:1 mole ratio followed by the removal of solvent and methanol (byproduct) by flash evaporation. Epoxyborosiloxane resins soluble in common organic solvents and having epoxy value of 3.8–4.2 eqv/kg were obtained when BA and GPTMOS were reacted in 0.5:1.5 mole ratio in 1,4-dioxane followed by flash drying or freeze drying. These resins leave behind ceramic residue of 39–44% at 800 °C in inert atmosphere as indicated by thermogravimetric analysis. Epoxyborosiloxane resin exhibiting $${{{\bar{\mathrm M}}}}_{{{\mathrm{w}}}}$$ M ¯ w of 4070 and $${{{\bar{\mathrm M}}}}_{{{\mathrm{n}}}}$$ M ¯ n of 1600 and epoxy value of 4.4 eqv/kg was obtained by solventless process. In an attempt to improve the inorganic residue, epoxyborosiloxane resins containing vinylsiloxy units were synthesized from BA and a mixture of GPTMOS and vinyltriethoxysilane in 1,4-dioxane, diethylene glycol dimethyl ether (diglyme) or in bulk under reflux condition. The oligomer synthesized in dioxane is soluble in organic solvents and has $${{{\bar{\mathrm M}}}}_{{{\mathrm{w}}}}$$ M ¯ w of 4370 and $${{{\bar{\mathrm M}}}}_{{{\mathrm{n}}}}$$ M ¯ n of 2020 and epoxy value of 1.7 eqv/kg. The oligomer obtained by the solventless process exhibits $${{{\bar{\mathrm M}}}}_{{{\mathrm{w}}}}$$ M ¯ w and $${{{\bar{\mathrm M}}}}_{{{\mathrm{n}}}}$$ M ¯ n of 3460 and 1110 and epoxy value of 2.0 eqv/kg. These resins exhibit higher ceramic residue compared to epoxyborosiloxane resins. Soluble epoxyborosiloxane and epoxy(vinyl)borosiloxane oliogomers were characterized by ^1H-,^13C- and ^29Si-NMR spectra. The oligomers contain T^2 (Si surrounded by two O–Si or O–B bonds) and T^3 (Si surrounded by three O–Si or O–B bonds) structural units as indicated by^29Si-NMR spectra. Epoxyborosiloxane and epoxy(vinyl)borosiloxane resins were synthesized by reacting boric acid with 3-glycidyloxypropyltrimethoxysilane and with mixtures of 3-glycidyloxypropyltrimethoxysilane and vinyltriethoxysilane. Epoxyborosiloxane and epoxy(vinyl)borosiloxane resins synthesized by a solventless non-aqueous sol–gel process have epoxy value of 4.4 eqv/kg and 2 eqv/kg respectively. ^29Si-NMR spectral studies suggest that the resins contain T^2 (Si surrounded by two O–Si or O–B bonds) and T^3 (Si surrounded by three O–Si or O–B bonds) structural units. Incorporation of vinylsiloxy units enhances the thermal stability and ceramic residue of epoxyborosiloxane.
Hybrid prostheses have recently been used as suitable treatment alternatives for edentulous individuals to restore the mastication mechanism. These prostheses utilize “All on four” concept, in which four implants are inserted into the jaw bone, and supported by a bar. Titanium is usually used in the fabrication of “All on four” parts due to its good mechanical properties. However, it has many drawbacks including esthetic impairment, casting issues, hypersensitivity reactions, stress shielding, and incompatibility with imaging techniques. These drawbacks have prompted researchers to find alternative materials (e.g., polymers). Recently, the new polymeric material PEEK has a major role in dentistry, due to its biocompatibility, shock-absorbing ability, and good mechanical properties. This work used the finite-element method to conduct stress–strain analysis on mandible rehabilitated with a hybrid prosthesis, using PEEK in the fabrication of “All on four” parts instead of titanium, using different densities of spongy bone. As the density of spongy bone is expected to influence the choice of “All on four” fabrication material. A 300 N vertical force was applied unilaterally, bilaterally, and anteriorly to stimulate the different mastication mechanisms. The results illustrated that PEEK material reduced the stresses and strains on bone tissues and increased the mucosal stress, compared to titanium. Consequently, this material was recommended to be used in the fabrication of “All on four” parts, especially in the low-density model. However, further research on PEEK implants and abutments is required in near future.
Abstract A new amphiphilic six-armed A_3B_3-type miktoarm star polymer was synthesized starting from a triazidohydrin as the core. First, three hydrophobic arms of polycaprolactone were formed on the core through ring-opening polymerization (core-first method). Next, presynthesized PEG-based hydrophilic arms were attached to the previous structure using click chemistry (arm-first method). In the vicinity of the junction of the hydrophilic arms to the core, bio-reducible disulfide bonds were embedded. The prepared star polymer was characterized by elemental analysis and spectroscopic techniques (FT-IR and H-NMR). Using transmission electron microscopy (TEM) it was found that the amphiphilic macromolecules at concentrations higher than critical micelle concentration (CMC) formed spherical micelles with an average diameter below 100 nm. The CMC of the synthesized amphiphilic polymer in aqueous solution was determined by fluorometric method via examining the emission spectra of an organic probe. Thus, it was measured to be 1.76 × 10^–3 mg/mL (3.90 × 10^–7 M). In addition, dynamic light scattering measurements indicated that the spherical micelles had a mean hydrodynamic diameter ( $$\overline{D }$$ D ¯ _H) of ~ 70 nm and polydispersity index of 0.17. Graphical abstract 
Recently, waterproof lighting and luminescent displays have been achieved in perovskite–polymer composite materials. However, practical large-area display applications are still limited to the strong electrostatic adhesion (EA) and high productivity. To overcome these deficiencies, large-area (~ 600 cm^2) homogeneous perovskite–polymer fiber membranes (PPFMs) are synthesized by an electrospinning strategy in this work. Due to the microscopic cladding of the hydrophobic polymer fibers, the electrospun PPFMs exhibit ultrastable underwater luminescence for more than 90 days, and strong EA to diverse materials without pretreatments or additional adhesives. Moreover, by utilizing a proposed programmable laser lithography strategy, designed PPFM patterns are fabricated as the assembly blocks of large-area colorful or tridimensional displays. Interestingly, due to laser thermal ablation effects, the disengaged edges of these blocks are self-stitched with high mechanical stability and operability. This work provides a simple and effective strategy to realize waterproof, self-adhesive, and large-area display applications of perovskite nanomaterials in real world settings. Graphical Abstract Large-area perovskite–polymer fiber membranes are synthetized by an electrospinning strategy. Underthe microscopic cladding of hydrophobic polymer fibers, the composite membranes of perovskite nanocrystals fully embedded exhibit ultrastable underwater luminescence for more than 90 days, it also demonstrates  excellent flexibility and good self-adhesion to diverse materials. Moreover, designed colorful membrane patterns can be fabricated by a proposed programmable laser lithography strategy, and used as assembly blocks of large-area two-dimensional or tridimensional displays.
Packaging systems are facing a paradigm shift where challenges like recycling issues, non-biodegradable nature, and the migration of harmful chemical substances into food need to be solved. As a response, active packaging from sustainable materials has gained attention. Considering this, the extrusion process was employed to elaborate active mono-material films and elucidate the internal interactions between different content (0, 2.5, 5, and 7.5%) of inclusion complexes (IC) based on β-cyclodextrins (β-CD)/essential oils (orange or thyme) and sustainable materials such as biopolymers (PLA) and post-consumer recycled polymers (rHDPE). The thermal, morphological, mechanical, and antifungal properties of the films were evaluated. The addition of IC produced structural changes in the rHDPE films that promoted ordered matrix structures, as indicated by the changes in crystallinity. Furthermore, the PLA films containing β-CD-Orange or β-CD-Thyme showed smoother and more homogeneous surfaces, showing higher compatibility and interfacial adhesion between the ICs and the biopolymer, which resulted in better antifungal activity against Penicillium funiculosum hyphae growth. The results showed an alternative for the use of biopolymers and post-consumer recycled polymers to develop stiff (PLA) and less stiff (rHDPE) sustainable active packaging, which constitutes an interesting topic for further studies.
The formulation of drugs in poly(lactic- co -glycolic acid) (PLGA) nanoparticles can be accomplished by various methods, with nanoprecipitation and nanoemulsion being among the most commonly used manufacturing techniques to provide access to high-quality nanomaterials with reproducible quality. Current trends turned to sustainability and green concepts leading to a re-thinking of these techniques, particularly as the conventional solvents for the dissolution of the polymer suffer from limitations like hazards for human health and natural environment. This chapter gives an overview about the different excipients used in classical nanoformulations with a special focus on the currently applied organic solvents. As alternatives, the status quo of green, sustainable, and alternative solvents regarding their application, advantages, and limitations will be highlighted as well as the role of physicochemical solvent characteristics like water miscibility, viscosity, and vapor pressure for the selection of the formulation process, and for particle characteristics. New alternative solvents will be introduced for PLGA nanoparticle formation and compared regarding particle characteristics and biological effects as well as for in situ particle formation in a matrix consisting of nanocellulose. Conclusively, new alternative solvents are available that present a significant advancement toward the replacement of organic solvents in PLGA nanoparticle formulations.
This article is devoted to the study of various dielectric and optoelectrical parameters nonlinear optic behaviors, thermal lens and self-diffraction parameters of Fluorescein (FLs) doped polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA) films. The films were prepared with 60 mM. These studies are based on the calculated values of refractive, absorption coefficient, energy gap, extinction coefficient and nonlinear Refraction index $$(n_{2} )$$ ( n 2 ) . The polymer films were prepared using the casting technique. All samples were previously investigated by UV–Vis–NIR spectrophotometric measurements and Optical microscopy SEM and ATM. Utilizing thermal lens spectrometry, an investigation of the thermo-optical characteristics as well as the nonlinear refractive index was carried out. In this method, a pump beam and a probe beam were brought into collinear alignment with one another. To determination the nonlinear Refraction index $$(n_{2} )$$ ( n 2 ) . High values of nonlinear refractive index predict a bright future for materials in optical applications. These results indicate that the new dye is a promising candidate for applications in nonlinear optical devices. Investigations were carried out on organic photovoltaic devices in addition to devices consisting of active layers with conducting polymer of PHPP:P3HT film and PHPP:P3HT/Fls. The methods of polymer and dyes synthesis are presented and their physical properties are given.
Mn_3O_4 (MO) nanoparticles have drawn a lot of attention due to their use in batteries, ion exchange, sensors, and catalysts in various oxidation states. Here, prior to developing new hybrid freestanding films with different MO nanoparticle concentrations (0, 0.037, 0.37, and 3.7 wt%), it was essential to first manage the electrical and optical properties of the PVA/PVP blend. Several methods, including high-resolution transmission electron microscopy, Atomic force microscope, FTIR, and XRD, were accustomed to verifying the emergence of the polymeric nanocomposite (PNC) films. The correlation between both the optical and dielectric properties of the films and the bandgap was altered using the doping ratio. In terms of its optical properties, MO is observed to have a significant impact on pure PVA/PVP, including the indirect optical energy gap, the localized state’s order, the absorption coefficient, and the response of optical conductivity. Hervé–Vandamme, Moss, Singh-Kumar, and Ravindra are a few models that have studied the connection between energy gaps and refractive index. Moreover, PVA/PVP/xMn_3O_4 polymer nanocomposite samples with varied MO levels were examined for their linear together with nonlinear optical properties (NLOP). The exclusion of both ordinary and laser light is studied in the PVA/PVP enriched MO (NPs) samples that were created. Moreover, there are sharp decreases in the laser transmitted power from 315.88 to 13.6 mW for the pure blend to 0.135 and 0.00039 for PNC/3.75Mn_3O_4 nano-composition using a laser source of 623.8 and 533 nm, respectively. Thus PNC/3.75Mn_3O_4 sample is recognized as a good prospect for relatively inexpensive optical limiting and laser filter innovation.
The influence of particulate reinforcements produced from an 85 wt.% Ti + 15 wt.% Al powder mixture, processed through high-voltage electric discharges (HVED) in kerosene, on the key mechanical properties of a polymer composite with an ED-20 epoxy oligomer matrix was studied. Following HVED processing, the powder showed the following phase composition: 74 wt.% Ti, 15 wt.% Al, and 11 wt.% TiC, with an average particle size of 10–12 μm. The reinforcement content of the composite varied from 0.25 to 2.0 wt.%. The optimal reinforcement content that substantially improved the strength and impact toughness of the composite (by 1.7–1.8 times compared to the starting matrix) was found to be 0.5 wt.%. When the particulate reinforcement content in the composite was raised to 1.25–2.0%, the fracture strength reduced significantly, nearly reaching the level of the starting epoxy matrix. A model was proposed to account for the extremum observed in the dependences of the mechanical properties on the reinforcement content of the composite. The model relied on the hypothesis that mechanical and structural factors independently influenced the properties of the composite. The mechanical effect was determined by the redistribution of strain-induced stresses between the matrix and reinforcement and by the adhesion between the composite components. The structural effect resulted from changes in the properties of the polymer matrix induced by surface interactions with the reinforcement particles.
Polymer injection molding processes have been used to create high-volume parts quickly and efficiently. Injection molding uses mold plates that are traditionally made of very hard tool steels, such as P20 steel, which is extremely heavy and has very long lead times to build new molds. In this study, composite-based additive manufacturing (CBAM) was used to create mold plates using long-fiber carbon fiber and polyether ether ketone (PEEK). These mold plates were installed in an injection molding machine, and rectangular flat plates were produced using Lustran 348 acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS). Tensile and flexural testing was performed on these parts as well as parts produced using traditional P20 steel mold plates with the same geometry to compare the performance of the different mold plates. The parts produced using the carbon fiber mold plates were within 5% of the tensile strength and 10% of the flexural strength of the traditionally manufactured parts. However, the parts produced using the carbon fiber mold plates required additional cooling time due to the lower conductivity of the carbon fiber composite compared to the P20 steel. This allows additively manufactured composite molds to be a good substitute for conventional molds in low-volume injection molding production.
With increasing personalized healthcare, fiber-based wearable temperature sensors that can be incorporated into textiles have attracted more attention in the field of wearable electronics. Here, we present a flexible, well-passivated, polymer–nanocomposite–based fiber temperature sensor fabricated by a thermal drawing process of multiple materials. We engineered a preform to optimize material processability and sensor performance by considering the rheological and functional properties of the preform materials. The fiber temperature sensor consisted of a temperature-sensing core made from a conductive polymer composite of thermoplastic polylactic acid, a conductive carbon filler, reduced graphene oxide, and a highly flexible linear low-density polyethylene passivation layer. Our fiber temperature sensor exhibited adequate sensitivity (− 0.285%/°C) within a temperature range of 25–45 °C with rapid response and recovery times of 11.6 and 14.8 s, respectively. In addition, it demonstrated a consistent and reliable temperature response under repeated mechanical and chemical stresses, which satisfied the requirements for the long-term application of wearable fiber sensors. Furthermore, the fiber temperature sensor sewn onto a daily cloth and hand glove exhibited a highly stable performance in response to body temperature changes and temperature detection by touch. These results indicate the great potential of this sensor for applications in wearable, electronic skin, and other biomedical devices. Graphical Abstract 
Abstract In flows with re-entrant corners, polymeric fluids can exhibit a recirculation region along the wall upstream from the corner. In general, the formation of these vortices is controlled by both the extensional and shear rheology of the material. More importantly, these regions can only form for sufficiently elastic fluids and are often called “lip vortices”. These elastic lip vortices have been observed in the flows of complex fluids in geometries with sharp bends. In this work, we characterize the roles played by elasticity and shear thinning in the formation of the lip vortices. Simulations of the Newtonian, Bird-Carreau, and Oldroyd-B models reveal that elasticity is a necessary element. A systematic study of the White-Metzner, finitely extensible non-linear elastic (FENE-P), Giesekus and Rolie-Poly models shows that the onset and size of the elastic lip vortex is governed by a combination of both the degree of shear thinning and the critical shear rate at which the thinning begins. Graphical Abstract (left) Contour plots of velocity magnitude for the FENE-P model showing the decrease in size of the elastic lip vortex as maximum extensibility decreases. (right) Length of the elastic vortex as a function of a modified Carreau number showing a modelindependent effect of the degree and onset of shear thinning.
As an internal curing substance for cementitious materials, superabsorbent polymer (SAP) is emerging as the most potential solution. Nanomaterials and their composites have wide applications in concrete mainly as crack sealants and viscosity modifiers. Silane, as a coupling agent, is utilized in cementitious materials for its effective particle dispersion and adhesion characteristics. X-ray diffraction (XRD), Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), Thermogravimetry (TGA) analysis, and Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) are utilized to characterize the microstructures and phase compositions of nanoalumina, (3-aminopropyl) triethoxysilane (APTES) and polyacrylamide (PAM) SAP. The impacts of silane-functionalized nanoalumina combined polyacrylamide SAP in cementitious materials are carefully investigated in this work. Compared with plain SAP, the application of silane-functionalized SAP was found to exhibit increased compressive strength, flexural strength and split tensile strength of concrete. The chemical durability properties of cement mortar, rheological and mechanical properties of concrete under self-curing and water curing with cement replaced by the prepared composites at 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4 and 0.5% by weight of cement are studied experimentally. Results revealed that silane-functionalized nanoalumina modified SAP has good water holding capacity than those with individual SAPs contributing to the advancement of internal curing materials in concrete buildings. The weight loss measurements reveal that lower weight loss is observed for the concrete containing SAP/APTES/nanoalumina in chloride, acidic and sulphate media. This work contributes to the advancement in material technologies for the prevention of building fractures.
The present work deals with validating the bond strength between Aluminum hub and carbon fiber reinforced polymer (CFRP) propeller blade profile. Araldite 2011 adhesive was used to establish the bond between aluminum hub and CFRP propeller blade profile. A universal testing machine (UTM) was used to evaluate the bond strength of CFRP propeller blade profile—Al hub bonded joint specimens. The Al hub and CFRP propeller blade profile were subjected to axial thrust conditions. The surface interaction values obtained from the experiments were given as input data in Finite Element-model for complex geometry. The von-Mises stress criterion was used to assess the bond strength between Al hub and CFRP blade profile. In addition, bonded joint specimens were also subjected to cyclic aging at intervals of 0, 30, 45, 60, and 90 days respectively. The cyclic aged specimens were mechanically characterized using UTM. The surface of the fractured specimens was analyzed using scanning electron microscopy.
The pressure flows of a thermoplastic elastomer vulcanizate (TPV) melt through the die region of a single-screw extruder were simulated using the finite-element method. The COMSOL software was utilized to develop the finite-element model of the die and solve the working equations. ACross-WLF rheological equation of state was used for the description of the rheological behavior of the polymer melt. The numerical results were compared with their associated experimental data. The novel aspect of the present work is the development of a new augmented Navier’s slip equation to take the effect of wall slip on solution variables into account. The proposed model consists of a power-law equation, which relates the slip coefficient to the shear rate at wall. It is implemented in the COMSOL code through a simple script. The distribution of the velocity, pressure, and temperature as well as the profile of the fluid velocity at exit region and slip velocity along the flow directions were presented and discussed. It has been shown that using the no-slip condition at wall or employing the Navier’s slip equation with a constant slip coefficient leads to notable error in the prediction of mass flow rates and pressure. Graphical abstract 
Nucleotides are fundamental units that make up nucleic acids and can be utilized to create functional materials with specific structures. The Jahn–Teller distortions provide information about the orientation of ligands that are coordinated with copper(II) in coordination materials. Herein, we are going to report two coordination polymers [Cu(AMP)(bpe)(H_2O)_3]·11H_2O (1) and [Cu(AMP)(bpe)(H_2O)_3]·8H_2O constructed by combining bipyridyl ethylene (bpe), adenosine monophosphate (AMP), and copper(II) ions, which were analyzed using single-crystal X-ray diffraction, FTIR, TGA, and chiral dichroism spectroscopy. The coordination polymers were examined to study their structural details related to hairpin-like structure and Jahn–Teller distortions. It was observed that the AMP’s chirality, or the way it twists, is maintained when AMP is combined with copper through noncovalent interactions. Our results indicate that the chirality of AMP with copper can be well preserved and delivered to its supramolecular architecture through noncovalent interactions. This research work sheds light on the self-assembly of purine nucleotide hairpins in coordination polymers and their characterization. To the best of our knowledge, Jahn–Teller distortion and hairpin-like structures in nucleotide coordination polymers have been discussed rarely. Nucleotide coordination polymers can be used for potential applications in the fields such as fluorescent detection, medicine, artificial data storage, and energy devices. Graphical abstract 
Purpose Solid dispersion strategies have recently been used to increase the solubility and bioavailability of poorly soluble drugs. Among these various strategies for solid dispersion, the method using polymers and adsorbents can improve the solubility and bioavailability of poorly soluble drugs and provide excellent powder fluidity. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to prepare and evaluate an amorphous solid dispersion (ASD) composed of LPV, RTV, polymer and adsorbent for oral administration. Methods The ASD powder was manufactured by dispersing LPV and RTV in a polymer solution and adsorbing the dispersion with an adsorbent. The ASD was characterized using physical characterization, differential scanning calorimetry, Fourier transform-infrared, powder X-ray diffractometer, in vitro release, and cytotoxicity tests. And ASD performed pharmacokinetic studies in rats. Results The ASD increased the solubility of raw LPV and RTV by 5.71 times and 4.38 times, respectively. When copovidone was used as the polymer in the ASD, the solubility was maintained for 10 days in the solubility kinetic test, whereas the solubility of LPV decreased from day 2 due to precipitation in an ASD without copovidone. The adsorbent, Florite PS-10, had a flowability suitable for the ASD powder, and the ASD did not increase cell cytotoxicity. In pharmacokinetic study, ASD showed 1186.51% relative bioavailability compared to raw LPV and about 2.1-fold increase than commercial products after oral administration. Conclusion Manufacture of an ASD powder using Florite PS-10 and copovidone as an oral administration formulation of LPV and RTV could be a new effective drug delivery system for human immunodeficiency virus treatment.
The properties of the newly formulated nanocomposite film are enhanced by solution casting varying amounts (0.2%, 0.4%, 0.6%, 0.8%, and 1.0%) of silicon dioxide nano particles into the chitosan/ Moringa oleifera gum biopolymer matrix. SEM, TGA, XRD, and FT-IR were used to investigate the surface morphology, high temperature stability, non-crystalline character, and functional entities of the synthesized nanocomposite films. The film possessing maximum concentration of nano silicon dioxide exhibited absorptions at higher wavelength in the UV–Vis spectra. The nanocomposite film containing 1% nano silicon dioxide showed the highest tensile strength of 46 MPa, elongation property of 29.11%, good inhibition activity against Escherichia coli bacteria and Candida albicans fungus and least water solubility and swelling properties. The prolonged freshness of food was observed in carrot wrapped in the nano composite film containing 1% nano silicon dioxide. Thus the nanocomposite film containing the elevated concentration of nano particles proved to be an active food packaging constituent. Graphical abstract Formation of chitosan/Moringa Oleifera gum/ nano silicon dioxide nanocomposite film for active food packaging
The mechanical properties of palm, coconut, and kenaf fibre-reinforced epoxy composite laminates were evaluated using tensile (ASTM D3039) and flexural (ASTM D790) tests. The laminates were fabricated using different methods such as double vacuum bagging, single vacuum bagging, and wet lay-up. Results indicate that double vacuum bagging produced superior mechanical properties (up to 54.12% higher flexural modulus) compared to single vacuum bagging and wet lay-up methods. SEM images showed complete impregnation of fibres and a good interface between fibre and matrix in the composites produced via the double vacuum bagging method. This process creates a denser sample and allows the resin to penetrate the plies and core, eliminating voids in the laminate structure. Additionally, kenaf fibre-reinforced epoxy composite laminates exhibited higher mechanical properties (up to 104.82% higher tensile strength) compared to palm and coconut fibre-reinforced epoxy composite laminates.
Histamine (HA) plays an important role in many pathological processes including asthma, diarrhea, and anaphylactic shock. Therefore, accurate and rapid detecting HA is of great significance. In this work, we report on a novel turn-on fluorescent aptasensor for HA detection based on a competitive combination process performed by both HA-specific and HA-analogs of aptamers. The analogue of HA was environmental-friendly obtained on the polymer chains of carbonized polymer dots (CPDs) without complex functionalization, in which the histidine was used as the polymer precursors for the first time (His-CPDs). After modification with aptamer, the analogue of HA on the His-CPDs would combine with the aptamer, leading to the agglomeration of His-CPDs and the fluorescence quenching. In the presence of HA, the HA would compete with the analogue of HA to react with the aptamer, leading to the dissociation of the agglomerates and the recovery of fluorescence. Under optimized conditions, the proposed fluorescent aptasensor can sensitively detect HA in 7 min ranging from 50 ng/mL to 40 µg/mL with the limit of detection (LOD) of 30 ng/mL. More importantly, this proposed fluorescent aptasensor can sensitively detect histamine in human serum and real sardine samples without complex pre-processing, showing great potential in the medical diagnosis of histamine intoxication and anaphylactic shock.
Typical chemo-immunotherapy against malignant carcinoma, is characterized by the combined application of chemotherapeutic agents and monoclonal antibodies for immune checkpoint blockade (ICB). Temporary ICB with antibodies would not depress tumor intrinsic PD-L1 expression and potential PD-L1 adaptive upregulation during chemotherapy, thus exerting limited immunotherapy efficacy. Herein, we developed novel polymer-lipid hybrid nanoparticles (2-BP/CPT-PLNs) for inducing PD-L1 degradation by inhibiting palmitoylation with bioactive palmitic acid analog 2-bromopalmitate (2-BP) to replace PD-L1 antibody ( α PD-L1) for ICB therapy, thus achieving highly efficient antitumor immune via immunogenic cell death (ICD) induced by potentiated chemotherapy. GSH-responsive and biodegradable polymer-prodrug CPT-ss-PAEEP_10 assisted as a cationic helper polymer could help to stabilize 2-BP/CPT-PLNs co-assembled with 2-BP, and facilitate the tumor site-specific delivery and intracellular release of water-insoluble camptothecin (CPT) in vivo. 2-BP/CPT-PLNs would reinforce cytotoxic CD8^+ T cell-mediated antitumor immune response via promoting intratumoral lymphocytes cells infiltration and activation. 2-BP/CPT-PLNs significantly prevented melanoma progression and prolonged life survival of mice beyond the conventional combination of irinotecan hydrochloride (CPT-11) and α PD-L1. Our work first provided valuable instructions for developing bioactive lipid analogs-derived nanoparticles via lipid metabolism intervention for oncotherapy. Graphical Abstract 
As a novel adsorbent, an opioid silver-morphine-functionalized polypropylene was synthesized through a one-pot reaction at room temperature and successfully used for the simple one-pot photocatalytic degradation catalyst of methyl orange removal from wastewater. UV spectral analysis reveals a special reference to the excitation of surface plasmon resonance as the main characteristic of the polymer-Ag nanocomposite in toluene solution peak at 420 nm in AgPP-mrp catalyst. The ^1H NMR spectrum showed no sign of Ag NP peaks revealing small size distribution in the channels of morphine-functionalized polypropylene polymer. The morphology of silver nanoparticle-doped polymer through scanning electron microscopy (SEM–EDX) reveals PP-mrp with continuous matrix and Ag NPs (0.87 wt%). Furthermore, photocatalytic degradation of methyl orange was investigated on AgPP-mrp catalyst spectrophotometrically under solar irradiation in waste effluent, demonstrating high degradation efficiency. According to experimental findings, silver nanoparticles (AgPP-mrp) achieved high degradation capacities of 139 mg/g equivalent to 97.4% of photodegradation in a little period of time (35 min), as associated with previously stated materials and follow pseudo-second-order kinetic degradation tail of a high regression coefficient ( R ^2 = 0.992). The suggested techniques offer a linear reaction for MO over the pH range of 1.5 to 5 and a degradation temperature of 25 to 60 °C. Central composite design and response surface methodology statistics recommend pH of the reaction medium and time as important variables for methyl orange degradation on AgPP-mrp photocatalytic. AgPP-mrp on the photocatalytic phenomenon based on heterojunction catalytic design producing electron holes (e-), as well as superoxides for the successful degradation of methyl orange. Graphical Abstract 
In recent years, polymer-based tissue adhesives (TAs) have been developed as an alternative to sutures to close and seal incisions or wounds owing to their ease of use, rapid application time, low cost, and minimal tissue damage. Although significant research is being conducted to develop new TAs with improved performances using different strategies, the applications of TAs are limited by several factors, such as weak adhesion strength and poor mechanical properties. Therefore, the next-generation advanced TAs with biomimetic and multifunctional properties should be developed. Herein, we review the requirements, adhesive performances, characteristics, adhesive mechanisms, applications, commercial products, and advantages and disadvantages of proteins- and synthetic polymer-based TAs. Furthermore, future perspectives in the field of TA-based research have been discussed.
Methods are examined for estimating the Hildebrand solubility parameter of a mixture of organic solvents using the characteristics of their structural elements. A procedure is proposed for calculating the solubility parameter for mixtures of solvents differing in composition and structure depending on the ratio of their components. These results enable us to predict the optimal solvent mixture composition for polymers with a known Hildebrand solubility parameter. The proposed method permits us to estimate the solubility of complex mixtures of hydrocarbons of petroleum origin such as the tar obtained as the vacuum residue of oil distillation when it is used as a polymer solvent. 1H NMR analysis results were used to determine the structural elements of a tar and calculate its Hildebrand solubility parameter.
In this work, a disposable sensor array was designed based on the chemi-resistive behavior of the conducting polymers to detect three volatile organic compounds (VOCs), i.e., acetone, ethanol, and methanol in air and breath. Four disposable resistive sensors were designed by coating polypyrrole and polyaniline (in their doped and de-doped forms) on filter paper substrates and tested against VOCs in air. Change in conductivity of the polymer resulting from exposure to various VOC concentration was measured as percentage resistance change using a standard multimeter. The lowest concentration detected for acetone, ethanol, and methanol vapors was 400 ppb, 150 ppb, and 300 ppb, respectively within 2 min. These VOC-responsive sensors, housed in an indigenous inert chamber, showed good stability, repeatability, and reversibility while sensing, thus making it suitable for environmental pollutant detection at room temperature. Furthermore, the non-specific nature of these easy to fabricate sensors towards all VOCs is considered favorable and upon classifying with principal component analysis (PCA), the gases were qualitatively distinguished in separate clusters. These developed sensors were also tested and analyzed using VOC spiked real breath samples as proof of concept. Graphical Abstract 
Hydrogen is the ideal future fuel, since it is clean, saves energy, and is abundant in nature. Though there are several methods for producing hydrogen, only a few of them are environmentally friendly. To employ water electrolysis to make hydrogen and solve the energy shortage problem, highly active electrocatalysts must be created. Zinc sulphide/polyaniline (ZnS/PANI) nanocomposite was successfully produced using a straightforward two-step coprecipitation and polymerization procedure. Different analyses were used to characterize the fabricated materials. The findings show that the ZnS/PANI nanocomposite's morphology has a consistent porous shape, and the electrical structure of the active sites determines how well catalysts can make contact with the intermediates. Multiple attempts have been made to create the most affordable, functional electrocatalyst for oxygen evolution reactions (OER). However, clean energy production from such materials is sluggish. In comparison to pure PANI nanofibers (143.14 m^2 g^−1 and 0.4827 nm) and ZnS nanostructures (249.85 m^2 g^−1 and 0.4224 nm), the composite ZnS/PANI displays a greater Brunauer–Emmett–Teller (BET) surface area around 372.65 m^2 g^−1 along with nanoporous size of 0.393 nm due to the interaction, which provides distinctive features in contrast to ZnS and PANI. Synergistically, composite ZnS/PANI indicates lower overpotentials of 132 mV for oxygen evolution performance at 10 mA cm^−2. An improved OER activity is observed by composite ZnS/PANIs as high current density, lower overpotential and reduced Tafel value of 53 mV dec^−1. This catalyst also exhibited a significant double-layer capacitance and a large electrochemically active surface area. ZnS/PANI is a magnificent electrocatalyst for oxygen evolution.
In this study, electrically conductive composites of ethylenedioxythiophene-based terpolymer (PETCH), polyvinylidene difluoride (PVDF) and graphene nanosheets (GNS) have been prepared by compression molding and characterized. A new conjugated PETCH polymer was synthesized and its chemical structure has been confirmed by Fourier transform infrared and 1H-NMR spectroscopy. The varying weight percentages of (1, 3 and 5%) GNS and 10 wt% PETCH dispersed PVDF nanocomposites were prepared and characterized using X-ray diffraction, thermogravimetric analysis, scanning electron microscopy and energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX) analysis. The thermal studies indicated that the decomposition occurred at a temperature around 220°C, and 480°C corresponds to the PETCH and PVDF/PETCH/GNS (1, 3 and 5%), respectively. The EDX spectrum of neat PETCH polymer and their composites of PVDF/PETCH/GNS (1, 3 and 5%) result clearly shows the presence of all elements such as, C, O, S, F and Cl with an atomic weight percentage. The PVDF/PETCH/5% GNS has a dielectric constant value of 3.9 at 1 MHz and the conductivity of this polymer composites value is found to be 5.8 × 10^–6 S cm^–1 at 1 MHz, respectively. Results obtained from the dielectric studies indicated that the GNS and terpolymer-dispersed PVDF composites exhibit good interfacial adhesion as evidenced from conductive behaviours.
The recent advancement towards THz system design and development, THz spectroscopy and non-destructive testing (NDT) fascinates researchers’ attention in the development of absorbing coating and composites to counter stealth technologies and shielding from THz radiation. Conductive fillers based THz absorber composites have emerged as a solution as their properties can be tuned with the change in the filler loading. In this study, several multilayer composites are prepared by wet lay-up process using conducting fillers-chopped carbon fibre (CCF), milled carbon fibre and carbon veil (CV) in epoxy matrix with glass fibre as reinforcement. These composite samples were evaluated for absorption in 0.1–2.5 THz frequency domain to explore their use for THz absorber applications. The results show that the absorption performance of fabricated composite structures is significantly affected by the type of filler, percentage loading of filler and frequency range. The polymer composite with CV filler exhibits maximum 99% absorption (10–20 dB reflection loss) in the frequency range of 0.5–2.25 THz. Considering the high mechanical strength and broadband absorption of THz radiations, these composites may provide a better substitute for fragile wideband THz absorptive coatings as well as metamaterials based narrowband THz absorbers.
There has been an inclination towards using sustainable and environmentally friendly soil stabilizers to reduce the carbon footprint resulting from the production process of ordinary Portland cement. Polymers soil stabilizers have proven to be effective towards improving the strength of marginal soil. Despite this significant improvement, certain polymers are susceptible to the action of wetting, which results in a loss in strength. Thus, this study aims to investigate the mechanical properties and the durability of polymer-modified dune sand. Poly(vinylidene fluoride) (PVDF) polymer was used as the soil stabilizer in varying concentrations of 3, 6, 9, and 12%. The efficacy of the polymer was evaluated by conducting unconfined compressive strength (UCS) and direct shear tests. The durability test was divided into two categories: constant soaking and cyclic wetting–drying. Changes in the morphology of the sand as a result of polymer inclusion were investigated by scanning electron microscopy (SEM). The result showed that the UCS, shear strength and cohesion increased with polymer concentrations, while the frictional angle did not change significantly. The polymer-modified sand specimens lost about 60–75% of their strength after being submerged in water for 7–21 days. However, there was no reduction in strength for specimens subjected to 3 and 7 wetting–drying cycles. The action of drying following each wetting cycle reactivated the bond properties of the PVDF polymer. SEM confirmed the presence of the polymer links between the sand grains after constantly soaking. The loss of strength, in this case, can be linked to the presence of water molecules within the structure of the polymer-sand matrix. In conclusion, the PVDF polymer exhibits potential as an effective stabilizer against water susceptibility and elevated temperature.
The deformation behavior ( i.e. , yield strength) of engineering polymers is known to be strongly dependent on the strain rate. Among these polymers, polycarbonate (PC) exhibits excellent impact fracture resistance, but the deformation mechanism of molecular chains needs to be elucidated. The molecular deformation mechanisms occurring during atomic force microscopy (AFM), nanoindentation experiments, and the laser-induced particle impact test (LIPIT) are investigated using a coarse-grained molecular dynamics (CG-MD) simulation. In these methods, elastoplastic deformation is locally induced on the sample surface and the AFM experiment is conducted at a relatively lower loading rate (as the quasi-static test), while LIPIT is conducted at a higher loading rate (as the impact test). To investigate the deformation mechanism during these experiments, variations in the potential energy associated with molecular deformation are evaluated by CG-MD simulations. For the AFM experiment, the bending mode of the molecular chain plays a critical role in the onset of yielding. Our CG-MD computation accurately reproduces the experimental indentation force–displacement curves. Next, LIPIT with high-speed particle collisions is conducted, leading to local elastoplastic deformation at a high strain rate. The yield strength of LIPIT becomes significantly greater (10 times larger) than that of the quasi-static test. From the CG-MD simulation, the molecular deformation mechanism during LIPIT revealed that the bond stretching and bending angle of the molecular chain are critical for yield strength under local loading (indentation and particle impact). In other words, yield strength at a high loading rate increases significantly as a result of the local deformation acting on the bond stretching of the molecular chain.
This article addresses the construction of a dopamine electrochemical sensor based on a molecularly imprinted polymer on carbon electrodes, for instance, glassy carbon and highly oriented pyrolytic graphite electrodes with the orientation of edge and basal plane by the formation of thiophene acetic acid-dopamine thin film using electropolymerization. The electrochemical deposition of Pt nanoparticles was then carried out at the modified electrode surface, followed by the extraction of dopamine as a template molecule from the generated layer was performed via elution brought on by chemicals. The variables that affect the performance of the imprinted polymer-based sensor, such as monomer-template ratio, immersion time, and the number of electropolymerization cycles, were examined and optimized. To confirm the changes in the oxidation peak current of DA and to investigate the electrochemical behavior of the MIP sensor, cyclic voltammetry, chronoamperometry, and differential pulse voltammetry (DPV) tests were performed. The differential pulse voltammetry studies revealed that, under ideal circumstances, the limit of detection values of the proposed MIP sensor decorated with Pt nanoparticles was found to be 14.40 nmol L^−1, 42.50 nmol L^−1, and 0.671 μmol L^−1 for glassy carbon, edge, and basal plane electrodes, respectively. In the presence of interferents with comparable structural chemicals, such as ascorbic acid, uric acid, glucose, o-phenylenediamine, and glycine, the proposed sensor exhibits noticeable selectivity. Dopamine analysis in a human fluid such as blood serum was conducted with success using the devised sensor, which was shown to possess impressive stability and reproducibility. Graphical Abstract 
The aim of this study was to measure the characteristics and risk assessment of microplastics (MPs) in Cape Town Harbour (CTH) and the Two Oceans Aquarium (TOA) in Cape Town, South Africa from 2018 to 2020. Water and mussel MP samples were analyzed at 3 sites in CTH and TOA, respectively. Microplastics were mainly filamentous, black/grey and 1000–2000 μm in size. A total of 1778 MPs, averaging 7.50 (± 0.6 standard error of the mean, SEM) MPs/unit were recorded. Average MP concentrations were 10.3 ± 1.1 MPs/L in water and 6.27 ± 0.59 MPs/individual or, based on weight, 3.05 ± 1.09 MPs/g soft tissue wet weight in mussels. Average MPs in seawater in CTH (12.08 ± 1.3 SEM MPs/L) was significantly higher (4.61 ± 1.1 MPs/L) than inside the TOA (U = 536, p = 0.04). Various risk assessment calculations indicate that MPs in seawater poses a greater ecological risk than MPs in mussels at the sites sampled.
In this article, we report on blue-green exciplex emission through pyridine solvent vapor annealing blue-light polymer PFSO10, which is comprised the strong electron-withdrawing dibenzo-thiophene- S , S -dioxide with the molar ratio of 10%. The photoluminescent spectrum of PFSO10 film emerged a fresh low-energy emission peaked at 482 nm after pyridine solvent vapor annealing, which was stemmed from the exciplex charge-transfer state between the PFSO10 and pyridine. It is worth noting that the exciplex emission peaked at 482 nm from the pyridine solvent vapor annealing film was disappeared after thermal annealed at 120 °C and its photoluminescent spectrum was similar to that of the pristine PFSO10 film. This similar phenomenon of photoluminescent spectrum was also occurred to the electroluminescent spectra of the PFSO10 films. Furthermore, the device performance of PFSO10 was achieved significant improvement after pyridine solvent vapor annealing. With optimizing the pyridine vapor annealing process, the device based on PFSO10 as emissive layer received a maximum luminous efficiency of 6.74 cd A^−1 with the peak brightness of 22,364 cd m^−2, which was enlarged over 140% compared to that of 2.77 cd A^−1 for the pristine PFSO10. These results demonstrate that appropriate solvent vapor annealing can be a simple and effective strategy to realize the reversible switching emission and improve the device performance. Graphical Abstract 
Studies of new materials that are accessible and that minimize environmental effects are fundamental. In this sense, polymers emerge as an accessible alternative capable of contributing to the development of society. However, analyzing their distinct properties when together is a challenging task that requires expertise. In addition, the large number of variables that interfere in the model and the lack of precision during the analysis of the initial characteristics of the material is a factor that contributes to the poor performance of the predicted mechanical properties. Therefore, the study describes the application of Computer Vision (CV) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques to evaluate the properties of a polymer reinforced with sisal fibers composed with a chitosan matrix. The work describes the use of K-Means, Mask-RCNN and U-Net techniques for characterizing materials. Consequently, it will be possible to estimate the modulus of elasticity, the critical length of the fiber and the load supported by the phase using only one image of the polymer. The initial stages of the project are conducted to adjust the models for phase characterization.
The effect of polydopamine (PDA) modification on aminated Fe_3O_4 nanoparticles (Fe_3O_4-NH_2)/graphite oxide (GO)/β-cyclodextrin polymer cross-linked by citric acid (CDP-CA) composites were studied for the removal of a cationic dye (methylene blue, MB) and an anionic dye (Congo red, CR) from waters. The micro-structural and magnetic characterizations confirmed the successful preparation of Fe_3O_4-NH_2/GO/CDP-CA and PDA/Fe_3O_4-NH_2/GO/CDP-CA composites. The maximum MB and CR adsorption capacities of Fe_3O_4-NH_2/GO/CDP-CA were 75 mg/g and 104 mg/g, respectively, while the corresponding amounts for PDA/Fe_3O4-NH_2/GO/CDP-CA composite were 195 mg/g and 64 mg/g, respectively. The dye sorption behaviors of these two composites were explained by their corresponding surface-charged properties according to the measured zeta potential results. Moreover, the high saturation magnetizations and the stable dye removal rate in the adsorption–desorption cycles indicated the good recyclability and reusability of the fabricated composites. Graphical abstract 
This study proposed to evaluate the mechanical and microstructural properties of polymeric attachments manufactured by 3D printing used to retain overdentures. Three polymeric materials were used: acrylonitrile–butadiene–styrene, polyacetal, and polylactic acid. The software Rhinoceros 3D was used to create digital data and the 3D printer Flashforge Creator Pro was used to print the specimens and attachments. To evaluate the fatigue simulation, attachments ( n  = 10) were inserted and removed from mini-implants Ø 2.0 mm × 10 mm, with a ball-type accessory (MDL; Intra-Lock System, São Paulo, SP) for 2900 insertion/removal cycles. The deformation of the attachments was evaluated by stereomicroscope. Compression, hardness, and roughness properties were analyzed ( n  = 10) before and after thermocycling. The SEM was performed with a magnification of 250 × and 2000 ×  ( n  = 3). Data were collected by two-factor ANOVA with Bonferroni adjustment and Wilcoxon and Kruskal–Wallis nonparametric analysis. Rfter thermocycling, all polymers showed an increase in compressive values ( P  < 0.05) and surface roughness, except for polylactic acid. For hardness, it was observed lowest values for all polymers after thermocycling ( P  < 0.05). Polylactic acid and polyacetal showed greater retention values compared to acrylonitrile–butadiene–styrene ( P  < 0.05). Significant differences were observed in relation to the inner diameter before and after the test ( P  < 0.05). For surface morphology, small changes were observed after thermocycling. The polymers presented high values for surface roughness and excellent values for compression and hardness properties; acrylonitrile–butadiene–styrene didn’t show adequate retention to indicate its use as an overdenture attachment; polyacetal and polylactic acid can be indicated to use as an attachment to retain overdentures and there is greater retention than the control group after 24 months of simulation.
Radiation shielding materials based on composites play a crucial role in safeguarding nuclear-related installations, equipment, and employees from harmful radiation. With the advent of new and challenging nuclear security conditions, the development of radiation-protective materials has undergone significant changes. Thanks to the advancements in science and technology, especially in the field of nanomaterials technology, it is now possible to produce radiation protection materials that offer high all-around performance. This article discusses the current research on composite-based radiation shielding materials. It first describes the current state and distribution of radiation shielding studies worldwide. Then, it categorizes and reviews composite-based radiation protection materials, taking into account the study topic and the field’s requirements. The three broad categories of composite-based radiation protection materials are polymer-based composites, metal-based composites, and fabric-based composites. Space radiation shielding materials are categorized separately (as a point of reference). The mechanical, thermal, and shielding properties of radiation protection materials are briefly discussed here. In addition, the primary research challenges are outlined along with the research methodologies that academics employ to examine properties and property change trends. Finally, a summary of the properties of the radiation protection materials discussed in the complete paper is provided, followed by an analysis of the current research gaps and potential future paths.
The recovery of enriched Zn-68 is extremely important in the production of short-lived isotope (Ga-67) in the Cyclotron because of its high price. A high amount of Zn-68 is produced during the production of Ga-67 from its target (Zn-target) by a solvent extraction technique. In this investigation, we successfully prepared poly(vinyl alcohol-t-acrylamide), P(VA-t-AM) resin using the gamma radiolysis technique. The characterization of pristine PVA and synthesized P(VA-t-AM) was performed to confirm their structures. The produced polymer was tested for the elimination of Zn^2+ ions from simulated liquid waste as produced during the production of the Ga-67. To get the highest uptake of Zn^2+ ions on the polymer, various parameters such as solution pH, polymer weight, and contact time were applied. The loading Zn^2+ ions were studied at optimum conditions of the Batch approach. Then, the retrieval of Zn^2+ ions from the packed chromatographic column was tested using different parameters such as flow rates, bed depths, and initial concentration of Zn^2+. The results indicated that the percentages of loaded Zn^2+ ions on the packed column were 96.94% at the best operational conditions. Moreover, different eluents were applied to the retrieval of Zn^2+ ions from the P(VA-t-AM) column, and the data confirmed that the retrieval percentage of Zn^2+ ions from P(VA-t-AM) was 98.43% at the optimum. The reusability of the working polymer was examined for eight cycles. This paper recommended that the synthesized P(VA-t-AM) can be utilized for the retrieval of Zn^2+ ions from the spent Zn-68 target in the Cyclotron.
With the continuous development of the concept of green chemistry, more attention is being paid to the selective capture of copper (II) from wastewater and its recovery and reuse. Ion imprinting technology is widely used to remove heavy metals from aqueous solutions due to its high selectivity. In this work, Cu(II) imprinted polymer (Cu(II)-IIP) was prepared by stepwise polymerization using Cu(II) ions as the template ions, PEG-600 as a pore-forming agent, epoxy resin as the carrier, and polyethylene polyamine as curing agent and complexing agent. The influences of solution pH, reaction temperature, reaction time and initial solubility of metal ions on its adsorption ability were systematically examined. The studies showed that the maximum adsorption quantity was 91.58 mg/g when pH=5 and T=318 K. The adsorption for Cu(II) of the Cu(II)-IIP was considered to be the monolayer chemisorption and spontaneous endothermic process. In the presence of multiple coexisting ions, Cu(II)-IIP had high selectivity for Cu(II). After five adsorption-desorption cycles, high removal rate could still be obtained, which means that the material provides a feasible method for treating wastewater containing Cu(II) ions.
This work describes the preparation of new eco-friendly adsorbents with a simple method. At first, Montmorillonite (MMT) was modified with surfactant HTAB (MMT@HTAB) and then with polymer PEG (MMT@HTAB@PEG). The as-synthesized materials were characterized by several characterization techniques, including XRD, FTIR, SEM, TEM, TGA, N_2 adsorption/desorption isotherm analysis by the BET method and zeta potential measurement then evaluated as adsorbents for removal of both methylene blue (MB) as a cationic dye and trypan blue (TB) as the anionic dye from aqueous solution under different contact time, dye concentration, temperature, and pH. The obtained results confirm the intercalation of surfactant within the clay layers, while the obtained nanocomposite showed different morphologies and structures in which the exfoliated and intercalated forms were obtained. The maximum adsorption capacity of TB and MB was found to be 190.81 and 237.22 mg/g, respectively, with MMT@HTAB@PEG adsorbent in an initial concentration of 100 mg/L at alkaline pH in 35 min and a temperature of 25 °C. The adsorption kinetics of TB and MB on MMT@HTAB@PEG was best fitted by the pseudo-second order model, and the isotherms results reveals better consistency of the Langmuir model, indicating that the adsorption is favorable and in the form of multilayers. The thermodynamic study showed that the adsorption processes of TB and MB by the both MMT@HTAB and MMT@HTAB@PEG adsorbents occur in an autonomous way and the temperature has not a significant effect on the adsorption capacity of TB and MB dyes. In addition, MMT@HTAB showed good antibacterial activity against both Escherichia coli (ATCC 8739) and Micrococcus luteus (ATCC 9341) bacteria compared to MMT@HTAB@PEG. The broadcast area was found to be 6 and 5 mm in Escherichia coli (ATCC 8739) and Micrococcus luteus (ATCC 9341), respectively.
Polymer electrolytes have caught the attention of next-generation lithium (Li)-based batteries because of their exceptional energy density and safety. Modern society requires efficient and dependable energy storage technologies. Although lithium-based with good performance are utilized in many portable gadgets and electric vehicles (EVs), their potential for utilization is constrained by frequent fires and explosions. We discuss the fundamental properties and description of various polymer electrolytes, such as solid polymer electrolytes (SPEs), gel polymer electrolytes (GPEs), and composite polymer electrolytes, in this article (CPEs). We also describe significant advances in non-aqueous Li-based rechargeable batteries. The obstacles and possibilities for developing innovative polymer electrolytes for high-performance Li-based batteries are discussed.
Context CL-20/DNDAP cocrystal is a promising new type of explosive with exceptional energy density and detonation parameters. However, compared to TATB, FOX-7 and other insensitive explosives, it still has higher sensitivity. In order to decrease the sensitivity of CL20/DNDAP cocrystal explosive, in this article, a CL20/DNDAP cocrystal model was established, and six different types of polymers, including butadiene rubber (BR), ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer (EVA), polyethylene glycol (PEG), hydroxyl-terminated polybutadiene (HTPB), fluoropolymer (F_2603), and polyvinylidene difluoride (PVDF), were added to the three cleaved surfaces of (1 0 0), (0 1 0) and (0 0 1) to obtain polymer-bonded explosives (PBXs). Predict the effects of different polymers on the stability, trigger bond length, mechanical properties, and detonation performance of PBXs. Among the six PBX models, CL-20/DNDAP/PEG model exhibited the highest binding energy and the lowest trigger bond length, indicating that CL-20/DNDAP/PEG model had the best stability, compatibility, and the least sensitivity. Furthermore, although the CL-20/DNDAP/F_2603 model demonstrated superior detonation capabilities, it should be noted that this model displayed low levels of compatibility. Overall, CL-20/DNDAP/PEG model exhibited the superior comprehensive properties, thereby demonstrating that PEG is a more suitable binder option for PBXs based on the CL20/DNDAP cocrystal. Methods The properties of CL-20/DNDAP cocrystal-based PBXs were predicted by molecular dynamics (MD) method under Materials Studio software. The MD simulation time step was set at 1fs and the total MD simulation time was 2ns. The Isothermal-isobaric (NPT) ensemble was used for the 2ns of MD simulation. The COMPASS force field was used, and the temperature was set at 295K.
Synthesis and identification of some thermo-responsive hydrogel metal absorbents based on Schiff base modified PNIPAM is described. PNIPAM hydrogel is produced through conventional free-radical polymerization method. The hydrogel is amino modified with different amines and then treated with various aldehydes to make polymeric Schiff-bases supposing to utilize as an absorbent for Cu salt. Characterization of the as-prepared hydrogels was performed properly and confirmed the corresponding structures. Kinetic and equilibrium function of the absorbents and the effect of distinct variables like pH, adsorbent amount and contact time in the absorption process are investigated in detail. Kinetic and adsorption isotherm data agreed with pseudo-second order model and Langmuir isotherm, respectively. The maximum value of adsorption capacity of the prepared adsorbent was around 8550 mg g^−1. In addition, the corresponding switchable catalytic activity using one of the thermo-responsive hydrogel metal absorbents in the reduction of 4-nitro phenol to 4-amino phenol in the role of model reaction is examined.
Nanocomposites comprising (V_2O_5)_ x . (Mn_0.4Fe_2.6O_4)_(2− x ), where x  = [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, and 1], were successfully synthesized by milling each single phase of V_2O_5 and Mn_0.4Fe_2.6O_4 nanostructured samples. We studied the structure and morphology of the prepared samples through X-ray diffraction and scanning electron microscopy. UV–Vis. spectrum analysis was used to study the optical characteristics. As an attempt to improve the optical and nonlinear optical properties of the PVDF blend, the prepared nanocomposites were used as nanofillers for the poly (vinylidene fluoride) (PVDF) polymer. Optical and nonlinear optical properties of the PVDF polymer were tuned using (V_2O_5)_ x . (Mn_0.4Fe_2.6O_4)_(2− x ), where x  = [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, and 1] nanocomposite. The obtained results showed a tunable spectrum, absorption, refractive index, and dielectric constant at wavelengths ranging from 200 to 800 nm. However, the results showed that the (V_2O_5)_0.6. (Mn_0.4Fe_2.6O_4)_1.4, sample was the best for obtaining the lowest transmittance percentage and bandgap energy. The nonlinear optical properties and Kerr effect (quadratic electro-optic effect) showed a significant response, which can be tuned in the range from 200 to 1200 nm of wavelength using the investigated samples. Finally, incorporating (V_2O_5)_ x . (Mn_0.4Fe_2.6O_4)_(2− x ), where x  = [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, and 1], nanoparticles in the PVDF polymer improved the hydrophilic behavior of the PVDF films. This study suggests a promising nanocomposite material for tunable optoelectronics and useful polymer membranes.
Periprosthetic joint infection (PJI) is a catastrophic complication after total hip arthroplasty. A new drug-loaded carbon fiber-reinforced polymer (CFRP) prosthesis with a sustained drug-release mechanism is being developed for one-stage surgery. We aimed to examine the diffusion dynamics of vancomycin from vancomycin paste-loaded CFRP implants. The differences in the in vitro diffusion dynamics of vancomycin paste were investigated using the elution test by varying parameters. These included the mixing ratio of vancomycin and distilled water (1:0.8, 1:1.2, and 1:1.4) for vancomycin paste, and hole diameter (1 mm and 2 mm) on the container. The in vivo diffusion dynamics were investigated using a rabbit model with vancomycin-loaded CFRP implants placed subcutaneously. The in vitro experiments showed that the diffusion effect of vancomycin was highest in the parameters of vancomycin paste with distilled water mixed in a ratio of 1:1.4, and with a 2 mm hole diameter. The in vivo experiments revealed diffusion dynamics similar to those observed in the in vitro study. The drug diffusion effect tended to be high for vancomycin paste with a large water ratio, and a large diameter of holes. These results indicate that the drug diffusion dynamics from a CFRP implant with holes can be adjusted by varying the water ratio of the vancomycin paste, and the hole size on the CFRP implant.
Polyaniline-graphite (PANI-Graphite) composite deposited on cellulose paper substrate has been studied for the development of a glucose biosensor kit. Thin graphite layers were deposited by pencil graphite on one side of the commercially available cellulose paper substrate, and upon that the layer of PANI was deposited through a physical vapor deposition technique. The physical characterizations of the prepared samples were carried out using X-ray diffraction analysis, ultraviolet (UV)-visible absorption spectroscopy, scanning electron microscopy, and electrical transport measurements. The sensing responses of glucose with different concentrations were studied by observing the resistive changes due to glucose interaction. The analysis of sensor studies shows a nearly linear response with a sensitivity of 18.78 μA(mg/dL)^−1 cm^−2 for the variation of glucose concentration. The limit of detection has been obtained as 1.6 mg/dL. The results indicate that PANI-Graphite on cellulose would be a potential candidate for using it as an active material for glucose concentration detection and it would find a profound interest because of its very lightweight, low cost, the flexibility of a paper-based kit, and is a biodegradable one. Graphical Abstract 
The development of innovative reinforcement and the expansion of their potential applications will be aided by research on unique natural fibers in polymer-based composites. In this work, new cellulosic fibers were mechanically separated from the stem of Ficus benjamina L. and reinforced in polyester matrix. The effect of varying fiber parameters (weight percentage and length) on the tensile, flexural, hardness, impact, water absorption, and thermal characteristics was investigated in this study. It was revealed that the composite sample with a length of 40 mm and a weight percentage of 30 wt% had the maximum mechanical properties. The impact, tensile, hardness, and flexural strength of composite found to be 9.31 kJ/m^2, 77.71 MPa, 88 HRRW, and 87.4 MPa respectively, which are comparative to many natural fibers investigated. However, increased fiber content will increase the composite water absorption which leads to failure of the composite system. As compared to the pure polyester resin, the heat stability temperatures of composites raised by 62.49%. The surface characteristics and fractured surface of the composites were examined using scanning electron microscopy and the fibers had better interfacial bonding with the polyester matrix with reduced failure mechanisms.
The use of bio-based materials in the production of shape memory polymer composite materials (SMPCs) has attracted intense interest from researchers in recent years. In this study, bio-based SMPCs production was aimed with utilizing shape memory polymer containing alkaline lignin was used as matrix phase and hemp/cotton fiber was used as reinforcement element. In order to shed light on their potential for usage as an alternative to synthetic SMPCs, the properties of hemp/fiber reinforced versus glass fiber reinforced SMPCs’ comparison was made. The analysis results revealed that among all the samples produced, the alkaline pretreated hemp/cotton fiber reinforced SMPCs that produced at 100 °C (Sample 4) has the closest thermomechanical, morphological and shape memory properties to the glass fiber reinforced SMPCs that produced at 100 °C (control sample). The results from DSC and DMA analysis demonstrated that the hemp cotton fiber reinforced SMPCs (Sample 4) have a Tg temperature of 99 °C and a storage modulus of 2375 MPa, while the control sample has a Tg temperature of 108 °C and a storage modulus of 7360 MPa. TGA analysis showed that glass fiber reinforced SMPCs had the highest thermal strength among all samples, with a maximum thermal decomposition temperature of 380 °C and the highest coal residue (52%). The key findings from the shape recovery test results are that all samples have a shape stability rate of 97–99%. The control sample has a shape recovery ratio of 98.07% and a shape recovery rate of 0.0227, while Sample 4 showed that the shape recovery ratio of 93.14% and the shape recovery rate of 0.0106 that have the closest properties to the control sample. When all the results were examined, it was concluded that SMPCs produced using alkaline pre-treated hemp/cotton fiber and 1-layer carbon fiber reinforcement have promising properties to have a place in the remotely controllable smart materials that can be activated by temperature.
Hydrogels as three-dimensional crosslinked polymer networks are widely used in biomedical applications such as tissue engineering scaffolds, wound dressing, contact lenses, drug delivery systems, and cell or enzyme immobilization. Hydrogels are used as efficient matrixes for immobilization of various enzymes and improve their stability over a wide range of operational conditions that make them suitable for several industrial applications. The performance of hydrogels in enzyme immobilization depends on some parameters of the network structure involving the molecular weight of the polymer chain, the polymer volume fraction in the swollen state, and the corresponding mesh size. This review summarizes the recent developments of the synthetic approaches for the preparation of the natural and synthetic hydrogel composites applied for the immobilization of various enzymes. Moreover, the opportunities and challenges associated with hydrogel-based enzyme carriers are discussed and the future perspectives are drawn for applying natural and synthetic hydrogel composites in enzyme immobilization.
Abstract The paper presents the results of testing the properties of antibacterial nonwoven fibrous materials based on polylactic acid with incorporated chloramphenicol. It has been shown that exposure to a pulsed electron beam increased the rate of release of chloramphenicol into a phosphate-buffered saline medium. In this case, the amount of the substance released from treated samples was reliably greater than that with untreated samples during the five days of the experiment.
In this study, an inorganic–organic composite system was developed through biomineralization of calcium carbonate in the quince-seed mucilage-based hydrogel. Drug-polymer interactions were studied by FTIR, DSC, XRD and SEM analysis. The water absorption capacity was calculated by swelling index. Drug release was determined at various pH. Several in vitro kinetic models were applied to observe drug release behaviour. Studies of drug-polymer interactions and particle flow characteristics of the developed composite material have shown that there is good compatibility between drug and the excipients. The XRD and SEM results confirmed calcite polymorphs in the developed composite material. Thermograms showed that the developed composite material was heat stable. A restricted drug release was observed in an acidic medium (pH 1.2). A controlled drug release was depicted from the developed system at pH 6.8. The drug release mechanism of Super Case II was suggested. The developed system was considered to be an effective drug carrier for colon targeted oral delivery of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) to avoid gastric irritation and risk of ulceration. Graphical abstract An illustration of extraction of quince hydrogel and development of calcium carbonate-quince (CaCO_3-Q) composite system; QSM = Quince seed mucilage
Seismic isolation techniques are hardly implementable on existing historic structures, if their integrity is a matter of concern (Viggiani in 19th International conference on soil mechanics and geotechnical engineering, Seoul Korea, 2017; Flora in Third international symposium on geotechnical engineering for the preservation of monuments and historic sites, Naples, Italy, 2022). Recent results have shown that if a continuous barrier having a low dynamic impedance is created in the soil beneath the structure, both the absolute acceleration and relative displacement demands are significantly reduced without any direct intervention on the structure itself. Super Absorbent Polymers (SAP), mixed with the in-situ soil, are excellent candidates to the creation of these soft barriers. The first part of the paper reports a complete dynamic laboratory characterization of SAP-sand mixtures with different percentages of polymer in the soil. The results clearly show that small percentages of SAP have a minor effect on the reduction of the shear stiffness value, while when the percentage is higher than 40% a sharp drop is observed. It is also shown that SAP largely increases the damping ratio of the treated layer, being this an extremely beneficial effect for its seismically isolating application. In the second part of the paper, one and two-dimensional seismic response analyses were carried out to explore the beneficial effects of SAP-soil filtering barriers as parts of a Geotechnical Seismic Isolation (GSI) system. The paper also proposes a simplified analytical approach to design geotechnical seismic isolation using Super Absorbent Polymers.
In this study, zwitterionic poly(ionic liquid)-based polymer electrolytes with a network structure are prepared by ultraviolet-irradiation radical polymerization of poly(ethylene glycol) methyl ether acrylate (PEGMEA) and zwitterionic liquids, and poly(ethylene glycol) diacrylate is used as cross-linker. The cross-linked structure endows the electrolytes with high thermal stability and excellent dimensional stability. The abundant ether-oxygen group of PEGMEA provides sufficient sites for the transport of Li^+ and a high ionic conductivity of 0.20 × 10^−3 S cm^−1. The electrolyte shows a high lithium-ion transference number of 0.78, owing to the excellent dissociation ability of zwitterionic liquids towards lithium salts. The lithium symmetric battery can maintain a voltage polarization of 150 mV at 0.1 mA cm^−2 over 600 h. The Li/LiFePO_4 battery shows a discharge capacity of 122 mAh g^−1, a capacity retention of 90.0% after 100 cycles, and an average Coulombic efficiency exceeding 99% at 0.1 C, demonstrating strong application potential in lithium-ion batteries.
Exopolysaccharides (EPSs) are polysaccharides produced by microbes in the form of slime or as a capsular material. Their chemical composition and structure lend themselves to fine-tuned properties and the possibility of metabolic engineering and applications in various industries. Among the archaebacteria, halophiles are a group of bacteria that are well known to produce EPS for forming biofilm so that they can withstand adverse conditions like salinity and osmotic pressure. In this work, seven bacterial strains were isolated from the Ennore Salt pan, and the highest EPS-producing strain SSVRVG7 ( Paenibacillus alvei)  identified by 16s rRNA sequencing showed highest antibacterial activity. The physicochemical parameters that have an effect on EPS production for the isolate SSVRVG7—carbon source (fructose), cheaper carbon source (glucose), nitrogen source (peptone), NaCl concentration (15%), and pH (8)—were optimized to enhance the EPS production and the EPS produced was characterized using ultra violet-visible spectroscopy, Fourier transfer infrared spectroscopy, thin layer chromatography, scanning electron microscopy (SEM), and proton nuclear magnetic resonance. The antibacterial activity of the strain showed the highest activity against  S. faecalis . The characterized EPS was then applied for nanofiber synthesis by electrospinning at different polymer concentrations. The produced electrospun fibers were characterized morphologically by SEM.
In this work, two catalysts based on polyethylene glycol (PEG) containing sulfonic acid group and the −COOH group of citric acid (CA) were synthesized. Characterization of the −SO_3H functionalized PEG and citric acid functionalized PEG has been carried out using FT–IR. The acidity of PEG–SO_3H and PEG–CA has been explored to investigate their catalytic efficiency towards eco-friendly production of methyl salicylate via esterification of salicylic acid using methanol as a reactant as well as solvent. Methanol to acid molar ratios of 4:1, 6:1, 8:1, and 10:1 was applied. The sulfonated PEG is found to be a very active solid acid catalyst giving high yields (82%) under the optimized reaction conditions (10:1 M ratio of methanol to acid; reaction temperature, 65 °C; reaction time, 150 min with catalyst loading of 1.5%. In comparison with the catalytic activity of H_2SO_4, PEG–SO_3H, and PEG-CA; the PEG–SO_3H surpassed the catalytic activity of both H_2SO_4 and PEG–CA. The IEC of PEG–SO_3H was 4 meq/g. And the maximum water uptake of PEG-SO_3H was 8.25%.
Molecularly imprinted polymers (MIPs) were synthesized by sol–gel method using fenitrothion, (3-aminopropyl) triethoxysilane, and tetraethyl orthosilicate as template molecule, functional monomer, and cross-linker, respectively. The working electrode of the electrochemical sensor was prepared by fixing MIP on the surface of a silver nanoparticle modified-glassy carbon electrode with Nafion solution. The electrochemical properties of the working electrode were characterized by electrochemical impedance spectra, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, and cyclic voltammetry. The results showed that the MIP was successfully loaded onto a glassy carbon electrode, and the MIP electrode exhibited typical electrochemical differences compared with the non-molecularly imprinted polymers electrode. The electrochemical sensor based on the prepared MIP electrode shows a good analytical performance of fenitrothion. Influence factors on the preparation of the electrode (amount of MIP loaded, elution time) and analysis of fenitrothion (incubation time) were investigated. Under the optimized conditions, the differential pulse voltammetric peak current intensity showed good linearity with the concentration of fenitrothion in the range of 3.45 × 10^–11 M–3.45 × 10^–7 M with a low limit of detection (0.005 nM). The method was applied to the determination of fenitrothion in real samples with spiked recoveries of 97.4–102%. Graphical abstract 
Two potential hazardous substance problems are urgent to be solved. (1) Urea–formaldehyde resin waste that may produce various toxic compounds during conventional treatment; (2) Toxic heavy metal ions released in water that pose a severe threat to human health and ecosystems. Herein, innovative conversion of urea–formaldehyde resin waste into an effective adsorbent for hazardous heavy metal ions was achieved by a simple degradation–repolymerization method, toward a circular materials economy approach. The detailed effects of temperature and time on the degradation efficiency were studied. Plausible degradation mechanism was proposed. To increase the adsorption performance, the challenge of affording urea–formaldehyde resins with three-dimensional network structures was overcome by the ice templating. The effects of cooling rate and added water content on the morphology of urea–formaldehyde resin were investigated. Due to its three-dimensional network structure and high amine density, the prepared adsorbent exhibited removal rate up to 95.68% for Pb(II) and 80.80% for Cu(II), much higher than untreated urea–formaldehyde resin waste. The effect of solution pH on the adsorption performance of heavy metal ions was also discussed. Moreover, after five cycles, removal rates were still up to 81.34% for Pb(II) and 64.37% for Cu(II), indicating its good cycle stability. Its large source of raw materials, convenient conversion method, and high removal rate make this method extremely competitive in the areas of both polymer degradation and heavy metal ion removal.
In additive manufacturing, also called 3-D printing, one of widely used materials is polylactide thermoplastic polymer (PLA) by means of the fused deposition modeling. For weight reduction purposes, infill density is an often used feature in slicing for 3-D printing. We aim at investigating the effect of infill density on the mechanical properties of structures. Therefore, we demonstrate how to prepare tensile specimens and test them by a universal testing machine. Results are collected by a so-called digital image correlation method. As infill density increases, from 10% to 100%, the nominal strain at break decreases from about 2.1% to 1.2%, respectively. In other words, the material becomes more ductile by decreasing the infill density of PLA material, which is possible to justify with an effect of the microstructure created by the infill density. Furthermore, we discuss a possible material model fitting all the presented results and report that a hyperelastic material model is needed for the PLA. We utilize Neo-Hookean, Mooney–Rivlin, and Yeoh models, all for different infill densities. All three models show a fairly good agreement to the experimental data. Neo-Hookean model has an advantage of only one parameter, which increases monotonously with infill density.
Organic cathode materials have attracted much attention owing to their sustainability and structure designability. However, the structural design of high electrochemical-performance organic cathode in aqueous zinc-ion batteries (AZIBs) still needs further development. Herein, we propose poly(quinone-1,4-diaminoanthraquinone) (PQN14) as the cathode to stabilize Zn^2+ storage based on the configuration suitability of chelating C = O units and N atoms along large conjugated chains. PQN14 exhibits a specific discharge capacity of 158 mAh g^−1 at 0.02 A g^−1 and has a 75% capacity retention after 400 cycles. Even at 0.1 A g^−1, it exhibits a 72% capacity retention after 1000 cycles. Redox kinetics analysis indicates that PQN14 exhibits efficient capacitive and ion diffusion controlled behaviors. The Zn^2+ storage mechanism of PQN14 is investigated via ex-situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy and Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, which indicates that the moderate active site configuration in PQN14 is conducive to coordination with Zn^2+. The active site configuration involves all carbonyl groups and N atoms to realize stable Zn^2+ insertion. This approach, which tunes the configuration to afford high electrochemical performance, may provide a progressive perspective for developing organic cathode materials for AZIBs. Graphical Abstract 
The stable porous material capable of exchanging external ions has promising potential in sorption and separation for radioactive nuclides. Herein, an in situ hydrothermal synthesis successfully incorporates potassium ions into a three-dimensional anionic uranyl phosphonate framework ( UPF , 1 ), which endows the porous framework with a particular ion-exchange capacity towards alkali and alkali earth ions. Remarkably, framework 1 is tolerant to high temperature, acidity, and salinity, presenting high stability and thus allowing applications in multiple scenarios with harsh conditions. Graphical abstract 
In this brief overview, we looked at how confocal laser scanning microscopy and Raman imaging can be used to examine solely polymer mixes. The results clearly illustrate that confocal microscopy can evaluate fibers, composites (where nanoparticles are present), mixes, and emulsions, among other things. Confocal imaging can also be used to analyze craze formation, surface interfacial dynamics and instability, compatibilization, droplet break up, polymer blend mixing efficiency, component diffusion rheology, and slip detection. Confocal imaging can be used with acoustic imaging and fluorescence correlation spectroscopy modules to boost characterization depth. We used over 100 references to produce this review, which shows how confocal laser scanning microscopy and Raman imaging spectroscopy might help researchers better comprehend polymer blends.
Abstract Composites, blends, and polymer membranes are all examples of processes that may benefit from response surface methodology (RSM) to optimize material characteristics. RSM is a convenient technique for determining the effect of several variables and their interactions on single or multiple response variables. The theoretical foundations and practical applications of RSM including the advantages and disadvantages of some design models are thoroughly explained. The RSM technique is shown to be relevant for the first time in polymer science and engineering research. We'll divide it into three sections: RSM may be used in some scenarios for polymerization, manufacturing, and evaluating the characteristics of polymers. The paper also compares RSM and other optimization techniques to an artificial neutral network. This review should be beneficial to anyone involved in polymer RSM and optimization. Graphical abstract 
Innovative, renewable and cost-effective porous composites were developed for integrating high fire safety and antibacterial properties for thermoplastic polymers. Sustainable porous carbon sheets were developed from plum stones as fruits-by-products via single carbonization step affording dual environmental and economic benefits. The as-developed porous carbon own specific surface area of 165 m^2 g^−1 which is characteristic of mesoporous feature of an average mesopore size of 2.1 nm, in addition to naturally doped nitrogen species. The obtained porous carbons sheets were dispersed in different mass loadings in to polystyrene matrix-producing polymer composites. Interestingly, SnO_2 microsphere of an average size of 2 µm was synthesized on the surface of developed porous carbon sheets producing new porous composites. The new composites were elucidated using XRD, FT-IR and SEM–EDS. Then, the developed composites were dispersed in polystyrene. The mass loadings were altered and studied. The progress in fire safety, thermal stability and antibacterial properties for developed polymer composites was studied. The flame retardancy of the new composites was significantly improved achieving rate of burning of 20.5 mm min^−1 compared to 46.5 mm min^−1 for blank polymer. This superior flame retardancy was corroborated by recording LOI value of 24.5% compared to 18% for virgin polymer. This attained flame retardancy was ascribed to the synergistic effect between porous carbon sheets contained nitrogen and SnO_2 microsphere. The new composites afford promising inhibition for bacterial growth achieving clear antibacterial inhibition zone of 11 mm compared to zero for blank sample. The flame retardancy action was studied and elucidated.
The heterojunctions between metal and polymer have become the effective ways to produce the lighter, safer and more environmental friendly vehicles for the manufacturing fields of automotive and aerospace. The state-of-the-art friction-based welding techniques are characterized by low peak temperature, severe plastic deformation, energy efficiency and non-pollution, which can simultaneously realize the mechanical and chemical bonding, improving mechanical performances. In this review, the current progress about friction-based welding techniques is summarized, containing technical development, welding tool design, microstructural characteristic, process optimization, surface modification and joining mechanism. The conclusions and prospects are presented, which focus on the practical implications for the manufacturing sectors and recommendations for further research and development. The purpose of this review is to elucidate the benefits of friction-based welding techniques so that these methods may be better exploited and industrialized.
A proton-conducting nanocomposite polymer electrolyte (NCPE) system, based on polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) as the host polymer and ammonium nitrate (NH_4NO_3) as the proton source, has been prepared with different concentrations of nanosized titanium dioxide (TiO_2) by solution casting. The changes in the structural features related to the electrical properties have been studied using XRD analysis, which revealed that the NCPE sample with 8 wt.% TiO_2 NPs exhibits the highest amorphous content. The addition of single-crystal TiO_2 NPs to the proton-conducting polymer electrolyte has resulted in a remarkable enhancement of the ionic conductivity of the system. A maximum DC conductivity of 5.52 × 10^−3 S cm^−1 at 303 K has been achieved for the NCPE containing 8 wt.% of TiO_2 NPs. The temperature-dependent ionic conductivity was displayed in a typical Vogel–Tammann–Fulcher-type equation, indicating a direct correlation between ionic conductivity and segmental movements of the PVA chains. The AC conductivity spectra of NCPEs have been studied in terms of the universal power law of Jonscher, and the dielectric relaxation phenomenon was analyzed using electric modulus formalism to assess if the relaxation is Debye or non-Debye type.
This research connects the mechanical and dielectric responses of three samples of hybrid polymer films composed of iron oxide nanoparticles and polyvinyl butyral (PVB) matrices with different average molecular weight. The mechanical responses were analyzed by dynamic mechanical analysis and the electrical responses by dynamic dielectric analysis, and they were interpreted by two fractional models, the Mechanical and the Dielectric Fractional Model. Correlation between mechanical and dielectric responses was determined for hybrid films. The comparison between fractional model parameters reveals that PVB matrix, with different average molecular weight, combined with the same nominal concentration of Fe-ions precursor, produces higher molecular mobility when average molecular weight is higher, and for the three samples, studied molecular mobility is higher for the dielectric manifestation of α -relaxation than the mechanic response. These results contribute in an important way to a better understanding of the molecular mobility of these materials where the possible applications require a certain compromise between the mechanical and electrical properties.
Despite their non-flammability, low processing cost and wide electrochemical stability window, solid-state polymer electrolytes still exhibit certain challenges, such as high operating temperature and low room-temperature ionic conductivity. Cellulose acetate (CA) is a common natural polymer derivative, which is promising as a filler in polymer electrolytes due to its rich surface functional groups, superior mechanical properties and high porosity. Herein, CA is incorporated into a unique polymer-in-salt electrolyte based on lithium bis(trifluoromethanesulfonyl)imide (LiTFSI) and polyvinylidene fluoride-hexafluoropropylene (PVDF-HFP) to design a composite polymer electrolyte (PLCA). The influence of CA content on the overall performance of PLCA is investigated. With 10 wt% of CA, PLCA exhibits high room-temperature ionic conductivity of 4.33 × 10^−4 S cm^−1, high Li-ion transference number of 0.60 and a wide electrochemical stability window (4.8 V). The resulting LiFePO_4|Li solid-state lithium battery delivers a specific discharge capacity of 160.17 mAh g^−1 at 0.2 C, with stable cycling ability and good rate capability. CA is found to promote the dissociation of lithium salt, reduce the crystallinity of polymer and further create a new Li-ion transport pathway in PLCA, responsible for the battery performance improvement. Our work provides an opportunity to design high-performance composite polymer-in-salt electrolytes for advanced solid-state batteries.
Cellulose is a natural polymer that has a lot of potentials. Cellulose gained more interest owing to its renewability, non-toxicity, economic value, biodegradability, high mechanical properties, high surface area, and biocompatibility. New sources, new isolation processes, and new treatments are currently under development to satisfy the increasing demand for producing new types of bio-based materials on an industrial scale. This article discusses the fundamentals and latest breakthroughs in cellulose biopolymer materials used in the fabrication of composite films owing to the cellulose forming films. Bio-polymers are finding wide applications due to their intrinsic properties such as low density, low thermal conductivity, corrosion resistance, and ease of manufacturing complex shapes. Cellulose possesses a highly crystallized structure, hence it is insoluble in typical organic solvents. Environmental restrictions are increasingly stringent, which is a key element leading to the growth of studies on this subject. These hydrocolloids have been modified by taking advantage of their valuable features; the mechanical strength and water resistance of cellulose make it being used as a thickener for large-scale applications such as cellulose composite films can extend the shelf life of a product while maintaining its biodegradability. New materials with high values are a hot topic for future research with commercial interest. These composite film potentials are contributing to the bio-economy. Here, the emphasis on the potential application of bio-composites of cellulose in various industries has been discussed. Graphical Abstract 
Miscible disordered block copolymers (BCPs) are rarely studied due to the limits in self-assembly into ordered microstructures. Herein, we proposed a facile method for the transformation of disordered miscible BCPs to comb-like BCPs with well-ordered microphase separation structures via blending with amphiphilic surfactants. In this work, poly(4-vinyl pyridine- b -hydroxybutylacrylate) (P4VP- b -P4HBA) was applied as a model of miscible disordered BCPs and the microphase separation was induced via blending with surfactants of dodecylbenzene sulfonic acid (DBSA) and 3-pentadecylphenol (PDP). The ordered microstructures including spherical and cylindrical morphologies were confirmed by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and small angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) investigation. These ordered microstructures thermal sensitive, in which ordered and disordered transformation (ODT) was observed in the blend of P4VP-b-P4HBA and PDP whereas it disappeared in the blend of P4VP- b -P4HBA and DBSA. The results show that the thermal stability of the ordered microstructures are strongly depends on the interactions between the miscible BCPs and surfactants, which investigated by in situ SAXS and Fourier transform infrared spectrometer (FTIR). The combination of miscible BCPs and surfactant creates a feasible strategy to fabricate ordered nanostructures, which could be employed to develop complicated nanomaterials.
Rechargeable magnesium batteries have attractive features as a post-lithium battery owing to their high volumetric capacity, safety, and low cost. However, the high charge density of Mg^2+ causes sluggish interfacial charge transfer kinetics at the electrode/electrolyte interface. This paper is an attempt to optimize the electrochemical performance of a halogen-free liquid electrolyte (HFE)-based magnesium nitrate (Mg(NO_3)_2) and variable additive of succinonitrile (SN). A polymer layer interface (PLI) consisting of Mg (CF_3SO_3)_2, polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF), SN, and G4 has been introduced to isolate the Mg anode's surface from HFE in order to reduce the growth rate of the passivation layer at the surface of the Mg anode. The introduction of SN regulates the ionic conductivity, overpotential of Mg plating/stripping, and the ion transference number of the HFE. A prototype of the Mg/HFE_SN/S full cell delivers a high initial discharge/charge capacity of ~ 1200/500 mAh g^−1 with a rapid capacity fade, while (Mg/PLI/HFE_SN/S) cell offers low capacity with long cycle life over (Mg/HFE_SN/S) counterpart. Postmortem analysis of sulfur electrodes at different electrochemical states reveals the reversible back and forth movement of Mg^2+ ions in Mg/S cells via conversion reaction.
We investigated the optical contrast of graphene in the various stacked structures which composed of a variety of materials using Fresnel’s equation and the transfer matrix method. The optical imaging method is widely known as the simplest method to determine the number of layers in two-dimensional (2D) materials with layered structure. We expanded the method to the simple two-layer structure with transparent substrate and graphene and a rather complex structure including polymers, different from the typical graphene/SiO_2/Si structure. Furthermore, we propose a new technique for identifying the thickness of polymer films using the contrast spectrum of graphene quickly and cost-effectively without additional equipment. It is expected to allow precise control in the condition of device fabrication owing to good estimation of the thickness of a polymer around graphene. In this paper, we demonstrated that optical imaging techniques can be applied to devices with various stacked structures to confirm the number of layers of 2D materials and to measure the thicknesses of polymers nondestructively.
The current study investigates the mechanical characteristics of polymer matrix composites (PMCs) having aluminum powder reinforcements, fabricated by fused deposition modeling (FDM). Polymer matrix composite was prepared by amalgamating polylactic acid (PLA) by blending with aluminum powder reinforcement particles in the following compositions: 10 wt% and 20 wt%. The composite filaments were fabricated with a twin-screw extrusion technique. The microstructural characteristic composite samples were investigated using a scanning electron microscope (SEM). The mechanical characteristics such as hardness, ultimate tensile strength (UTS), yield strength (YS), and percentage elongation (% EL) of unreinforced PLA composite and aluminum powder-reinforced PLA composites were compared. It was identified that with the incorporation of aluminum powder reinforcements, hardness, UTS, and YS were enhanced, and a reduction in percentage elongation was identified. These characteristics were examined to understand the distribution of aluminum powder reinforcements in the PLA matrix and its influences on the processing parameters of the study. With the 20 wt% addition of aluminum to PLA, the tensile strength increased by 46%, and the yield strength increased by 84%. A reduction in ductility was noted for every incremental addition of aluminum to PLA.
Solid polymer electrolytes (SPEs) by in situ polymerization are attractive due to their good interfacial contact with electrodes. Previously reported in situ polymerized SPEs, however, suffer from the low polymerization degree that causes poor mechanical strength, Li dendrite penetration, and performance decay in Li-metal batteries. Although highly polymerized SPEs are more stable than lowly polymerized ones, they are restricted by their sluggish long-chain mobility and poor ionic conductivity. In this work, a three-dimensional fibrous membrane with ion selectivity was prepared and used as a functional filler for the in situ formed SPE. The obtained SPE has high stability due to its high polymerization degree after the long-term heating process. The fibrous membrane plays a vital role in improving the SPE’s properties. The rich anion-adsorption sites on the fibrous membrane can alleviate the polarization effect and benefit a uniform current distribution at the interface. The fibrous nanostructure can efficiently interact with the polymeric matrix, providing rich hopping sites for fast Li^+ migration. Consequently, the obtained SPE enables a uniform Li deposition and long-term cycling performance in Li-metal batteries. This work reported an in situ formed SPE with both high polymerization degree and ionic conductivity, paving the way for designing high-performance SPEs with good comprehensive properties.
Polymer blends can be compatibilized using block and graft copolymers with blocks identical to, miscible with, or adhering to related components of the blend. The relatively simple models of compatibilized blends published in our preceding papers following up on the work of Leibler and its modification by Retsos, based on the comments of Noolandi, have now been extended. Our analysis of the mean field formula for a decrease in the interfacial tension by Noolandi and Hong resulted in further modification. This modification provides a higher amount of copolymer in the interfacial region and higher compatibilization efficiency than models used in our previous papers. In contrast to previous theories, it predicts maximum compatibilization efficiency for copolymer blocks somewhat shorter than the homopolymers. With respect to the Flory–Huggins interaction parameter, this calculated maximum reaches its lowest value for a certain value of the interaction parameter.
The shape memory behavior studies are established concerning polycaprolactone/thermoplastic starch/graphene nanoplatelet (PCL/TPS/GNP) nanocomposites. Response surface methodology (RSM) and Box–Behnken statistical design experiment methods were employed to evaluate the effects of PCL, glycerol, and GNP contents on shape memory properties and to optimize the values of these experimental parameters. For this purpose, the shape fixity and shape recovery of 15 samples with various compositions were measured, and high R ^2 values in the range of 0.75–0.88 were obtained for all responses. The shape recovery rate of several samples also was studied. The droplet–matrix morphology observed in SEM images and the DMTA results revealed enhanced compatibility between polymeric phases due to the presence of GNPs. The shape recovery step was accomplished using water stimuli. The results suggested that increasing the glycerol content from 15 to 25% (by weights) or decreasing the PCL content from 30 to 10% (by weights) amplifies the shape recovery of the nanocomposites by about 20% due to the higher potentials of water uptake. The recovery duration from temporary to permanent shape up to 100 s showed a high recovery rate of samples by immersion in 37 °C water. In contrast to inspections, adding GNP to the blends showed insignificant changes in shape memory behavior owing to choosing the water-stimuli method. Graphical abstract 
In Baghdad, Al- Rustamiya wastewater treatment plant was exposed to high and continuous drainage of sewage water, leading to weak in concrete parts of wastewater treatment plant. Protection of sedimentation tanks may be achieved by applying suitable coatings which resist the biological reaction and chemical effects of wastewater. Three types of coatings were prepared by using Siloxane polymer (SX5000WB) mixed with different amounts of micro titanium dioxide (TiO_2). Concrete cubes were covered with these coatings and partially immersed for 28 days in basins contain wastewater brought from Al- Rustamiya primary and secondary sedimentation tanks. Swabs from the cubes were also taken to monitor bacterial growth on cube’s surfaces after applying different types of coatings. To determine the effects of coatings on concrete cubes strength, compressive strength was measured after 28 days of partially immersing in wastewater. According to the study’s findings, coated concrete with 250 mg of micro TiO_2 per litre of the polymer is a suitable method of protection. At this concentration of TiO_2, bacterial growth was almost zero at concrete immersed in wastewater taken from primary and secondary sedimentation tanks, no obvious relationship was found between the type of coating and reduction of chloride and sulphate effect. Concrete compressive strength was increased by the increasing of coatings concentrations providing a thin film that may contribute in concrete protection.
In the contemporary research work, an effort has been accomplished to correlate the catalytic activity bond relation with surface area and activation energy of the developed Ni-Co alloy–coated azomethine polymer framework enveloped over mesquite carbon hybrid electrodes for power device applications. For this perspective, a composite supporting material was developed using 3,3′-diaminobenzidine, terephthaldehyde and amine-functionalized mesquite carbon (AMC) via in situ aldimine condensation polymerization process. A series of Co–Ni alloy nanoparticle–coated azomethine polymer framework enveloped over mesquite carbon hybrid composite catalysts were developed, and their catalytic performance relations were determined using appropriate modern techniques. X-ray diffraction (XRD), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), scanning electron microscope (SEM), energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDAX), highly resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM), and cyclic voltammetry were utilized to distinguish and to find the nature of chemical bonds present, phase morphology, chemical composition, crystal structure, activation energy, surface area, and their relationship exist towards electrocatalytic activity of the prepared catalysts. In the data obtained from different modern analytical techniques, it was inferred that the Ni-Co alloy hybrid composites that were developed in the present research work possess the higher current density (30.1 mA/mg), significantly lower onset potential (0.30 V), lower activation energy (20.60 kJ/mol), and higher electro-active surface area. These results indicate that the prepared Ni-Co alloy–coated azomethine polymer framework enveloped over mesquite carbon hybrid composite electrodes will pave an avenue to a new phase of renewable biomaterials for non-precious metal nanoparticles, which is considered to be an efficient and cost effective electrocatalysts for energy applications.
Samples of two commercial low-density polyethylene melts were investigated with respect to their fracture behavior in controlled uniaxial extensional flow at constant strain rate in a filament stretching rheometer. In order to assess the possible influence of grain boundaries on fracture, the samples were prepared by three different types of pre-treatment: by compression molding of (1) virgin pellets used as received, (2) pellets homogenized in a twin-screw extruder, and (3) pellets that were milled into powder by cryogenic grinding under liquid nitrogen. The elongational stress growth data were analyzed by the Extended Hierarchical Multi-mode Molecular Stress Function (EHMMSF) model developed by Wagner et al. (Rheol. Acta 61, 281-298 (2022)) for long-chain branched (LCB) polymer melts. The EHMMSF model quantifies the elongational stress growth including the maximum in the elongational viscosity of LDPE melts based solely on the linear-viscoelastic relaxation spectrum and two nonlinear material parameters, the dilution modulus G _ D and a characteristic stretch parameter $${\overline{\lambda}}_m$$ λ ¯ m . Within experimental accuracy, model predictions are in excellent agreement with the elongational stress growth data of the two LDPE melts, independent of the preparation method used. At sufficiently high strain rates, the fracture of the polymer filaments was observed and is in general accordance with the entropic fracture criterion implemented in the EHMMSF model. High-speed videography reveals that fracture is preceded by parabolic crack opening, which is characteristic for elastic fracture and which has been observed earlier in filament stretching of monodisperse polystyrene solutions. Here, for the first time, we demonstrate the appearance of a parabolic crack opening in the fracture process of polydisperse long-chain branched polyethylene melts.
The long-term use is one of the weaknesses of polymeric inclusion membranes. The present study focuses on the identification of the optimal conditions of the membrane and aqueous solutions compositions that will allow long-term use of polymeric inclusion membranes. We tried to find out a way to minimize the loss of the membrane organic phase of a polymer inclusion membrane (PIM). For this purpose, PIMs consisting of cellulose triacetate (CTA) as a base polymer and three different carriers, Aliquat 336 (basic), di-(2-ethylhexyl) phosphoric acid (D2EHPA) (acid) and trioctylphosphine oxide (TOPO) (neutral), were elaborated. The stability of the obtained membranes was studied in detail by determining their mass loss when immersed in aqueous solutions containing various salts or acids. The results showed that the stability of the PIMs is heavily influenced by the various studied parameters. The highest stability was recorded in HNO_3 acidic medium (pH1) and 1 M NaNO_3 medium where a mass loss < 5% wt. was observed. Besides, the PIM containing TOPO was found to be more stable than that containing Aliquat 336 which is in its turn more stable than that containing D2EHPA. The membranes based on Aliquat 336 and TOPO have excellent stability up to T = 60 °C; however, the membrane containing D2EHPA becomes unstable when the temperature is > 25 °C. One of the most relevant results is that the mass loss also depends on the saturation of the aqueous phase by carrier; a better stability is obtained in the case of a continuous immersion. Thus, the membrane can be kept stable for a period of up to 1 month. Finally, this study shows that it is possible to optimize the conditions that allow to stabilize membranes for extended use by adjusting the aqueous medium and membrane composition.
The magnesium oxide–nickel oxide (MgO–NiO), nickel oxide–cobalt oxide (NiO–CoO), and magnesium oxide–cobalt oxide (MgO–CoO)-based mixed metal oxides (MMO) were synthesized by sol–gel method. The grafting of conductive polymers (CP), namely polyaniline (PANI), polyorthoanisidine (POA), and PANI–POA copolymer, is carried out on synthesized mixed metal oxide (MMO) by using a chemical oxidation method using ammonium persulfate (APS) as oxidizer, and the doping agent is used as hydrochloric acid (HCl) to make the MMO-CP composites. The synthesis of MMO-CP formation was confirmed with the FTIR, XRD, and UV–visible analysis. The epoxy-polyamide coating formulation is reinforced with MMO-CP composites at 4% (w/w) concentration, and the ultrasonication technique is used for uniform dispersion of MMO-CP into the coating formulation. The mild steel is used as a substrate for casting synthesized coating film, and curing is carried out at 90 °C. The mechanical analysis observed that hardness properties and scratch formation resistance are increased by reinforcement of MMO-CP, whereas chemical resistance remained unaffected. The corrosion resistance increased by incorporation of MMO-CP into the coating formulation, and it is evaluated by the salt spray analysis. The NiO–CoO–POA composite-based coating performs excellently in pencil hardness, scratch resistance, and in the salt spray test.
Wound infections are a compelling health issue caused by the invasion and proliferation of pathogens in wound sites. Antibiotic-loaded hydrogels are widely used to achieve anti-infectious wound healing. However, due to the quick emergence of drug-resistant bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), wound infection has been a formidable challenge to human health. To address MRSA-infected wounds, an antibacterial peptide polymer-loaded hyaluronic acid (HA) hydrogel (Gel-HA@P) is prepared. The peptide polymer is designed to mimic host defense peptides as the antibiotic alternative showing potent antibacterial activity, low susceptibility to drug resistance and good stability against proteolysis. HA is biocompatible and biodegradable hydrogel substrate as a primary constituent of the extracellular matrix and suitable for cell migration and wound healing. Gel-HA@P shows potent activity against MRSA in vitro and in vivo , low toxicity during the treatment and promotes the wound healing in vivo . This design has proven to be an effective and antibiotic-free strategy to enable the healing of MRSA-infected wounds.
In this study, an iterative design window (DW) search using nonlinear dynamic simulation was proposed for polymer micromachined flapping-wing nano air vehicles (FWNAVs) that can satisfy both nonlinear and unsteady design requirements, which are contradictory to each other. The DW is defined as an existing area of satisfactory solutions in the design parameter space. The present FWNAVs have a complete 2.5-dimensional structure such that they can be fabricated using polymer micromachining. The micro-wing of our FWNAVs has been designed using morphological and kinematic parameters of an actual dipteran insect. Finally, using our method, we found the DW that allowed miniaturization of the design down to 10 mm while satisfying all the design requirements. Our findings demonstrate the possibility of further miniaturizing FWNAVs down to the size of small flying insects.
Sorption is prominent in low price, high efficiency, availability, and eco-friendliness. Organic porous materials have the characteristics of easy functionalization, diverse structure and stability, and show great potential in adsorption, energy storage, catalysis, and other fields. A mesoporous phenolic resin-type polymer (PRP) was successfully synthesized and modified by solid state reaction with maleic anhydride to prepare adsorbent (called as PRP-MAH) for sorption of Pb^2+. The impact of reaction conditions (the pH value, reaction temperature, fresh concentration of solution, ionic strength and reaction time, etc.) was systematically studied. Characterization methods such as SEM, FTIR, and XPS indicated that the synthesized adsorbent PRP-MAH had regular morphology and good stability. The fitting of isothermal adsorption experiment data conforms to Langmuir sorption isotherm, and the sorption capacity reached 366.40 mg·g^−1 at 308 K. The kinetic data were consistent with the quasi-second-order model, which indicated that the chemisorption might play the main role in the sorption process. Thermodynamic research manifested that the sorption of Pb^2+ by PRP-MAH was carried out by a spontaneous process at the study temperature. The studies show that PRP-MAH can remove Pb^2+ from water solution through ion exchange, electrostatic attraction, and surface complexation.
This paper focuses on the development of DNA-based stable porous aerogel membrane (PAM) via a one-pot crosslinking reaction with genipin. Meanwhile, seaweed polymer agar was added during the fabrication of the porous aerogel membrane with the desired stability and porosity for sustainable water separations. PAMs were analysed using advanced analytical tools such as FT-IR, solid-UV, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), TGA, and SEM. PAMs were tested for the separation of oil–water and hexane–water suspensions under gravity-driven force, which exhibit high rejection (~ 98%) with an excellent flux rate in the range of 332–389 L m^−2 h^−1. Feasibility of PAMs was also tested for the separation of naphthalene from contaminant water with a good flux rate of 384 L m^−2 h^−1. PAMs were also recycled and reused for separation experiments in the subsequent three cycles without any significant changes in their performance. The recycled PAMs exhibited biodegradability under soil conditions. This work opens new areas of utilizing biomolecule DNA to develop sustainable materials with seaweed polymers for potential separation and pharmaceutical applications.
Polyimide composites, impeded by the physicochemical property of resin matrix material, are difficult to apply in the working conditions at higher temperatures. In order to increase the heat resistance of the composites, in this paper, two comparable samples, with/without a graphite film on a side of composite laminate, were chosen, and were investigated by adding the point heat to the composite surface or graphite film surface. The temperature distribution evolutions of the panels are tested and simulated. The comparative analyses show that the graphite film plays an effective role of thermal conductivity in in-plane direction and thermal isolation in thickness direction, reducing the temperature of the composite layers under the graphite film. The heat will preferentially choose the path with high thermal conductivity, so with the graphite film on heating surface exhibits the lowest temperature peak and the most uniform in-plane temperature distribution under the same thermal load. Graphical Abstract 
The comprehensive mechanical features of polymer gears have demonstrated their potential for power transmission. The primary concern with expanding their power transmission applications is developing a reliable fault detection technique. In this manuscript, an early fault detection method of polymer gear is proposed using supervised machine learning with Hjorth parameters (HP). In this work, HP is used along with traditional statistical features to improve the polymer gear fault detection accuracy from vibration signals in the early stage. Vibration signals are acquired experimentally at a different class of polymer gear faults, namely healthy, slight, moderate, and severe pitting. The HP and SF vectors are extracted from the optimum intrinsic mode function of empirical mode decomposition and empirical wavelet transform (EWT). After that, faults are classified by three different classification algorithms, namely support vector machine, linear discriminant analysis, and K-nearest neighbor (KNN). Evaluating the result of these three classifiers with three sets of feature vectors (SF, HP and a combination of SF and HP) and comparing all the results with raw signal data. The result showed that the maximum accuracy, i.e., 99.3%, is achieved by KNN classifier with EWT method for signal decomposition using a combination of HP and SF vector.
Zinc ion batteries are favored by researchers because of their intrinsic safety, low cost, and high theoretical energy density. The serious dendrite growth of Zn anode during electrochemical deposition inhibits the development of zinc ion batteries currently. Many research works have been carried out to modify the zinc metal anode surface and aqueous electrolyte. Significantly, as the carrier of electrolyte and the bridge of ions, the separators show promising potential of inhibiting dendrites growth by regulating the ions migration and the electric field of the electrolyte-anode interface. However, a technical review about the separators of zinc ion batteries is still rare. In this review, the basic requirements of separators and the latest development of modification materials and mechanisms are summarized. Finally, the perspectives for further developments on the separators of zinc ion batteries are outlined. This review could offer useful information for the further development of separators for zinc ion batteries.
Two coordination polymers (CPs) on the basis of Co(II) have been prepared with or without a nitrogen-donor ligand bipyridine under the conditions of solvothermal, with the chemical formula of {[Co_3(IDPA)_3(DMA)(H_2O)_2]·(H_2O)(DMA)} n ( 1 , where DMA is N , N -dimethylacetamide, bpy is bipyridine, and H_2IDPA is 5-(1-oxoisoindolin-2-yl) isophthalic acid) and [Co(IDPA)(4,4′-bpy)_1/2]_ n ( 2 ). Furthermore, the treatment effect of compounds on postpartum depression was assessed and the corresponding mechanism was also investigated. The analysis of enzyme linked immunosorbent assay was applied for testing the progesterone and 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) content in the brain after indicated compound treatment. After that the progesterone and 5-HT relative expression was assessed with the analysis of real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. The experimental results show that CP 1 was much powerful than 2 on attenuating the contents of progesterone and 5-HT exist in brain. Besides this, the progesterone and 5-HT receptor relative expression on neurons was also markedly attenuated by CP 1 , instead of 2 .
Solid polymer electrolyte (SPE) membranes were prepared using the solution-cast technique by mixing polyethylene oxide/polyvinylidene fluoride/magnesium perchlorate (PEO/PVDF/Mg(ClO_4)_2) ternary system with concentrations of 10, 20, 30, and 40 wt. % of the ionic liquid (IL) 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium ethyl sulfate [EMIM][ESO_4]. The SPE membrane of SPE:IL (60:40 wt. %) demonstrated several electrochemical properties that satisfy a potential application in rechargeable magnesium ion batteries (MIBs) such as good conductivity at room temperature (~ 5.4 × 10^−5 S cm^−1) and high Mg^2+ ion transport number ( $${t}_{{Mg}^{2+}} \sim 0.34$$ t Mg 2 + ∼ 0.34 ). The results by X-ray diffraction (XRD) revealed an amorphous structure, which favored the diffusion of Mg^2+ ions within the SPE structure. In addition, differential thermal analysis (DTA) showed the melting point at ~ 329 K. Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) confirmed the presence of characteristic functional groups in SPE membrane, identified by the appearance of the absorption bands C–O–C, CH_2, C–O, ClO_4^−, and C–O–S–O. The electrochemical stability window of ~ 4.2 V was determined using linear sweep voltammetry (LSV).
The study of relative dynamic modulus ( $${E}_{\mathrm{tan\delta }}$$ E tan δ ) profile, i.e., phase transition behavior of the polymers and their composites in an absolute and methodical manner, is among one of the most eminent tasks of research for deciding endued materialistic applications. In the present study, $${E}_{\mathrm{tan\delta }}$$ E tan δ profile curves of prepared thick-film PMMA/TiO_2 polymer nanocomposite specimens were recorded through dynamic mechanical analyzer experimental setup. A model based on the Weibull distribution function, which is applicable specifically while specimen undergoes phase transition mechanism and breakage of secondary bonds among macromolecular polymeric chain segments in any polymeric systems occurs, is developed, and proposed to understand the phase transition characteristic curves along with the precise determination of phase transition temperature ( $${T}_{g}$$ T g ) values of specimens. The present modeling approach evinces novel and propitious tool for analytical analysis of $${T}_{g}$$ T g values.
SiOC ceramic aerogels (SiOC CAs) were successfully fabricated through vacuum freeze-drying method combined with PDC process. The microstructure, phase composition and thermal conductivity of the as-prepared samples were systematically investigated. The results showed that the as-prepared SiOC CAs were composed of amorphous phase with three-dimensional network porous structure. In addition, the as-prepared SiOC CAs demonstrated high specific surface area of 635.72 m^2/g, low density of 0.19 g/cm^3, large pore volume of 0.49 cm^3/g, and ultra-low thermal conductivity of 0.031 ± 0.0015 W/(m K). The present developed work provided a new thought to produce other porous Si-based ceramic aerogel materials.
This work deals with the study of the anticorrosion behavior of a biopolymer, namely Guar Gum (GG) and its composite on mild steel (MS) in sulfamic acid (SA) solution using electrochemical techniques. GG was found to be a potential inhibitor relatively at its higher concentration and showed maximum inhibition efficiency (IE) of 74% at 3 g/L (3000 ppm). To improve its IE, exfoliated graphite oxide (xGO)/GG polymer composite was prepared, and its inhibition property was assessed in 1 M SA solution at different temperatures by weight loss method (WL). The chemical structure of xGO/GG polymer composite was examined by FT-IR, and the morphology was inspected by optical microscopy, scanning electron microscopy study, and energy dispersive spectroscopy technique. xGO/GG polymer composite emerged as an efficient corrosion inhibitor for MS as marked from the outcomes of the electrochemical investigations and showed improved IE of 93% at 0.6 g/L (600 ppm) when compared to GG. Experimental results found by WL measurements are used to evaluate the thermodynamic parameters at various temperatures. Further, a Box-Behnken composite design with three factors and three levels has been used to minimize the experimental conditions. The IE was enhanced with the increase in the inhibitor concentration as observed from the main effect plot. The maximum IE of 84.21% was projected by the response surface method (RSM) with temperature ( A  = 30 °C), inhibitor concentration ( B  = 600 ppm), and time ( C  = 1 h).
Fire accidents are unpredictable, especially oil fires, which often lead to serious losses because they cannot be extinguished quickly. Accidents are unavoidable, even though it is desirable to prevent them with solid preventative measures. There are two approaches to the study of fire. On the one hand, it is to study the intrinsic safety of hazardous substances; on the other hand, it is to study the energy efficiency of fire extinguishing substances. While the latter tries to investigate effective control conditions, the former aims to prevent the occurrence of fires. In reality, as the most commonly used fire extinguishing carrier, water is an effective weapon for different fires. Therefore, with the purpose of environmental protection and energy conservation, the fire extinguishing effect of the water mist system under pure water and low concentration of green additives is explored. The self-made polymer composite additives and NaCl salt were compared with pure water mist system. The findings show that under this low-pressure system, 1% polymer composite additives had the best extinction efficiency enhancement, pure water under medium and high pressure was more effective, and 1% NaCl salt additive negatively correlated with the extinction efficiency.
Due to its high adsorption capacity and adsorption efficiency, polymer gel shows excellent performances in the treatment of wastewater containing thorium. In this work, glutaraldehyde cross-linked N -(4-Aminobenzoyl)-ʟ-glutamic acid modified chitosan (CCS-AGA) was used to adsorb Th(IV) ions from aqueous solutions for the first time. FT-IR and SEM results revealed the chemical structure and surface morphology of this material. The influence of solution pH, contact time and initial concentration of Th ions on the adsorption of Th(IV) by CCS-AGA was investigated. The experimental data suggest that the adsorption behavior of CCS-AGA could be accurately predicted by the Langmuir model. The maximum theoretical adsorption capacity of CCS-AGA for Th(IV) was 162 mg/g. Moreover, this material exhibited excellent reusability and adsorption selectivity for Th(IV).
Wood is a versatile resource due to its inherent properties such as low density, good weight to strength ratio, unique hierarchical structure, microscale pores, and ease of processing, including its biodegradability and renewability. In the building and construction industry, engineered transparent wood (ETW) may serve as a sustainable replacement for glass which is environmentally unfriendly in its manufacture and application. Natural wood is non transparent due to its low optical transmittance, therefore, lignin and chromophores are modified or eliminated, and a polymer is infiltrated in order to achieve transparency. Engineered transparent wood (ETW) exhibits excellent optical properties (transmittance > 80%), high haze (haze > 70%), thermal insulation (thermal conductivity less than 0.23Wm^−1 K^−1), unique hierarchical structure, good loadbearing performance with tough failure behaviour (no shattering) and ductility. These properties extend wood applications to optical components such as solar cells, screens, windows, magnetic materials, and luminescent and decorative materials. This review details the production of ETW and how the wood density, wood thickness, wood type, wood direction, cellulose volume fraction, extent and type of delignification, polymer type, functionalisation of ETW affect the morphological, functional, optical, thermal, photodegradation and mechanical properties of ETW.
有机电子学的最终目标是实现简单地构筑高性能逻辑电路以满 足各种应用需求. 双极性有机半导体, 特别是双极性共轭聚合物, 在制 备可溶液印刷、低成本和大面积的有机电路方面具有独特的优势. 然 而, 本征双极性聚合物的窄带隙导致其电流开关比低(通常为10^2–10^3), 阻碍了输出信号的高精度和抗干扰性, 而这是潜在逻辑电路应用的关 键要求. 本文中, 基于可控掺杂的工艺, 本征平衡双极性聚合物实现了 准单极传输特性, 其p沟道和n沟道薄膜晶体管的电流开关比均显著提 高至10^5–10^7. 此外, 可控掺杂的有机逻辑电路如非门、或非门、与非 门通过直写印刷技术构建, 其具有优异的综合性能, 高达150的增益值 和68%的信号噪声容限以及快速响应. 本工作通过掺杂策略显著地提高 了双极性材料的开关比, 可为双极性材料在印刷集成电路中的实际应 用提供理论基础. Organic electronics aims to simplify the construction of high-performance basic logic circuits for various applications. Ambipolar organic semiconductors, particularly ambipolar conjugated polymers, offer distinct advantages of easy solution-printing-based fabrication and low-cost development of large-area organic circuits. However, the narrow bandgaps of intrinsic ambipolar polymers result in the low current on/off ratio (generally 10^2–10^3), impeding the generation of output signals with high accuracy and immunity, which are critical requirements for potential logic circuit applications. The quasi-unipolar transport properties for pristine well-balanced ambipolar polymers were obtained using a controllable-doping process, which resulted in a significant increase in current on/off ratios (10^5–10^7) for both p-channel and n-channel thin-film transistors. Furthermore, large-area organic logic circuits such as NOT, NOR, and NAND gates were constructed using a direct writing technique based on the same ambipolar conjugated polymer films with superior p- and n-conducting channels by the controllable-doping process, demonstrating excellent overall performance with a high gain value of ∼150, signal noise margins of 68% and fast response to input voltages. This study provides valuable guidelines for improving the on/off ratio of ambipolar materials by implementing the doping strategy, further promoting the possibility of practical applications in solution-printed integrated organic circuits.
Polymer electrolytes with high safety and high performance are considered to be one of the most promising candidates to upgrade the traditional organic-solvent-based lithium-ion batteries. However, unlimited thermal runaway and incompatibility between electrolyte and electrode greatly limit the development of advanced polymer electrolytes. In this work, we fabricated bilayer polymer electrolytes (DLMs) with a multilevel heterostructure to achieve high-temperature self-shutdown functionality and uniform Li-ion flux. The double-layer heterostructure consists of a self-shutdown layer in contact with the cathode and an ionic liquid composite polymer layer in contact with the anode, which can achieve effective electrode–electrolyte interface contact, fast self-shutdown, and more than 900 h of stable lithium plating/stripping. In addition, the NCM523/DLM/Li battery exhibits a high reversible capacity of 129.7 mAh g^−1 at 0.5 C and maintains high-capacity retention (> 89%) after 200 charge–discharge cycles. This study shows a great advantage in handling thermal abuse and a stable lithium anode, suggesting a promising approach to the high-safety lithium metal batteries.
In the face of climate change, improving the efficacy of applied nitrogen (N) with a low environmental footprint is crucial for feeding hungry stomachs and making production systems sustainable. Across the globe and specifically in India, with the advent of the green revolution, the need for synthetic N fertilizers increased exponentially with the crop production trends. But, applying an enormous volume of N fertilizers has boundless pessimistic impacts, and cutting-edge technologies such as enhanced efficiency nitrogen fertilizers (EENFs) are an upstanding approach. The EENFs (limited release and balanced urea-based N fertilizers) have synchronized release of N as per crop need leading to enhanced efficacy and lessening the losses in contrast to conventional urea. EENFs with substantiating enhanced efficiency is emerging as intelligent formulations compared to an appropriate reference in reducing the probable nutrient losses to the surroundings by regulating the momentum of release or soil fertilizer transformation dynamics. The augmented expenditure of more frequently used soluble N fertilizers improved crop performance; the speed of environmental impairment related to N application prompted us for EENFs. This manuscript has outlined EENFs with a particular emphasis on constituent, its classification schemes and the mode of action implicated in N release, soil factors affecting its efficient use, and delineation of the performance of EENFs on crop productivity under varied agroecosystems in greater detail. In a nutshell, it can be said that EENFs could be an effective strategy to mitigate environmental degradation while sustaining crop yield. Still, their judicious use warrants exclusion of any fertilizer mismanagement, addiction, and implementing knowledge-based N management practices. Graphical Abstract 
Although surface-enhanced Raman scattering (SERS) is an advanced analysis technique, the challenge of low specificity in real sample analysis remains. In this study, we synthesized a hybrid structure based on gold nanorods (AuNRs) coated with a molecularly imprinted polymer (MIP) as a SERS substrate. While the AuNRs strongly enhance the Raman signal of the analyte, the MIP layer allows specific trapping of analyte molecules close to the gold surface. A very thin film of polydopamine with exclusive cavities of rhodamine B enabled ultrasensitive detection of rhodamine B with a 120-fold increase compared to non-imprinted sample. The selectivity of our AuNR@MIP substrate for the detection of rhodamine B in a mixture of different dyes was also clearly improved. Fortunately, the AuNR@MIP substrate exhibited attractive accuracy and sensitivity toward rhodamine B in spiked orange juice samples. This report demonstrates a promising hybrid structure to improve SERS-based sensing of real samples.
Controlling the dielectric properties is desirable for monitoring the efficiency of materials, which are newly applicable in electronic devices. In this work, the simple and well-known Rother-Lichtenecker equation has been modified to predict the real part of the dielectric permittivity of polymer nanocomposites. In the proposed model, the real part of dielectric permittivity is a function of interphase properties (thickness, volume fraction, and dielectric permittivity) and nanoparticle characteristics (shape, size, and volume fraction). The model results agree well with the experimental data for polymer nanocomposites containing different spherical, cylindrical, and plate-like nanoparticles. In addition, the predicted interphase properties cope very well with the experimental observations of interfacial interactions from valid literature. The high interphase properties and the small size of the nanoparticles are desired requirements of a nanocomposite with high dielectric permittivity. However, the dielectric permittivity of the nanoparticles barely affects that of the nanocomposite. The proposed model can accurately estimate the interphase properties of any available polymer nanocomposite considering the dielectric permittivity measurements.
In this study, a novel N-rich triazine-based porous organic polymer (NR-POP) was synthesized via Schiff-base condensation. The structure of the synthesized porous polymer was identified using FT-IR, XRD, SEM, EDS, TEM, TGA, and BET analyses. The adsorption efficiency of this polymer was investigated for the removal of lead and cadmium ions pollutants. The adsorption processes of Pb(II) and Cd(II) metal ions by this polymer adsorbent were exothermic and matched by the Langmuir isotherm with a high correlation coefficient ( R ^2 = 0.9904, 0.9778), the maximum adsorption capacity (833.33, 178.57 mg g^−1), and the pseudo-second-order kinetic model. Furthermore, NR-POP showed an excellent adsorption selectivity for Pb(II) compared to Cd(II). Graphical Abstract 
Carbon fiber-reinforced polymer (CFRP) composite is extensively exploited in numerous industrial and non-industrial applications because of its extraordinary mechanical characteristics. Most of the time, the CFRP composite structures are exposed to extreme and heavy machining process and get damaged. In the component assembly of the structures, one of the conventional damages that still occurs on the CFRP laminates are holes that are created on the specimen by drilling tools. Therefore, the mechanical properties of open-hole CFRP laminates are important issue that should be addressed by engineers. For this purpose, the tensile, flexural and compressive strengths of an open-hole CFRP laminate are experimentally and numerically determined in this research. A finite element method is developed to validate the precision of the experimental data.
Abstract The permeability of individual lower hydrocarbons and in a С_1/С_4 mixture is studied for the first time for films based on PTMSP of the new cis -enrich configurational composition (the content of cis- units in the samples is 80 and 90%). The methane permeability of freshly prepared cis -regular PTMSP films (90% cis- units) and exposed to air for a month is higher than the corresponding values of PTMSP films containing 80% cis- units. The X-ray diffraction data indicate a looser packing of cis -regular PTMSP. The introduction of antioxidant Irganox 1076 into the PTMSP films leads to a decrease in the initial level of methane flux. At the same time, the permeability of the films with the added Irganox decreases much more slowly over time (for a month) compared with the films without the added antioxidant. The permeability of individual lower hydrocarbons through PTMSP films without and with the added Irganox 1076 increases in the sequence С_1 < C_2 < C_3 < C_4. The value of the separation factor in the n- butane/methane mixture attains 33, which is almost 7 times higher than selectivity for individual components. A high level of n- butane permeability for cis- enrich PTMSP is maintained at least for a month of film storage in air.
Microplastic pellets (MPPs) are one of the significant sources of plastic pollution on shorelines worldwide. In this study, for the first time, we have examined the occurrence of MPPs and their spatial and seasonal distributions, adsorbed contaminants, polymer composition, and ecological risks at eight renowned beaches of Andhra Pradesh, central east coast of India. A total of 3950 MPPs were collected from eight beaches along the central east coast of India during October 2020, representing pre-northeast monsoon (pNEM), and during January 2021, representing the northeast monsoon (NEM). The abundance of MPPs was higher during the NEM than those found in the pNEM. ATR-FTIR and SEM analyses were conducted to characterize the polymer types and weathering patterns of MPPs. Energy-Dispersive X-ray spectrometer (EDS) results show the MPP adsorbance of heavy metals such as Ni, Cr, Cu, Pb, and Zn. The degree of contamination and polymer hazard risks of MPPs were assessed using the pollution load index (PLI) and polymer hazard index (PHI). The conducive wind and currents during the NEM lead to higher MPP abundance than during the pNEM. However, the spatial variations of MPPs showed significant differences among the beaches. This study revealed that the presence of MPPs on the beaches along the central east coast of India might pose a considerable polymer hazard risk to the ecosystem. The substantial surface weathering features of MPPs would lead to more toxic nanoplastics in the future.
In this work, poly(3‑hexylthiophene‑2,5‑diyl)/iron (II) disulfide ((P3HT)/FeS_2) composites were synthesized by in-situ Grignard metathesis. FeS_2 nanoparticles (FeS_2 NP) were synthesized using a two‐pot thermal method at 220 °C, and subsequently, the in-situ polymerization of 2,5-dibromo-3-hexylthiophene was carried out in the presence of FeS_2 NP. The FeS_2 concentration in relation to the 2,5-dibromo-3-hexylthiophene monomer was varied in the P3HT/FeS_2 composites (3, 4.8, and 7.5 wt% FeS_2). The effect of FeS_2 incorporation in P3HT on its physicochemical properties was studied by XRD, FTIR-ATR spectroscopy, TGA, cyclic voltammetry, UV–Vis spectroscopy, and SEM (morphology and elemental analysis). The incorporation of FeS_2 in P3HT increased the electric charge storage and the grain size. Likewise, the potential of the oxidation peaks of RR-P3HT was modified with the incorporation of FeS_2. The composites were tested in the active layer of hybrid solar cells. The photovoltaic devices were characterized by the curves of current vs. voltage to evaluate its performance. The addition of FeS_2 in P3HT improved the efficiency of photovoltaic devices by 6.2% compared to those without FeS_2 NP.
Abstract To expand the field of application of anion exchangers based on a copolymer of styrene and divinylbenzene with attached polyethyleneimine, quaternized with glycidol, the following conditions for their synthesis were varied: the amount of the added glycidol, temperature, and duration of synthesis. The influence of these factors on the capacity, selectivity, and efficiency of the resins in the mode of suppressed ion chromatography was studied; in addition, the stationary phases were studied in the mode of hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography using the Tanaka test. It was shown that the synthesis conditions under study ensure the control of the capacity and selectivity of anion exchangers, while their hydrophilicity changes insignificantly. The behavior of oxoanions on covalently attached resins in the ion chromatography mode was studied for the first time, and the applicability of phases with quaternized polyethyleneimine in the hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography mode to the separation of sugars, amino acids, water-soluble vitamins, nucleosides, and nitrogenous bases was demonstrated for the first time.
Upgrading historical structures is one of the most interesting applications of fiber reinforced polymers in construction. Historical bridges are frequently post-strengthened to increase load carrying capacity of structural elements, aiming to bear heavier commercial traffic. Fatigue life becomes crucial since the lack of available fatigue models leads to superficial analysis considering the same S–N curves for different strengthening systems and steel stress ranges. This paper uses an extensive database with experimental data from the literature to adjust linear regression models to characterize the large scatter between the results of fatigue tests from different sources. Distinct fatigue models have been developed considering three categories: externally bonded reinforcement with strips/sheets and new surface-mounted reinforcement. The different declivities found for the adjusted fatigue life models accurately represent the fatigue behavior of the post-strengthened structural elements with the assessed systems and techniques. The results support design decisions to avoid future unnecessary interventions.
Cheese is a perishable commodity due to the dynamic biochemical and microbiological changes that occur throughout its manufacture, ripening, and marketing. Consequently, the cheese sector relies heavily on packaging. Growing environmental concerns regarding non-biodegradable cheese manufacturing and packaging components have motivated research into bio-nanomaterials as an alternative. By controlling the O_2 and CO_2 exchange rates and functioning as a vehicle for antimicrobial compounds, bio-nanocomposite sheets might be employed to minimize cheese’s weight loss and microbial breakdown. Bio-nanocomposites are organic polymeric materials made of two major components, one of which serves as a biopolymer structure (continuous phase) and the other as a reinforced material (dispersed phase) with dimensions between 1 and 100 nm. These components share characteristics such as flexibility, biocompatibility, biodegradability, green composites, and affordability. Bio-nanocomposites employed as antibacterial agents in the food coatings industry may inhibit the growth of microorganisms on food substrates, hence increasing the shelf life of the product. The beneficial antibacterial activity of bio-nanocomposites shows that they have several applications in the food industry. In this article, we will discuss the advantages and features of bio-nanocomposite films or coatings put to cheese slices in order to increase storage duration and reduce the usage of non-biodegradable materials. This study discusses the most recent scientific findings pertaining to bio-packaging ingredients and cheese variants.
Thermal energy is ubiquitous and constantly generated in nature and society. Thermocells (TECs) represent a promising energy-conversion technology that can directly translate thermal energy into electricity with a large thermopower, thus having attracted considerable attention in recent years. Nevertheless, the use of noble platinum electrodes in TECs has substantially limited their widespread applications, as the scarcity of platinum element increases the cost of materials, and its intrinsic rigidity is not conducive to flexible and wearable applications under heat sources with complex surface geometry. Herein, we propose a facile hybridizing route to constructing flexible electrodes with optimized nanostructures. The flexible composite electrode is fabricated by decorating a single-walled carbon nanotube network with conducting polypyrrole nanospheres through controlled electrochemical deposition. With refined interfacial nanostructures, the resultant composite film can facilitate carrier transport/transfer at the electrolyte-electrode interface, and thereby shows superior overall thermoelectrochemical performance to noble platinum electrode. The TEC employing the flexible composite electrodes yields a maximum output power of 2.555 µW under the temperature difference of 30 K, and a device comprising 6 TEC units is assembled to efficiently utilize waste heat and human body heat, revealing the high potential of low-grade heat harvesting.
Pisciculture represents one of the industries with the fastest growth rates worldwide. However, it presents obstacles to its development, such as bacteriosis, which is conventionally treated with antibiotics. The indiscriminate and inappropriate use of antibiotics can lead to bacterial resistance, thus alternatives to the use of antibiotics have been researched. The study aimed to analyze the potential of crude ethanol extract (CEE) from Hymenaea martiana leaf, gallic acid (GA), and polypyrrole (PPy) against Aeromonas hydrophila . Tests were performed to determine the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) and minimum bactericidal concentration (MBC) of the compounds individually and in synergy (checkerboard) against A. hydrophila and in silico tests between the compounds evaluated. The CEE of H. martiana leaf and PPy were effective against A. hydrophila with MBC results of 3125 μg/mL for the CEE of H. martiana and 125 μg/mL for PPy. Evaluating the GA, a MIC and MBC of 125 μg/mL was obtained. In the interaction tests (checkerboard, using PPy/CEE and PPy/GA), there was a significant reduction in individual introductions. Thus, for the PPy/CEE tests, we had a reduction of MIC/MBC to 1.95 and 781.25 μg/mL, and for the synergy tests between PPy/GA to 7.8125 and 31.125 μg/mL, respectively. The synergy tests are encouraging, and it is possible to verify a decrease of up to 98% in the introduction of PPy, 75% in CEE for H. martiana and 75.1% for GA, when compared to their individual tests. The tests with GA are encouraging due to GA's effectiveness as an antimicrobial agent and high synergy with polypyrrole, both in vitro results and molecular docking experiments showed the actions at the same activation site in A. hydrophila . In vivo tests evaluating isolated components of CEE from H. martiana in synergy with PPy should be performed, to verify the quality of the interactions and the improvement of the immune responses of the animals. It was evidenced that gallic acid, a substance isolated from the extract, tends to have more promising results. This is relevant since the industry has been developing these compounds for different uses, thus providing easier access to the product. Thus, the present study indicates an efficient alternative in the use of bioactive compounds as substitutes for conventional antimicrobials.
The mass attenuation coefficient (MAC), effective atomic number ( Z _eff), equivalent atomic number ( Z _eq), fast neutron removal cross-section (FNRCS), energy absorption buildup factor (EABF), mass-energy absorption coefficient (MenAC), relative kerma, and computed tomography (CT) numbers were calculated for the alginates, bisphenol A-glycidyl methacrylate (Bis-GMA), chitin, hyaluronic acid, polycaprolactone (PCL), polyether ether ketone (PEEK), polyethylene glycol (PEG), polyglycolide (PGA), polylactic acid (PLA), poly lacto-co-glycolic acid (PLGA), poly methyl methacrylate (PMMA), poly vinyl alcohol (PVA), polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP), triethylene glycol dimethacrylate (TEGDMA), and urethane dimethacrylate (UDMA) polymers using the Phy-X/PSD and Py-MLBUF software. The total stopping power (TSP) of electrons, protons, and alpha particles was calculated for the selected polymers using the ESTAR, PSTAR, and ASTAR programs. The effective atomic number for absorption and charged particle (electron, proton, alpha, and carbon ion) interactions were estimated for the selected polymers using Phy-X/ZeXTRa software. The FNRCS values of Bis-GMA, PCL, PEG, PMMA, and PVP were similar to those of the human tissues. For the selected polymers, the Z_eff values for electron, proton, alpha, and carbon ion interactions of PCL, PEG, PLGA, and PVA were similar to those of human tissues, except for the cortical bone, across the entire energy range. These results are expected to assist in selecting suitable polymers as tissue-equivalent materials in the desired energy range for photon, neutron, and charged-particle interactions. This study is expected to be useful for radiation therapy and dosimetry.
Traditional detection of thiodiglycol (TDG), a metabolic marker for sulfur mustard poisoning, requires not only professional operators, but also expensive reagents and large instruments. Herein, we developed a novel molecular imprinted polymers (MIPs)-based lateral flow assay (LFA) strategy for the quick, sensitive, and selective detection of TDG. Gold nanoparticles (AuNPs), MIPs, and metallothioneins (MTs) were respectively loaded on the conjugate pad, test line (T line) and control line (C line). After adding TDG, AuNPs on the conjugate pad reacted with TDG through the Au–S bond first. Then, under the action of capillary force, the conjugates of TDG and AuNPs were trapped by the MIPs as they traveled to the T line, and the residual AuNPs bound with the MTs on the C line, exhibiting two obvious red bands on T line and C line, respectively. In contrast, a single red band could be observed on C line without TDG. This method exhibited a wide linear range from 10.0 pg/mL to 10,000.0 ng/mL and its limit of detection (LOD) was as low as 0.41 pg/mL. This method was successfully utilized to detect TDG in human urine, presenting significant potential in the point-of-care testing of TDG in clinical samples of the sulfur mustard poisoning patients.
After muscle loss or injury, skeletal muscle tissue has the ability to regenerate and return its function. However, large volume defects in skeletal muscle tissue pose a challenge to regenerate due to the absence of regenerative elements such as biophysical and biochemical cues, making the development of new treatments necessary. One potential solution is to utilize electroactive polymers that can change size or shape in response to an external electric field. Poly(ethylene glycol) diacrylate (PEGDA) is one such polymer, which holds great potential as a scaffold for muscle tissue regeneration due to its mechanical properties. In addition, the versatile chemistry of this polymer allows for the conjugation of new functional groups to enhance its electroactive properties and biocompatibility. Herein, we have developed an electroactive copolymer of PEGDA and acrylic acid (AA) in combination with collagen methacrylate (CMA) to promote cell adhesion and proliferation. The electroactive properties of the CMA + PEGDA:AA constructs were investigated through actuation studies. Furthermore, the biological properties of the hydrogel were investigated in a 14-day in vitro study to evaluate myosin light chain (MLC) expression and metabolic activity of C2C12 mouse myoblast cells. The addition of CMA improved some aspects of material bioactivity, such as MLC expression in C2C12 mouse myoblast cells. However, the incorporation of CMA in the PEGDA:AA hydrogels reduced the sample movement when placed under an electric field, possibly due to steric hindrance from the CMA. Further research is needed to optimize the use of CMA in combination with PEGDA:AA as a potential scaffold for skeletal muscle tissue engineering.
The inhibition potential of two new 1D coordination polymers (CP), CuL_2(NO_3)_2 (C_1) and ZnL_2(BF_4)_2 (C_2), and their cryptate-bis(1H-1,2,4-triazole)-based ligand (L_1) against the corrosion of mild steel (MS) in molar hydrochloric acid medium was evaluated by employing the weight loss (WL), potentiodynamic polarization (PDP), and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) techniques. In addition, scanning electron microscopy coupled with energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (SEM–EDS) was used to assess the surface of the steel before and after corrosion. UV–visible spectroscopy was used to examine the gravimetric solution, and to fully understand the inhibitory effect, we employed quantum chemical descriptors and Monte Carlo simulation. Based on the outcomes of the electrochemical and computational research, combined with characterization of the metal surface morphology, both metal complexes were found to be highly effective compared to the parent ligand. The findings of the EIS measurements showed that at 308 K, complexes C_1 and C_2 retained their inhibitory efficiency at levels over 92.3%. Furthermore, these compounds are of the mixed type, and their adsorption on the MS face was found to follow the Langmuir adsorption isotherm with the free energies of adsorption of − 42.3 and − 46.2 kJ mol^−1, respectively. The experimental findings were reinforced by quantum computations and computer simulation.
Water contamination is increasing worldwide, yet actual methods of water and wastewater treatment are limited, in particular by actual fossil-fuel derived nano-adsorbents that are difficult to regenerate. This calls for advanced methods that use sustainable materials such as chitosan. Chitosan is a biopolymer extracted from the outer skeleton of shellfish, including crab, lobster, and shrimp. Chitosan is non-toxic, abundant, and chemical and physical stable. Moreover, chitosan can be shaped into beads, sheets, membranes, and composites. Here, we review chitosan-based beads for wastewater treatment with focus on adsorption mechanisms, removal of pollutants, functionalization, metal organic frameworks, magnetic beads, imprinted and co-polymeric beads, and regeneration. We found that chitosan/Fe-hydroxyapatite beads exhibit an adsorption capacity of 1385 mg/g for the removal of lead. Imprinted magnetic chitosan beads display a reusability of 15 cycles for nickel removal.
In order to meet the demand for infrared stealth materials in the military field, conjugated polymers containing Schiff base moieties were designed and prepared. Various dialdehyde monomers were introduced and their effect on the comprehensive properties were systematically characterized. The resulted polymers could be cast in solution to prepare polymer coatings. The coatings exhibited high thermal stability up to 400 °C at 5% weight loss, and excellent mechanical performance with high Young’s modulus and hardness. The infrared emissivity values varied from 0.587 to 0.627 at wavelength of 8–14 µm and ranged from 0.595 to 0.609 at wavelength of 2–22 µm. Specifically, it was found that the ATTPAL structure with carbazole moieties had a lower band gap and better electrical conductivity by photoelectric test and DFT theoretical analysis. Meanwhile, the infrared emissivity value of ATTPAL coating was the lowest compared with p -phenyl and pyridyl containing analogues, suggesting it was potential material for the future development of infrared stealth technology. The combined results showed that reducing the band gap and improving the electrical conductivity of the structure were both beneficial to the reduction of infrared emissivity. It would positively provide new ideas for the design of infrared stealth materials.
Abstract The effect of gadolinium on the luminescence of europium in mixed complexes with thenoyltrifluoroacetylacetone and 1,10-phenanthroline in poly(methyl methacrylate) and polyethylene films has been studied. The scale of change in light resistance with varying the proportion of gadolinium and the concentration of the complex in the polymer has been estimated. An increase in the relative intensity of luminescence in polyethylene with an increase in the proportion of gadolinium in the complexes has been revealed, the magnitude of which corresponds to a similar effect for complexes in the crystalline state. This effect is absent in poly(methyl methacrylate) films; however, the presence of gadolinium lowers the rate of decrease in luminescence intensity during photolysis.
Diclofenac (DCF) is a pharmaceutical contaminant of water bodies and therefore, improvement of analytical techniques for its removal and quantitation is one of the current interests of analysts. Herein, DCF selective magnetic molecularly imprinted polymer (MMIP) has been fabricated and characterized by Fourier transform-infrared spectroscopy, thermogravimetric analysis, vibrating scanning magnetometer, scanning electron microscopy, high-resolution transmission electron microscope, energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy, and Brunauer–Emmett–Teller analyzer. Furthermore, the protocol for the quantification of DCF using MMIP-HPLC-PDA combo has been optimized by investigating the effect of the amount of MMIP, type and volume of eluent, and variation of pH. The optimized protocol suggested a method detection limit of 0.042 ng mL^−1 and linearity of results in the range 0.1–100 ng mL^−1 ( R ^2 = 0.99). The fabricated material offered recovery of DCF up to 96.38–99.46% from groundwater and pharmaceutical samples with a relative standard deviation of < 4%. In addition, the material was found selective and sensitive for DCF among its analogous drugs like mefenamic acid, ketoprofen, fenofibrate, aspirin, ibuprofen, and naproxen. Graphical abstract 
A novel ionic porous organic polymers catalysts were prepared and characterized by scanning electron microscopy, Brunner − Emmet − Teller measurements, fourier transform infrared spectroscopy and thermogravimetric analysis The characterization results showed that the synthesized catalyst was a porous polymer and had good heat stability. The catalytic performance of the catalyst was evaluated by synthesis of methacrolein from formaldehyde and propionaldehyde. The optimal reaction conditions were: the catalyst amount was 10%(wt%)of propionic aldehyde mass, the reaction temperature was 85 ℃, the reaction time was 1.5 h, the ratio of propionaldehyde and formaldehyde was 1:1.2. Under optimal condition, the conversion rate of propionaldehyde was up to 99.57% and the selectivity of methacrolein was 98.77%. The catalytic activity did not reduced obviously after being reused for 5 times. The reaction kinetics of synthesis of methacrolein was further studied. The results showed that the reaction order was 1.6, the activation energy was 50.28 kJ/mol and the pre-exponential factor was 4.17 × 10^7 (mol/L)^−1.456/s. Graphical Abstract 
Due to the long-term scouring of steam/water flooding, the water channels restricts the expansion of streamlines in the swept region. The formation of the main streamline, an inevitable and troublesome challenge during steam/water flooding, restrict the spread of the sweep region and the oil extraction in oil reservoirs. To realize the swept main streamlines adjustment (SA), well pattern adjustment (WPA) and polymer flooding (PF) are the mature technologies applied in the development of reservoir. The WAF and PF, as two kinds of oil extracting methods with different principles and operations, is difficult to directly verify the disturbance law to main streamlines in the same model or experimental physical field. Two-dimensional sand-packed model can elucidate the mechanism of WPA and PF for SA based on the direct processing of images and data analysis of production data. Through the oil–water distribution images from displacement experiment, the influence of viscous fingering generated by streamlines development can be obtained and described by the mathematical model to illustrate the relationship between penetration intensity and mobility ratio. In addition, the dynamic production data can reflect the change of flow resistance and water cut during the expansion of swept region. Based on observations of macro and micro perspectives, the experimental results show that the WPA greatly expands the coverage region of the streamlines, while PF makes the streamlines denser in the swept region. By comparing the distribution of streamlines between the two methods, the different shapes of streamlines are deeply influenced by the mobility ratio that determines the viscous fingering and the well pattern type. Finally, the adaptability of different methods for extracting the remaining oil is proposed. The WPA pays attention to improving the macro sweep efficiency outside the swept region. Meanwhile, the PF strategy pays more attention to improving the micro sweep efficiency in the swept region. The analysis of single-factor shows that viscous fingering has an obvious interference effect on the streamline morphology development, which highlights the meaning and importance of using the synergistic effect of WPA and PF to enhance oil recovery.
Composite materials primarily contribute to engineering applications. The increase in additive manufacturing technology has many advantages in the manufacturing of composite materials. This study aims to design and fabricate a tri-material structure (TMS) composed of a 3D-printed poly-lactic acid (PLA) lattice frame infilled with polyurethane foams (PUFs) reinforced with milled glass fibers (MGFs). The mechanical behavior of the fabricated composite samples was investigated and compared to the PLA lattice of the mono-material (MMS) and PLA/PUFs of the bi-material structure (BMS). The MGFs content in TMS was varied at 1.25, 2.5, 3.75, and 5 vol%. Tensile, compression, three-point bending, and shore hardness tests were performed to determine the mechanical properties of the composite structures. The results revealed that the TMS samples exhibited the most enhanced mechanical behavior owing to their effective dispersion and load transfer ability. Finally, helmet prototypes of TMS were fabricated, tested and compared with the helmet prototypes of MMS and BMS compositions using a compression test. Findings showed that the TMS samples with 3.75 vol% showed the most enhanced tensile yield stress (9.53 ± 0.52 MPa), compression yield stress (12.21 ± 0.18 MPa), and flexural stress (14.93 ± 0.34 MPa). However, the TMS samples with 5 vol% had the most improved Shore hardness (78.86 ± 3.28). Consequently, the helmet prototype of 3.75 vol% showed the most enhanced behavior with a compressive peak force of 2752.77 ± 53.63 N due to homogeneous dispersion of incorporated MGFs in matrix.
Acute pancreatitis (AP) is a common and potentially life-threatening inflammatory disease of the pancreas. Reactive oxygen species (ROS) play a key role in the occurrence and development of AP. With increasing ROS levels, the degree of oxidative stress and the severity of AP increase. However, diagnosing AP still has many drawbacks, including difficulties with early diagnosis and undesirable sensitivity and accuracy. Herein, we synthesized a semiconducting polymer nanoplatform (SPN) that can emit ROS-correlated chemiluminescence (CL) signals. The CL intensity increased in solution after optimization of the SPN. The biosafety of the SPN was verified in vitro and in vivo. The mechanism and sensitivity of the SPN for AP early diagnosis and severity assessment were evaluated in three groups of mice using CL intensity, serum marker evaluations and hematoxylin and eosin staining assessments. The synthetic SPN can be sensitively combined with different concentrations of ROS to produce different degrees of high-intensity CL in vitro and in vivo. Notably, the SPN shows an excellent correlation between CL intensity and AP severity. This nanoplatform represents a superior method to assess the severity of AP accurately and sensitively according to ROS related chemiluminescence signals. This research overcomes the shortcomings of AP diagnosis in clinical practice and provides a novel method for the clinical diagnosis of pancreatitis in the future.
The present-day electrochemistry education requires expertise in diverse branches of science and engineering, both from fundamental perspectives and industrial applications. The importance of non-equilibrium thermodynamics formalism and diverse phenomenological versions is pointed out for electron transfer processes at electrode surfaces and charge transport in redox polymer electrodes. The crucial role envisaged for students of mathematics and physics to make a substantial impact in modelling of electron transfer phenomena is highlighted. Graphical Abstract 
This work has been done in three steps. First, the preparation of acrylate monomers; they are [dimethyl-1,3-dioxoylan-4-yl-methylacrylate (sol-ketal acrylate) (SKA)], [4-acetylphenyl acrylate (APHA)], and [4-formyl-2-methoxyphenylacrylate (VA)]. All monomers were evaluated using ^1H, ^13C-NMR, and FT-IR. In the next step, two kinds of polymers were prepared. Two series of copolymers and terpolymers were carried out via the free-radical polymerization; SKA with the photo-cross-linker for poly (SKA- co -DMIAm) photo-cross-linker polymer and VA and APHA with N -isopropylacrylamide for poly (NIPA- co -VA- co -APHA) functional-thermo-responsive terpolymer. All fabricated polymers were investigated by (1H-NMR, FT-IR, UV, GPC, and DSC). The phase separation temperature of polymer solutions has been measured through the turbidity and the change in transmittance to the temperatures using UV–Vis spectroscopy. Eventually, the UV was used to form the gel layer after the deposition of the gold layer. The nonresponsive gel layer was grafted with poly (NIPA- co -VA- co -APHA) to optimize the upper layer to the thermo-responsive functional layer. SPR/OW measured the swelling properties of the gel layers. The active layer will immobilize biological molecules with the primary amine group. Graphical abstract The schematic diagram shows the steps of gel formation: The cross-linking initiated by UV; SPR/OW for film thickness; grafting for gel optimization.
Polymer gears have exhibited promising potential in power transmission due to their robust mechanical properties. However, expanding their use in power transmission requires the development of a reliable fault detection technique to minimize maintenance costs. Therefore, the primary aim of this study is to design, test, and compare the six different deep-learning models for the classification of the multiclass fault of polymer gears with minimum computational time. The proposed approach involves complete ensemble empirical mode decomposition with the adaptive noise (CEEMDAN) technique for getting an enhanced signal. Features extracted from the enhanced signal are fed to various design models for fault diagnosis. The result demonstrates that a maximum of 99.6% accuracy with 99.89% kappa and 99.6% F1-score could be achieved by hybrid long short-term memory and gated recurrent unit (LSTM-GRU) model with minimum computational time. The findings suggest that the proposed method has the potential to serve as an effective alternative for precise fault detection of gears.
Solar arrays are the primary energy source for spacecraft. Although traditional rigid solar arrays improve power supply, the quality increases proportionally. Hence, it is difficult to satisfy the requirements of high-power and low-cost space applications. In this study, a shape-memory polymer composite (SMPC) boom was designed, fabricated, and characterized for flexible reel-type solar arrays. The SMPC boom was fabricated from a smart material, a shape-memory polymer composite, whose mechanical properties were tested. Additionally, a mathematical model of the bending stiffness of the SMPC boom was developed, and the bending and buckling behaviors of the boom were further analyzed using the ABAQUS software. An SMPC boom was fabricated to demonstrate its shape memory characteristics, and the driving force of the booms with varying geometric parameters was investigated. We also designed and manufactured a reel-type solar array based on an SMPC boom and verified its self-deployment capability. The results indicated that the SMPC boom can be used as a deployable unit to roll out flexible solar arrays.
The hybridization of SiC filler and synthetic fiber in a polymer matrix composite has great potential to improve radiation shielding, strength, hardness, and thermal stability. In this work, SiC particle-filled Kevlar/Jute/Epoxy hybrid composite was fabricated using the hand-lay-up technique for the first instant. The effect of SiC filler was investigated in five different laminates (JKKJ-5%, JKKJ-10%, JKKJ-15%, JKKJ-20%, and JKKJ-25%) with varying SiC weight %. Properties like tensile, flexural, impact strength, thermal conductivity, and thermal resistance were analysed. Finally, the fractured specimen was analysed using scanning electron micrographs. The tensile, flexural, and impact strength was maximum for JKKJ-10%, JKKJ-5%, and JKKJ-25% specimens, respectively. Increased SiC filler reduced the thermal conductivity and improved the thermal resistance to 20 filler wt %. The SEM fracture morphology revealed that fiber pull-out, fiber failure, micro voids due to air entrapment, entrapped bubbles, and out-off-plane shear failure were the majorly observed failure mechanism. Considering all the fabricated Kevlar/Jute/SiC/Epoxy laminates, the JKKJ-10% specimen showed the best average mechanical and thermal properties.
In order to solve the problem of poor interfacial bonding between the smooth and inert basalt fibers (BFs) and the polyamide 6 (PA6) matrix, carboxylated carbon nanotubes (CNTs) were modified onto the surface of BFs using a simple, environmentally friendly, continuously processable, and non-damaging fiber skeleton sizing method via water-soluble polyurethane dispersion. It was found that the highly chemically active carboxylated CNTs were uniformly dispersed on the surface of BFs with adjustable surface roughness and wettability. With enhanced interfacial bonding effect between the BFs and PA6 matrix by surface sizing of 1.5 g/L CNTs, the tensile strength and tensile modulus of the BF-reinforced composites were improved by about 17.5% and 32.6%, and the flexural strength and flexural modulus increased by about 36.0% and 62.5%, with a higher storage modulus and lower loss factor. With the sizing modification of CNTs, the friction and wear reduction properties of the BF-reinforced PA6 composites were also enhanced, and the wear resistance improvement was up to 40.5%. The introduction of CNTs could make a tight bond between the BFs and PA6 matrix to bear frictional shear damage and produce small size abrasive chips. The CNT sizing–modified BF-reinforced PA6 composites presented shallow and narrow 3D wear surface with low surface roughness parameters. The roughened and activated BFs may form a mechanically engaging interface with the polymer matrix molecular chain segments, which could bear more shear damage and relieve the fatigue wear and adhesive wear for the CNT sizing–modified BF-reinforced composites. The above simple and effective strategies and research laws for enhancing interfacial bonding could promote wider applications of BF-reinforced polymer composites in lightweight and high strength, friction and wear reduction, and high temperature resistance.
A novel and facile continuous flow photopolymerization of Pickering emulsion procedure to fabricate nanoporous composite microspheres was induced. Palygorskite (PAL) fibers were chosen as stabilizers in oil phase system that containing of Methyl methacrylate (MMA), (ethylene glycol) diacrylate (EGDMA), Irgacure 819 (I 819, photoinitiator) and toluene (porogenic agent). The influence of PAL concentration to the emulsion stabilities and the morphologies of produced microspheres have been fully investigated. It was observed that in the presence of 1.5 wt% PAL fibers, the formed pickering emulsion provided best conditions to obtain polymerized porous microspheres. Furthermore, N_2 adsorption-desorption isotherms characterization revealed a specific BET surface area of 171 m^2/g of the resultant microspheres, which suggested the great potential applications of such methodology. Suitable polymerization flow rate is one of the other key parameters to result PMMA/PAL composite microspheres. Additionally, the formation mechanism of the microsphere as well as its porosity has been discussed.
Peripheral nerve injury (PNI) often clinically relies on the use of nerve grafts taken from the patient to establish a therapeutic effect, though secondary site of injury and morbidity have prompted the medical community to find alternative solutions. A new trend in the development of biomaterials arises in the form of electro-conductive biomaterials, especially for electrically active tissues such as the peripheral nerves. In this work, novel poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene) PEDOT nanoparticles (PEDOT NPs) were synthetized via the mini-emulsion method and were combined with silk fibroin (SF) to create conduits for PNI repair. The synthesized PEDOT NPs-loaded SF conduits showed optimal properties for peripheral nerve substitution from the physico-chemical and biological point of view. They displayed excellent mechanical and conductivity performance with the tensile moduli reaching 6.61 ± 0.55 MPa and the conduits reaching 5.4 · 10^–4 S cm^−1, respectively. The conduits did not possess apatite-forming capacity, which were resistant to bending occlusions for angles up to 50° and to suturing. The developed conduits are promising as a novel biomaterial for applications in peripheral nerve regeneration; in vitro experiments showed that they did not allow BJ fibroblast infiltration, avoiding scar tissue formation in the lumen, and they did not show any toxic effect for Schwann cells.
A photoelectrochemical molecular imprinting sensor based on Au/TiO_2 nanocomposite was constructed for the detection of dibutyl phthalate. Firstly, TiO_2 nanorods were grown on fluorine-doped tin oxide substrate by hydrothermal method. Then, gold nanoparticles were electrodeposited on TiO_2 to fabricate Au/TiO_2. Finally, molecular imprinted polymer was electropolymerized on the Au/TiO_2 surface to construct MIP/Au/TiO_2 PEC sensor for DBP. The conjugation effect of MIP accelerates the electron transfer between TiO_2 and MIP, which can greatly improve the photoelectric conversion efficiency and sensitivity of the sensor. In addition, MIP can also provide sites for highly selective recognition of dibutyl phthalate molecules. Under optimal experimental conditions, the prepared photoelectrochemical sensor was used for the quantitative determination of DBP and the results showed a wide linear range (50 to 500 nM), a low limit of detection (0.698 nM), and good selectivity. The sensor was used in a study of real water samples to show that it has promising applications in environmental analysis. Graphical Abstract 
This article uses a mesoporous organic polymer monolithic template embedded with nanosheets of aurivillius oxide, i.e., Bi_2MoO_6 (BMO), as a visible light harvesting photocatalyst, for the photocatalytic dissipating for persistent organic pollutants. FE-SEM, EDAX, HR-TEM, SAED, p-XRD, UV–Vis-DRS, FT-IR, PLS, BET/BJH, and XPS analysis were performed to characterize the structural and surface morphological features of the new-age photocatalyst. The unique properties of BMO nanocomposite and a specific quantity (0.75 g) of its integration onto a translucent polymer monolith bring an innovative approach to heterogeneous photocatalysis, with photocatalytic properties far superior and more efficient than non-benign conventional methodologies. The impact of physicochemical parameters such as solution pH, photocatalyst amount, light intensity, pollutant concentration, and oxidizer dosage was evaluated to optimize the process efficacy. The BMO-0.75 dispersed polymer monolith offers superior visible light absorption and voluminous photoactive sites for the dissipation of Reactive Brown-10 (RB-10; ≥ 99.4%) and ciprofloxacin (CIP; ≥ 98.7%) at an optimized solution pH (1.0 and 6.0), photocatalyst dosage (50 and 40 mg), and photoadditives (1.0 mM KBrO_3 and 1.0 mM H_2O_2), for RB-10 (15 ppm) and CIP (20 ppm), respectively, in ≤ 0.3 h of irradiation, using 300 W/cm^2 tungsten lamp. The photocatalyst is reusable for several cycles without loss in efficiency and is efficient in decontaminating persistent organic pollutants at an affordable cost and time. Graphical abstract 
Epoxy is widely used material, but epoxy has limitations in terms of brittleness in failure, and thus researchers explore toughening and strengthening options such as adding a second phase or using electromagnetic fields to tailor toughness and strength, on demand and nearly instantaneously. Such approach falls into the category of active toughening but has not been extensively investigated. In this research, Si-BaTiO_3 nanoparticles were used to modify the electro-mechanical properties of a high-performance aerospace-grade epoxy so as to study its response to electric fields, specifically low field strengths. To promote uniform dispersion and distribution, the Si-BaTiO_3 nanoparticles were functionalised with silane coupling agents and mixed in the epoxy Araldite LY1564 at different content loads (1, 5, 10 wt%), which was then associated with its curing agent Aradur 3487. Real-time measurements were conducted using Raman spectroscopy while applying electric fields to the nanocomposite specimens. The Raman data showed a consistent trend of increasing intensity and peak broadening under the increasing electric field strength and Si-BaTiO_3 contents. This was attributed to the BaTiO_3 particles’ dipolar displacement in the high-content nanocomposites (i.e., 5 wt% and 10 wt%). The study offers valuable insights on how electric field stimulation can actively enhance the mechanical properties in epoxy composites, specifically in relatively low fields and thin, high-aspect-ratio composite layers which would require in-situ mechanical testing equipped with electric field application, an ongoing investigation of the current research.
Two series of terpolymers with improved photostability were realized by the introduction of appropriate ratio of antioxidant butylated hydroxytoluene unit containing side chains. All-polymer solar cells and organic photodetectors (OPDs) with these terpolymers as both donors and acceptors have been prepared with simultaneously improved efficiency and stability. A feasible approach to develop terpolymers with antioxidant efficacy for improving the lifetime of organic solar cells and OPDs is proposed. It is of vital importance to improve the long-term and photostability of organic photovoltaics, including organic solar cells (OSCs) and organic photodetectors (OPDs), for their ultimate industrialization. Herein, two series of terpolymers featuring with an antioxidant butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT)-terminated side chain, PTzBI-EHp-BTBHTx and N2200-BTBHTx ( x  = 0.05, 0.1, 0.2), are designed and synthesized. It was found that incorporating appropriate ratio of benzothiadiazole (BT) with BHT side chains on the conjugated backbone would induce negligible effect on the molecular weight, absorption spectra and energy levels of polymers, however, which would obviously enhance the photostability of these polymers. Consequently, all-polymer solar cells (all-PSCs) and photodetectors were fabricated, and the all-PSC based on PTzBI-EHp-BTBHT0.05: N2200 realized an optimal power conversion efficiency (PCE) approaching ~ 10%, outperforming the device based on pristine PTzBI-EHp: N2200. Impressively, the all-PSCs based on BHT-featuring terpolymers displayed alleviated PCEs degradation under continuous irradiation for 300 h due to the improved morphological and photostability of active layers. The OPDs based on BHT-featuring terpolymers achieved a lower dark current at − 0.1 bias, which could be stabilized even after irradiation over 400 h. This study provides a feasible approach to develop terpolymers with antioxidant efficacy for improving the lifetime of OSCs and OPDs.
Microplastics (MPs) are pollutants of emerging concern that have been reported in terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems as well as in food items. The increasing production and use of plastic materials have led to a rise in MP pollution in aquatic ecosystems. This review aimed at providing an overview of the abundance and distribution of MPs in riverine ecosystems and the potential effects posed on macroinvertebrates. Microplastics in riverine ecosystems are reported in all regions, with less research in Africa, South America, and Oceania. The abundance and distribution of MPs in riverine ecosystems are mainly affected by population density, economic activities, seasons, and hydraulic regimes. Ingestion of MPs has also been reported in riverine macroinvertebrates and has been incorporated in caddisflies cases. Further, bivalves and chironomids have been reported as potential indicators of MPs in aquatic ecosystems due to their ability to ingest MPs relative to environmental concentration. Fiber and fragments are the most common types reported. Meanwhile, polyethylene, polypropylene, polystyrene, polyethylene terephthalate (polyester), polyamide, and polyvinyl chloride are the most common polymers. These MPs are from materials/polymers commonly used for packaging, shopping/carrier bags, fabrics/textiles, and construction. Ingestion of MPs by macroinvertebrates can physically harm and inhibit growth, reproduction, feeding, and moulting, thus threatening their survival. In addition, MP ingestion can trigger enzymatic changes and cause oxidative stress in the organisms. There is a need to regulate the production and use of plastic materials, as well as disposal of the wastes to reduce MP pollution in riverine ecosystems.
Two approaches based on gamma scattering technique (GST) and gamma transmission technique (GTT) have been devised and evaluated for measuring the density of polymers. The approach consists of combining Monte Carlo simulation and experimental data to determine the polymer density. The reliability of the proposed approaches is verified by experimental measurements with nine different polymers. The average relative deviation between the measured and the reference densities is under 2% for both two approaches. For the uncertainty of measured density, the GST yields better results with an average relative uncertainty of 1.61%, while this value for the GTT is 5.67%.
Using chemical additives such as ordinary Portland cement is conventional for ground improvement purposes. Still, there are specific situations that require innovative solutions because the employment of traditional binders may lead to unpleasant issues. Organic polymers emerge as an option to deal with those drawbacks whilst promoting enhancements in the material’s mechanical response. Thus, the present study uses polyester [poly(glycerol isophthalate)], whose main source of raw material is glycerol, an abundant by-product derived from biodiesel production, in the improvement of uniform quartzitic sand. Thence, a series of mechanical tests were carried out on compacted sand-polymer-cement blends to evaluate the effect of variables such as polymer content, amount of cement, and curing temperature through a central composite design scheme. This enables the assessment of first and second-order effects as well as the curvature of the evaluated responses. In general, the polymer addition has led to substantial enhancement in the material’s response, particularly concerning the decrease in hydraulic conductivity. This highlights the usefulness of this polymer for geotechnical and geoenvironmental applications.
The presence of gallol units in a macromolecule entails specific or improved characteristics and intrinsic properties of the macromolecule. The rationale behind such spin-offs is indubitably the structural fact of the gallol group, being 1,2,3-trihydroxybenzene. Pyrogallol (PG), gallic acid (GA), tannic acid (TA), and epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) would be of a great value once they are parts of a polymer integrity, and, being naturally occurring molecules, the value would certainly rise further. The gallic molecule imputed to the polymer conjugate higher antioxidant and antimicrobial activities, particularly in form of hydrogels and nanoparticles. As with catechol units in marine-inspired materials, the gallol ones of a conjugate ensure its adhesiveness on multiple substrata in a wet environment, and more efficiently than the catechol counterpart. PG and GA were mostly polymerized via oxidative polymerization as: self-polymerization and electrochemical/enzymatic polymerization. In several cases, the radical polymerization of some protected vinylgallol-containing monomers ended up with gallol-bearing polymers after deprotection. Some gallol monomers are prone to copolymerize with vinyl comonomers such as divinylbenzene, and to polycondensate with aldehydes such as formaldehyde and benzaldehydes, and others such as polyamines. Polycondensation of tannic acid (TA) and triethylenetetramine via Michael addition reaction is but one example. The third route to realize gallol-containing polymers is to chemically functionalize or conjugate the premade polymers with gallolic molecules (PG, GA, EGCG, TA) under conventional or special chemistry. Graphical Abstract 
Surface roughness is gaining increasing recognition in the processing design methods of additive manufacturing (AM) due to its role in many critical applications. This impact extends not only to various AM product manufacturing but also to indirect applications, such as molding and casting. This review article discusses the role of processing on the surface roughness of AM-printed polymers with limited post-processing by summarizing recent advances. This review offers a benchmark for surface quality improvement of AM processes, considering the surface roughness of polymeric parts. For this purpose, it lists and analyzes the key processes and various printing parameters used to monitor and adjust surface roughness under given constraints. Four AM techniques for manufacturing polymeric parts are compared: fused filament fabrication (FFF), selective laser sintering (SLS), vat photopolymerization (VPP), and material jetting (MJT). A review and discussion of recent studies are presented, along with the most critical process parameters that affect surface roughness for the selected AM techniques. To assist in selecting the most appropriate method of 3D printing, comparable research summaries are presented. The outcome is a detailed survey of current techniques, process parameters, roughness ranges, and their applicability in achieving surface quality improvement in as-printed polymers.
In the current work two models has been utilized to determine ion transport parameters. Solid polymer electrolytes (SPEs) are prepared with chitosan (CS), poly(vinyl alcohol) (PVA) for blending, sodium chloride (NaCl) salt, and glycerol with solution cast method by varying the glycerol from (10 to 40) wt%. EIS tests are used to measure the conductivity of ions of the samples and the CSPVNAIG4 system has maximum conductivity of 3.1 × 10^–5 S cm^−1. The systems non-Debye behavior is proved by the depressed semicircles of EIS and asymmetry of tan ϕ plots. The relaxation time ( τ _r) for the samples are decreased with loading glycerol and the CSPVNAIG4 has the least τ _r of 2.41 × 10^–6 s. Transport parameters (number density ( n ), mobility ( μ ), viscosity ( η ), and diffusion coefficient ( D ) of ions) are measured by two methods (Bandara–Mellander (B.-M.) and EIS) and compared agreeably and it is also consistent with the ions conductivity results. Both dielectric constant and loss (ε′ and ε′′) are high and low at the low- and high-frequency (fr) window, respectively. Ion species are the majority in the CSPVNAIG4 film as measured by TNM.
MXenes have been received considerable attention because of their particular physical and chemical properties in recent. In this work, a novel poly(ionic liquid)/MXene gel polymer electrolyte (PIL/MXene GPE) based on 1-vinyl-3-ethylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate ionic liquid, Ti_3C_2T_x MXene, and ethylene glycol diacrylate was prepared by a one–step radiation method. The PIL/MXene GPE exhibited good ionic conductivity, thermal stability, and excellent mechanical strength. The maximum compression resistance could reach 59.97 MPa. In addition, the supercapacitor based on the PIL/MXene GPE showed good electrochemical performances and high stability. The specific capacitance retention could reach about 93.02% even over 300 charge–discharge cycles. Based on the above research, the designed PIL/MXene GPE will open a new window and provide an important enlightenment for synthesis and application of the gel polymer electrolytes in future.
In this work, the thermoforming potential of PS/perlite composites was investigated. Compositions with amounts of 10% and 20% of the mineral filler were processed in a twin-screw extruder with two different screw configuration profiles, followed by compression molding. The influence of perlite content and screw configuration profiles on the flow behavior and heat capacity of the composites was evaluated through morphological, rheological, and thermal properties. The micrographs indicated that most of the perlite broke during the processing and the ones that remained intact were not bigger than 50 µm. The rheological assessment and the evaluation were decisive for the thermoforming properties characterization. The most pronounced elastic behavior identified for the composite processed in low shear conditions and with higher perlite content (P(20%wt)2:2), even in the fragments form, indicated that this composite was the one with the highest potential thermoforming. The low heat capacity value identified for P(20%wt)2:2 composite when compared to the neat-PS:2:2 reinforced that this was the most suitable composite for thermoforming considering its rapid cooling capability after molded.
Photocatalysis is seen as a viable alternative to treating water pollution, due to its flexibility, low cost, and ability to use visible light which is a plentiful and free energy source. Hence, determining the topics of interest and widening collaboration networks will go a long way in improving research in this field. In this study, we aimed to analyze the global research trends on the usage of photocatalysis for wastewater treatment using bibliometric analysis, centered on the outputs of publications, co-authorships, countries of affiliation, and author’s keyword co-occurrences. Bibliometric analysis is a review method that is well-known and more conversant to Social Science. Employing it in Physical Science, which is rarely seen, will provide an avenue and yet another method of determining common research topics as well as the potential opportunities and future research in the field. A potential hybrid review paper of great importance to future research in the area will be produced. A total of 1373 articles published within 27 years between 1993 and 2020 were extracted from the Scopus database. In the beginning, less attention was given to the said topic, because after the oldest article was published in 1993, there was no record of other publications until after 5 years (1998). However, from 2002 there was a growing interest in research in that field, with a cumulative increase every year to date, except for a few years with fewer publications. Meanwhile, the number of publications has risen significantly from 2017 to 2020, with an increase of more than 70 publications every year; this is expected to increase rapidly in the coming years. Recently researchers are focusing on developing efficient photocatalysts for contaminants of emerging concern, like pharmaceutical and refinery wastewater, however, the usage of conducting polymers to produce nanocomposite which was found to be very effective is still lagged in wastewater treatment, as such it will be a good area of future research on effective photocatalysts for wastewater treatment.
In recent years, research has focused on developing polymers from agricultural waste, and jackfruit waste has been identified as a potential source. The utilization of Jackfruit (Artocarpus heterophyllus) waste for making value-added polymers is an innovative approach to reduce environmental pollution and create a sustainable environment. The edible part of jackfruit consists of only 40% of the whole fruit while other 60% goes to waste as non-edible part of the fruit. Jackfruit waste in mainly distributed into three parts which are seed, peel and latex respectively. Jackfruit waste is a significant source of cellulose and starch, which can be converted into various high-value products through different chemical and biochemical processes. The resulting value-added polymers have numerous applications in various fields, including packaging, textiles, and biomedical engineering. They exhibit good mechanical properties, thermal stability, and biodegradability, making them a promising alternative to conventional petroleum-based polymers. Considering the large volume of jackfruit production (> 500,000 metric tons pa in six countries), this waste can become feedstock for making new polymeric materials. Circular economy practices along with environmental protection are the need of modern world. This review covers the characterization of different parts of jackfruit waste and its utilization in making lightweight polymer composites.
Nickel nanoparticle–decorated reduced graphene oxide nanocomposites (NiG) were prepared by a one-step microwave-assisted solvothermal method. The as-prepared NiG nanocomposite systems were further heated up to 800 °C under an inert atmosphere (named NiG-800) to modify their structural and electromagnetic properties. Thereafter, these developed NiG-800 nanocomposite systems of rGO and nickel nanoparticles (25 wt.%) were applied as nanofillers (50 wt.% and 70 wt.%) in a SEBS (Polystyrene- block -poly(ethylene- ran -butylene)- block -polystyrene) polymer matrix to create NiG-800(50)-SEBS and NiG-800(70)-SEBS nanocomposites. The addition of NiG-800 to SEBS led to an increase of Young’s modulus from 16 (SEBS) to 35 MPa (NiG-800(70)-SEBS) while the maximum elongation is still around 300%. The developed NiG-800(70)-SEBS nanocomposite exhibited high-performance electromagnetic wave absorption (minimum reflection loss RL_min ≈ –48.2 dB at 9.29 GHz) at a low thickness of 2.3 mm in the frequency range of 8.2−12.4 GHz. The prepared NiG-800(70)-SEBS nanocomposite has the potential of an electromagnetic wave absorber. The NiG-800(70)-SEBS nanocomposite reported here has total shielding efficiency > 10 dB at a thickness of 1 mm in the whole frequency range (X-band) with reflection ≈ 50% and absorption ≈ 40% which has the potential for electromagnetic wave absorber applications.
Bioactive materials interact with cells and modulate their characteristics which enable the generation of cell-based products with desired specifications. However, their evaluation and impact are often overlooked when establishing a cell therapy manufacturing process. In this study, we investigated the role of different surfaces for tissue culture including, untreated polystyrene surface, uncoated Cyclic Olefin Polymer (COP) and COP coated with collagen and recombinant fibronectin. It was observed that human mesenchymal stromal cells (hMSCs) expanded on COP-coated plates with different bioactive materials resulted in improved cell growth kinetics compared to traditional polystyrene plates and non-coated COP plates. The doubling time obtained was 2.78 and 3.02 days for hMSC seeded in COP plates coated with collagen type I and recombinant fibronectin respectively, and 4.64 days for cells plated in standard polystyrene treated plates. Metabolite analysis reinforced the findings of the growth kinetic studies, specifically that cells cultured on COP plates coated with collagen I and fibronectin exhibited improved growth as evidenced by a higher lactate production rate (9.38 × 10^5 and 9.67 × 10^5 pmol/cell/day, respectively) compared to cells from the polystyrene group (5.86 × 10^5 pmol/cell/day). This study demonstrated that COP is an effective alternative to polystyrene-treated plates when coated with bioactive materials such as collagen and fibronectin, however COP-treated plates without additional coatings were found not to be sufficient to support cell growth. These findings demonstrate the key role biomaterials play in the cell manufacturing process and the importance of optimising this selection.
To overcome the limitations of low conductivity and poor stability of metal–organic framework materials (MOFs) used in flexible supercapacitors, a high-performance flexible electrode material has been prepared by combining the conductive polymer poly (3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrene sulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) with a cobalt and nickel bimetallic organic framework (Co/Ni-MOF). The optimal formula of the fabricated MOF-based electrode material was determined by screening tests of different metal pairwise combinations and the tuning of mutual ratios. The characterizations of x-ray diffraction (XRD), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) with energy-dispersive x-ray spectroscopy (EDS) indicated that PEDOT:PSS wraps around the surface of Co/Ni-MOF and encapsulates it internally, which helps to increase the electrochemical surface active area between ions/electrons and the electrolyte, consequently forming a high-performance complex called PEDOT:PSS@Co/Ni-MOF in a homogeneous crystal consistent with that of Co/Ni-MOF. In the presence of PEDOT:PSS, the specific capacitance was up to 860.5 F g^−1, which is 366.5 F g^−1 higher than that of Co/Ni-MOF without PEDOT:PSS at the same current density of 494 F g^−1. The electrode assembled from PEDOT:PSS@Co/Ni-MOF has a very high energy density of 38.24 Wh kg^−1, while its power density is as high as 402.06 W kg^−1. Broadly, the combination of conductive polymer and MOFs can improve the capacitance performance, electrical conductivity, and tensile properties of the MOFs, which provides a promising new strategy to improve the capacitance performance of metal–organic framework materials, and can be extended to other metallic oxide materials. Graphical Abstract 
The mixed ion composite polymer electrolytes (MICPE) based on polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) complexed with different volumes of sodium perchlorate (NaClO_4) and lithium perchlorate (LiClO_4) salts were prepared by using solution cast technique. X-ray diffraction analysis confirmed the amorphicity of the sample. FTIR spectroscopy was used to characterize the structure of polymer which confirms the polymer and salt complex formation. The ionic conductivity of the sample electrolyte was found in the range of 10^−2–10^−4 S/cm at room temperature. The electrochemical potential window of the demonstrated samples was explored by Cyclic voltammetry (CV) and Linear sweep voltammetry (LSV) techniques. Differential scanning calorimetry was used to determine the glass transition temperatures of pure PVA and PVA doped with salts and plasticizer ethylene carbonate complexed films. Electrical conductivity was measured using ac impedance analyzer in the frequency range 10^1–10^6 Hz using AC impedance spectra on 10 mV applied voltage. The increase in the magnitude of electrical conductivity was observed with incorporation of plasticizer. The surface morphology and microstructural studies of synthesized samples were investigated using Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM). The elemental analysis of the samples was done from Energy-Dispersive X-ray Spectrometer (EDX) pattern graph.
Despite the advantages of organocatalysts, the preparation of high-molecular-weight polylactide using organocatalysts remains as a challenge probably due to the transesterification or back-biting side reactions at low catalyst and initiator loadings. In this contribution, a series of organobases and ureas were combined as binary catalysts and screened for the ROP of lactide. The bisurea as the co-catalyst exhibited higher catalytic activity while remaining good controllability over the polymerization compared to the monourea. The controlled ROP of l -lactide was achieved by judiciously chosen of suitable combination of organobase and bisurea. Well-defined polylactides bearing various terminal groups were prepared using different alcohols as initiators. Remarkably, a high-molecular-weight PLA sample with a M _n up to 73.8 kDa was obtained at a low catalyst loading of 0.05 mol% relative to the monomer, which exhibited good mechanical properties that comparable to the commercial PLA.
The efficient extraction of lipid species in plasma was developed for quick sample preparation and accurate lipid analysis, using spin column with superabsorbent polymer beads (SAP), as the improvement of previous SAP method reported before. The modified SAP (mSAP) method is composed of simple steps, including sample loading, swelling, solvent addition, centrifugation, and drying of the resulting lipid solution. The mSAP method offers several advantages over the conventional and the previous SAP methods for lipid analysis in plasma sample. The mSAP method was approximately 10 times faster than the modified Folch protocol (Matyash method), methyl- tert -butyl ether based extraction method. The mSAP method offered an excellent recovery rate for most all major classes in the lipid standard mixture, outperforming the Matyash method. The limit of detection (LOD) of 1,2-diheptadecanoyl- sn -glycero-3-phophocholine (PC 17:0/17:0) spiking in plasma by the mSAP method is about seven times lower than those of the conventional methods. The relative standard deviation (RSD) values for inter- and intra-day variability of the mSAP method over a 5-day period were significantly lower than those of the previous SAP and Matyash methods. The mSAP method has been shown to be more time-saving, sensitive, reproducible and reliable, as evidence by its faster processing time, lower LOD, lower RSD values and high recovery rate for different lipid classes. Overall, these findings suggest that this method may be a promising approach for the application of total lipid analysis in lipidomic research in future.
Electrospraying uses electric potential differences for nanoparticles formation, thus, the objective of the study was to evaluate the production of nanoparticles with açai anthocyanins using the electrospraying method. The process parameters found were feeding rate of 250 µL h^−1, distance between capillary and collector of 15 cm, capillary diameter of 0.45 mm and electrical potential of 20 kV, at controlled temperature of 20 ± 2 °C and relative humidity of 50 ± 2%. To the maltodextrin nanoparticles were added 3% (v/v) of açaí anthocyanin extract (previously tested maximum concentration that produced nanoparticles). The nanoparticles were characterized by thermogravimetric analysis (TGA), Fourier transform spectroscopy (FTIR), nanoencapsulation efficiency (%EE), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and antioxidant analysis (ABTS and DPPH). Then, the nanoparticles were characterized, which showed diameters around 117 ± 48 nm, nanoencapsulation efficiency 73% and the maltodextrin nanoparticles with anthocyanins showed 54% and 34% inhibition of the DPPH and ABTS radical, respectively. With TEM it was possible to visualize the compound of interest in the inner part of the nanosphere and the protection of the maltodextrin in the outer part. With the results found, it is possible to state that the electrospray technology is efficient for the production of maltodextrin nanoparticles with açaí anthocyanins, which can be used in powdered foods with the nutritional appeal of antioxidants.
Bithiopheneimide (BTI) has been one of the most important electron-deficient building blocks for semiconducting polymers in polymer solar cells (PSCs) and organic field-effect transistors (OFETs). A novel bithiopheneimide (BTI) unit and its homopolymer with sulfur atoms in a different relative position from the published isomers were synthesized in a high yield. Electrophilic bromination of the BTI with liquid bromine reacts slowly with a dramatically changed regioselectivity (preferentially at 4-H of thiophene) because the intramolecular hydrogen bond stabilized the 4-substitution intermediate. The homopolymer exhibits good thermal stability, a strong UV-vis absorption, high HOMO/LUMO energy levels (-6.18/-3.10 eV), and a wide bandgap (3.1 eV). Compared with the published isomers, the novel BTI unit and homopolymer both exhibit similar HOMOs, considerably rising LUMOs, and increasing bandgaps, suggesting that heteroatom relative position engineering primarily influences LUMO level and bandgap with minor effects on the HOMO level.
Hydrogel-like structures are responsible for the low friction experienced by our joints when we walk or by our eyelids when we blink. At low loads, hydrogel contacts show extremely low friction that rises with velocity beyond a threshold speed. Here we combine mesoscopic simulations and experiments to test the polymer-relaxation hypothesis for this velocity dependence, where a velocity-dependent regime emerges when the perturbation of interfacial polymer chains occurs faster than their relaxation at high velocity. Our simulations quantitatively match the experimental findings, with a friction coefficient that rises with velocity to some power of order unity in the velocity-dependent regime. We show that the velocity-dependent regime is characterized by reorientation and stretching of polymer chains in the direction of shear, leading to an entropic stress that can be quantitatively related to the shear response. The detailed exponent of the power law in the velocity-dependent regime depends on how chains interact: We observe a power close to 1/2 for chains that can stretch, while pure reorientation leads to a power of unity. These results show that the friction of hydrogel interfaces can be engineered by tuning the morphology of near-surface chains.
Polymer-lipid hybrid nanoparticles (PLHNs) have been widely used as a vehicle for carrying anticancer owing to its unique framework of polymer and lipid combining and giving the maximum advantages over the lipid and polymer nanoparticle drug delivery system. Surface modification of PLHNs aids in improved targeting and active delivery of the encapsulated drug. Therefore, surface modification of the PLHNs with the cell-penetrating peptide is explored by many researchers and is explained in this review. Cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs) are made up of few amino acid sequence and act by disrupting the cell membrane and transferring the cargos into the cell. Ideally, we can say that CPPs are peptide chains which are cell specific and are biocompatible, noninvasive type of delivery vehicle which can transport siRNA, protein, peptides, macromolecules, pDNA, etc. into the cell effectively. Therefore, this review focuses on the structure, type, and method of preparation of PLHNs also about the uptake mechanism of CPPs and concludes with the therapeutic application of PLHNs surface modified with the CPPs and their theranostics. Graphical Abstract 
Rare earth elements (RRE), due to their unique magnetic, electrical, and optical properties, are an important group of elements demanded in many application areas from machine technology to the health industry. In this study, new composites were obtained by mixing Erbium oxide (Er_2O_3), one of the rare earth element oxides, into PCL–PEG blend, which is also an important material group, in different ratios. The characteristic functional groups of the obtained polymer blend/Er_2O_3 nanocomposites were determined by the ATR-IR, and as the erbium oxide ratio increased, characteristic peaks of the polymers in the blend as well as characteristic signals of the Er–O–Er bond were found. When the thermal behavior of the obtained composites was examined, it was observed that the polymer blend exhibited miscible blend properties and the melting temperature of the polymer blend increased as the Er_2O_3 ratio increased. In addition, it was determined that the thermal stability of the composite increased significantly. X-ray measurements of composites at room temperature support other measurement results. It was determined that the presence of Er-RRE oxide increased the crystal structure feature in the polymer blend composite. Gamma radiation shielding capabilities of polymer materials containing different erbium ratios were investigated by calculating shielding parameters such as half value layer (HVL), radiation protection efficiency (RPE), and mean free path (MFP). Cs-137 and Co-60 radioactive sources were used as gamma sources. According to the obtained measurement results, Erbium oxide increased the absorption property of the polymer composite material. Graphical abstract 
Polymers are widely employed in many areas, e.g. transport, packaging, electronic devices, etcetera. Among them, acrylonitrile–butadiene–styrene (ABS) is one of the most employed polymers due to its mechanical properties, its ease to mechanize and recyclability. Nevertheless, according to the fire properties, ABS behaviour is usually worse than other polymers, therefore, they have to be upgraded with flame retardant additives. To characterize the fire behaviour of a certain material is necessary to address several typology of tests, providing relevant properties such as thermal conductivity, flammability and heat released. However, researchers may not always be able to run all tests due to the lack of apparatus or samples. Therefore, it is necessary to seek bibliographic sources. As one might expect, for a given material, the property values should be similar, regardless of who performs the test. However, sometimes slightly different results are obtained, which may be due to different causes, such as differences in test set-up and in material composition/manufacture. These differences in properties may lead researcher to doubt which data to use. This paper presents the results of different types of tests using neat ABS polymer. Additionally, these results are compared with the data from literature, discussing the similarities/differences and offering a more comprehensive characterization of ABS. The laboratory techniques included in this work are: thermogravimetric analysis, differential scanning calorimetry, laser flash analysis, smoke density, cone calorimeter, fire propagation and flammability.
The AC electrical properties of EVA- and NBR-based composites filled with different conductive fillers were investigated. Result shows several magnitudes of increment in AC electrical conductivity and dielectric permittivity after the addition of these conductive fillers, indicating that these materials can be used as supercapacitors. The magnitude of increment was varied according to polymer and filler types. Herein, we also have tested the applicability of different sigmoidal models to find out the percolation threshold value of permittivity for these binary polymer composite systems. It is observed that except sigmoidal–Boltzmann and sigmoidal–dose–response models, other sigmoidal models exhibit different values of percolation threshold when considered for any particular polymer composite system. The paper discusses the variation in results of percolation threshold with an emphasis on the advantages, disadvantages and limitations of these models. We also have applied the classical percolation theory to predict the percolation threshold of permittivity and compared with all the reported sigmoidal models. To judge the unanimous acceptability of these models, they tested vis-à-vis the permittivity results of various polymer composites reported in published literature. To comprehend, all the models except the sigmoidal–logistic-1 model were successfully applicable for predicting the percolation threshold of permittivity for polymer composites.
A dual-mode electrochemical sensor was fabricated for carbendazim (CBD) detection. Biomass-derived carbon loaded gold nanoparticles (AuNPs/BC) were firstly coated on a glassy carbon electrode (GCE), and then molecularly imprinted polymer (MIP) of o-aminophenol was prepared on the resulting AuNPs/BC/GCE through electrochemical method in the presence of CBD. The AuNPs/BC had excellent conductivity, large surface and good electrocatalysis, while the imprinted film presented good recognition. Thus, the obtained MIP/AuNPs/BC/GCE exhibited sensitive current response to CBD. Furthermore, the sensor displayed good impedance response to CBD. Hence, a dual-mode detection platform for CBD was established. Under optimum conditions, the linear response ranges were as wide as 1.0 nM − 15 μM (by differential pulse voltammetry, DPV) and 1.0 nM − 10 μM (by electrochemical impedance spectroscopy, EIS), and the detection limits for these two methods were as low as 0.30 nM (S/N = 3) and 0.24 nM (S/N = 3), respectively. The sensor also had high selectivity, stability and reproducibility. The sensor was applied to detect CBD in spiked real samples, including cabbage, peach, apple and lake water, and the recoveries were 85.8–108% (by DPV) and 91.4–110% (by EIS); the relative standard deviations (RSD) were 3.4–5.3% (by DPV) and 3.7–5.1% (by EIS), respectively. The results were consistent with that obtained by high-performance liquid chromatography. Therefore, this sensor is a simple and effective tool for CBD detection, and it has good application potential. Graphical Abstract 
One of the promising directions in the field of creating new composite materials is the development of composites based on conductive polyaniline. In this work, synthesis of polyaniline was carried out in the presence of nanosized sulfur particles. Sulfur particles were obtained both in situ in the reaction mixture and added during polymerization. The studies of the process of oxidative polymerization of aniline in the presence of insoluble components were carried out using the method of monitoring the open circuit potential (OCP), as well as by recording the particle size with a laser analyzer. All obtained samples were studied using optical spectroscopy methods (IR-, UV-spectroscopy), elemental and thermogravimetric analyzes, scanning electron microscopy, and the change in conductivity depending on the percentage of sulfur was assessed. It was found that the presence of sulfur particles led to a significant decrease in the rate of aniline polymerization, which was reflected in the OCP profiles in the form of an increase in the time to reach maxima. Samples obtained using metal polysulfides demonstrate better thermal stability and electrical conduction properties.
A sensitive, simple, and reliable immunosensor was constructed to detect the lowest alteration of a fragment of cytokeratin subunit 19 (CYFRA 21-1), a protein lung carcinoma biomarker. The proposed immunosensor was manufactured with a carbon black C45/polythiophene polymer-containing amino terminal groups ( C45-PTNH _ 2 ) conductive nanocomposite, resulting in an excellent, biocompatible, low-cost, and electrically conductive electrode surface. Anti-CYFRA 21-1 biorecognition molecules were attached to the electrode thanks to the amino terminal groups of the used PTNH _ 2 polymer with a relatively simple procedure. All electrode surfaces after modifications were characterized by electrochemical, chemical, and microscopic techniques. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) was also utilized for the evaluation of the analytical feature of the immunosensor. The charge transfer resistance of the immunosensor signal was correlated with the CYFRA 21-1 concentration in the concentration range 0.03 to 90 pg/mL. The limit of detection (LOD) and the limit of quantification (LOQ) of the suggested system were 4.7 fg/mL and 14.1 fg/mL, respectively. The proposed biosensor had favorable repeatability and reproducibility, long storage stability, excellent selectivity, and low cost. Furthermore, it was applied to determine CYFRA 21-1 in commercial serum samples, and satisfactory recovery results (98.63–106.18%) were obtained. Thus, this immunosensor can be offered for clinical purposes as a rapid, stable, low-cost, selective, reproducible, and reusable tool. Graphical Abstract 
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenator (ECMO) is a valuable technology to support people with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and is recommended for COVID-19 patients. This study aims to fabricate polymer-based composite membranes coated with ethylcellulose nanoparticles from waste paper and identify the performance of the composite as ECMO candidates. Composite membranes were made from four types of polymers, namely, nylon, PTFE (polytetrafluoroethylene), Pebax^® MH-1657, and SBS (poly-(styrene-b-butadiene-b-styrene)). PDMS (polydimethylsiloxane) 1 wt.% and ethylcellulose nanoparticles (3% and 10 wt.%) were used as membrane coatings to increase their hydrophobic properties. The success of cellulose isolation and ethylcellulose synthesis from waste paper was confirmed by the FTIR and XRD analysis. The size of the synthesized ethylcellulose nanoparticles was 32.68 nm. The coating effect on composite membranes was studied by measuring the contact angle, membrane porosity, protein quantification tests, and single gas permeation of O_2 and CO_2. Based on the protein quantification test, the protein could not pass through the Pebax/PDMS and SBS/PDMS composites coated with 10 wt.% ethylcellulose; this indicated less risk of plasma leakage. The gas permeation test on nylon/PDMS, PTFE/PDMS, and SBS/PDMS composites coated with 10% ethylcellulose resulted high CO_2/O_2 selectivity, respectively, 2.17, 3.48, and 3.22 as good indication for extracorporeal oxygenation membrane.
Externally bonded (EB) and near-surface mounted (NSM) bonding are two widely adopted and researched strengthening methods for reinforced-concrete structures. EB composite substrates are easy to reach and repair using appropriate surface treatments, whereas NSM techniques can be easily applied to the soffit and concrete member sides. The EB bonded fiber-reinforced polymer (FRP) technique has a significant drawback: combustibility, which calls for external protective agents, and textile reinforced mortar (TRM), a class of EB composites that is non-combustible and provides a similar functionality to any EB FRP-strengthened substrate. This study employs a finite element analysis technique to investigate the failing failure of carbon textile reinforced mortar (CTRM)-strengthened reinforced concrete beams. The principal objective of this numerical study was to develop a finite element model and validate a set of experimental data in existing literature. A set of seven beams was modelled and calibrated to obtain concrete damage plasticity (CDP) parameters. The predicted results, which were in the form of load versus deflection, load versus rebar strain, tensile damage, and compressive damage patterns, were in good agreement with the experimental data. Moreover, a parametric study was conducted to verify the applicability of the numerical model and study various influencing factors such as the concrete strength, internal reinforcement, textile roving spacing, and externally-applied load span. The ultimate load and deflection of the predicted finite element results had a coefficient of variation ( COV ) of 6.02% and 5.7%, respectively. A strain-based numerical comparison with known methods was then conducted to investigate the debonding mechanism. The developed finite element model can be applied and tailored further to explore similar TRM-strengthened beams undergoing debonding, and the preventive measures can be sought to avoid premature debonding.
Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is a kind of chronic inflammatory disease that is difficult to cure completely and may cause cancer. Modulating the intestinal flora is believed to be a feasible approach for IBD treatment. However, the traditional probiotics delivery systems often suffer from the inactivation caused by gastric acid. Herein, we proposed a novel probiotics-loaded microcapsule generated from a gas-assisted microfluidic platform. The microcapsules were composed of alginate shells and probiotics-containing cores, and exhibited good sphericity and biocompatibility, and had an average size of about 325 μm and a coefficient of variation of 2.57%. When the probiotics-loaded microcapsules were used for the IBD treatment of mice, they displayed good therapeutic effects in modulating oxidative stress and inflammation as well as protecting the intestinal barrier. These features indicate that the prepared probiotics-loaded microcapsules could be used as new materials for IBD treatment. Graphical abstract The gas-assisted microfluidic platform was employed to construct probiotics-containing microcapsules for inflammatory bowel disease treatment.
Composites are produced with laterite and molten PE without the inclusion of cement to produce unique green composites with excellent mechanical properties. The green composite exhibited excellent compressive strength, flexural strength and fracture toughness of 25 MPa, 7.3 MPa and 0.6 MPa√m, respectively. A maximum yield stress of ~ 2 MPa was recorded for the green composite. The SEM images reveal evidence of bonding and ligament bridging. The green composite is well characterized by the Weibull distribution. Polyethylene (PE) and cement are industrial products that promote environmental pollution. These products when exposed on the landfill have tremendous effects on the lives of humanity and other living creatures, including animals. Therefore, this research presents the results of experimental and theoretical modeling of green composites (without the inclusion of cement) reinforced with recycled polyethylene waste for applications in the Mechanical and Civil Engineering industry. The composites are produced using different weight fractions of laterite and molten PE mixed homogeneously to produce unique green composites with excellent mechanical properties. The green composite with 40 wt.% laterites and 60 wt.% PE exhibited the highest compressive strength, flexural strength and fracture toughness of 25 MPa, 7.3 MPa and $$0.6 MPa\sqrt{m}$$ 0.6 M P a m , respectively. Ad