<jats:title>Abstract</jats:title>
               <jats:p>Jean-Claude Juncker was President of the first ‘political Commission’, being the first (and so far the only) President to be elected through the Spitzenkandidat system following the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty. Juncker was appointed as head of a college of commissioners with high profiles and extensive experience in national politics. During his tenure, Juncker had to manage several crises, including Brexit, the Syrian war and the consequent mass migrations, as well as growing international tensions with Russia and the US. His personal and unique style, together with his broad domestic experience in European affairs, make him a singular personality and a singular President of the European Commission, whose legacy it is still too early to call.</jats:p>
<jats:p>Technology commercialization needs a large amount of financial resources and governments in developed and developing countries play a critical role in resource allocation to the technology commercialization, especially through “Technology Development Funds (TDFs)”. But, because of resource limitations, determining high priority technologies with higher impact on the country’s innovative performance and the optimal resource allocation to technology development is very important for science and technology policymakers. “Technology portfolio planning” has been developed and applied in this regard. Accordingly, a two-phase decision-making framework has been proposed. At the first phase, the priorities of technology fields are determined by using the best-worst method (BWM) and at the second phase, a two-stage stochastic technology portfolio planning model is developed by considering technological projects’ risks and export market, as one of the important factor in the “Global Innovation Index” (GII) ranking. It also has been considered technology fields’ priorities, staged-financing, moratorium period, reinvestment strategy, and technology readiness levels (TRL) in allocating financial resources to technological projects The main advantages of our proposed model are considering uncertainty and early signaling about under performing technological projects Due to the uncertain nature of the problem, our solution methodology is based on the Sample Average Approximation (SAA). In order to demonstrate the applicability of this model, a real case study and its computational results are presented.</jats:p>
<jats:p>The pig farmers in eastern Tawaang Village of North Sulawesi besides working as farmers, they also work as coconut farmers. So they have difficulties in dividing the task. As in feeding activity that are still done manually, so it takes a long time for this activity. To overcome this problem, the farmers need appropriate technology in the maintenance of pigs, especially the time to feed the cattle. The purpose of the community partnership program in eastern Tawaang village is to create an automatic pig feed system. The methods of implementation is begun by identifying the problem, the second is the design and manufacture of feed machine, the third is the feed machine trial, and the las is to provide training on the right operation and maintenance of the feed machine. The resuls of this community partnership program is to provide approriate technology in the form of automatic, regular, and scheduled pig feed machine in accordance with the number and age of livestock. Finally, the quality and quantity of pork production in eastern Tawaang village in particular and in North Sulawesi in general will increase, beside that the farmer can optimize the working time.</jats:p>
<jats:p> This paper, intended as a contribution to transnational memory studies, analyzes museums devoted to people who helped Jews during the Holocaust that recently opened in Bulgaria, France, Germany, Lithuania, and Poland. The author’s particular interest lies in the “traveling motifs” of the “Righteous” narratives. This category encompasses symbols such as a list of names of the help-providers, a fruit tree/orchard, or a wall with photographs of Holocaust victims, which recur in many of the examined exhibitions and are a clear reference to Yad Vashem and other well-established Holocaust memorials. At first sight, they seem to point to a “cosmopolitanization” of Holocaust remembrance and to the emergence of a common reservoir of historical notions and images. However, on closer inspection one discovers that the use of these symbols varies and that they refer to differing ways of understanding and telling history. </jats:p>
<jats:p>The article shows the role of school mediation for the formation and development of legal educational space. The article describes the basic requirements for the creation and functioning of the school mediation service in an educational organization, such as: training of teachers, students and their parents (legal representatives); interaction of all participants in educational relations for the prevention and settlement of the confl ict situation. It is noted that the appearance of the fi rst school mediation services in educational institutions of the city of Smolensk become active in the framework of the regional  innovation platform “Development of a common legal educational space in the educational innovation cluster”. It is shown that the rational understanding of the conditions for building a mediation system in an educational organization is provided by the method of SWOT analysis. The necessity of using mediation approaches for the formation of confl ict-free educational space in the region is emphasized.</jats:p>
<jats:title>Abstract</jats:title>
               <jats:p>The low-buckled material silicene undergoes abundant topological phase transitions under external fields. The applications in transport related to the topological properties remain the focus of attention. Utilizing the Berry curvature formula and Boltzmann transport equation, we investigate the spin- and valley-dependent anomalous Nernst effect in silicene, which is subjected to the antiferromagnetic field and perpendicular electric field. The results reveal that the antiferromagnetic field can be used to modulate the pure spin Nernst current; the pure valley Nernst current appears only when electric field exists; the charge Nernst current needs both fields. It is found that the inflection points on the Nernst conductivity correspond exactly to the phase transformation boundary. In the quantum spin Hall (QSH) phase, the spin beam splitting can be realized, in the quantum valley Hall (QVH) phase, the valley beam is split, and in the spin-polarized quantum anomalous Hall (SQAH) phase, the single spin and valley beam can be collected. These findings related to topology are expected to facilitate some applications in spin and valley caloritronics and thermal logical devices.</jats:p>
<jats:title>Abstract</jats:title><jats:p>Current theories propose that the short-term retention of information in working memory (WM) and the recall of information from long-term memory (LTM) are supported by overlapping neural mechanisms in occipital and parietal cortex. Both are thought to rely on reinstating patterns of sensory activity evoked by the perception of the remembered item. However, the extent of the shared representations between WM and LTM are unclear, and it is unknown how WM and LTM representations may differ across cortical regions. We designed a spatial memory task that allowed us to directly compare the representations of remembered spatial information in WM and LTM. Critically, we carefully matched the precision of behavioral responses in these tasks. We used fMRI and multivariate pattern analyses to examine representations in (1) retinotopic cortex and (2) lateral parietal cortex (LPC) regions previously implicated in LTM. We show that visual memories were represented in a sensory-like code in both tasks across retinotopic regions in occipital and parietal cortex. LPC regions also encoded remembered locations in both WM and LTM, but in a format that differed from the sensory-evoked activity. These results suggest a striking correspondence in the format of WM and LTM representations across occipital and parietal cortex. On the other hand, we show that activity patterns in nearly all parietal regions, but not occipital regions, contained information that could discriminate between WM trials and LTM trials. Our data provide new evidence for theories of memory systems and the representation of mnemonic content.</jats:p>
<p>Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) is the most lethal gynecologic cancer (1). We performed discovery of genes associated with epithelial ovarian cancer and of the high-grade serous ovarian cancer (HGSC) subtype, using published microarray data (2, 3) to compare global gene expression profiles of normal ovary or fallopian tube with that of primary tumors from women diagnosed with epithelial ovarian cancer or HGSC. We identified the gene encoding aurora kinase A, AURKA, as among the genes whose expression was most different in epithelial ovarian cancer as compared to the normal fallopian tube.  AURKA expression was significantly higher in high-grade serous ovarian tumors relative to normal fallopian tube.  AURKA expression correlated with overall survival in patients with ovarian cancer. These data indicate that expression of AURKA is perturbed in epithelial ovarian cancers broadly and in ovarian cancers of the HGSC subtype. AURKA may be relevant to pathways underlying ovarian cancer initiation (transformation) or progression.</p>
<jats:p>Big companies usually have human and financial resources to personalize their websites. On the other hand, small and medium-sized companies usually do not have such resources. In this paper we propose ALARM: A Light Application for Recommendation and Monitoring. This free platform enables automatic recommendations and monitoring in small and medium-sized websites. The platform is independent of the site structure, as well as monitoring and recommendation methods which may be used in it. We illustrate the features of the platform in a case study, where we show how it can be used to provide recommendations as well as to analyze them.</jats:p>
<jats:p>Exact transient solutions of parallel-current transfer processes are obtained by the use of the Laplace transformation. Solutions are valid for a finite or an infinite transfer zone. The solutions are verified with steady-state solutions. Exact transient solutions of this study are applicable to liquid-to-liquid and liquid-to-gas heat exchangers in which the thermal capacitance of the core is negligible (zero) compared to the thermal capacitance of the stepped liquid contained in the exchanger.</jats:p>
