The objective of this work was to characterize and evaluate the sensory acceptance and stability of jelly candies with flavor of orange (OJC) or raspberry (RJC), and alternative sweeteners (isomalt, maltitol syrup, and stevia). A qualitative sensory study showed that among potential buyers (70% of 200 participants), the main associations were related to taste, sensations/feelings, health, and appearance. A sensory panel (80 participants) performed the rating of liking, and the sensory intensity assays, which showed that both candies were rated within liking categories by more than 70% of consumers, and that the taste attributes were categorized at the right point. Color and gumminess were rated in the just point for RJC, while for OJC, these variables deviated from the expected. Regarding sensory stability, a penalty study advised that bitterness/sweetness ratio, and color attributes should be improved in order to extend the candies´ sensory shelf life. Additionally, a trained sensory panel evaluated the textural changes during storage of the jelly candies. The sensory studies carried out on the novel jelly candies showed substantial interest from consumers, therefore, they could be considered an alternative to replace traditional sweets, offering a nutritional contribution from fruits, without artificial preservatives and added free sugars.
Findings on children’s proportional reasoning abilities strongly vary across studies. This might be due to the different contexts that can be used in proportional problems: fair-sharing, mixtures, and probability. A review of the scientific literature suggests that the context of proportional problems may not only impact the difficulty of the problem, but that it also plays an important role in how children approach the problems. In other words, different contexts might elicit different (erroneous) thinking strategies. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of context in third graders’ ( n  = 305) proportional reasoning abilities. Results showed that children performed significantly better in a fair-sharing context compared to a mixture and a probability context. No evidence was found for a difference in performance on the mixture and the probability context. However, the kind of erroneous answers that were given in the mixture and probability context differed slightly, with more additive answers in the mixture context and more one-dimensional answers in the probability context. These findings suggest that the type of answers elicited by proportional problems might depend on the specific context in which the problem is presented.
Gibberellin, as one of the pivotal plant growth regulators, can improve fruit quality by altering fruit size and secondary metabolite content. Flavonoids are the most abundant secondary metabolites in grapes, which influence the color and quality of the fruit. However, the molecular mechanism of whether and how GA_3 affects flavonoid metabolism has not been reported, especially for the ‘Red globe’ grape with delayed cultivation in Hexi corridor. In the present study, the ‘Red globe’ grape grown in delayed facilities was sprayed with 20, 40, 60, 80 and 100 mg/L GA_3 at berries pea size (BPS), veraison (V) and berries ripe (BR), respectively. The results showed that the berry weight, soluble sugar content and secondary metabolite content (the flavonoid content, anthocyanin content and polyphenol content) at BR under 80 mg/L GA_3 treatment were remarkably increased compared with other concentration treatments. Therefore, RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) was used to analyze the differentially expressed genes (DEG_S) and pathways under 80 mg/L GA_3 treatment at three periods. GO analysis showed that DEGs were closely related to transporter activity, cofactor binding, photosynthetic membrane, thylakoid, ribosome biogenesis and other items. The KEGG enrichment analysis found that the DEGs were mainly involved in flavonoid biosynthesis and phenylpropanoid biosynthesis, indicating GA_3 exerted an impact on the color and quality of berries through these pathways. In conclusion, GA_3 significantly increased the expression of genes related to flavonoid synthesis, enhanced the production of secondary metabolites, and improved fruit quality. In addition, these findings can provide a theoretical basis for GA_3 to modulate the accumulation and metabolism of flavonoids in grape fruit.
The archaeobotanical identification of Vitis pips, which is often based only on visual assessment of the finds or on morphometric methods, is problematic. The problem of distinguishing wild from domesticated strains arises especially in the differentiation of early cultivars. Correct identification often fails even when mathematical methods based on dimensional measurements are used. To verify the success of two classification methods commonly used in archaeology, their procedures were applied to modern pips of wild Vitis sylvestris grown in natura in Slovakia, coming from different localities and with different numbers of pips. The results of these measurements were concordant with archaeobotanical findings of grapevine pips from the Great Moravian site of Mikulčice-Valy situated in the region of South Moravia (Czech Republic). The results show that traditional methods have difficulty in correctly classifying pips from fruits with more than one pip and, to a lesser extent, pips of fruits from sun-bleached stands. These grape species tend to be classified as cultivated. Thanks to the results on the error rate of morphometric methods, it is also possible to characterize the archaeobotanical finds from Mikulčice, which were defined as cultivated.
Generally, red wines made from cold-hardy hybrid grapes have much lower tannin content than Vitis vinifera wines and they are often perceived as being of lower quality. This study evaluated the chemistry and sensory perception of whole-cluster (WC) fermented “Frontenac” and “Marquette” red wines from Iowa (F-ISU, M-ISU) and “Marquette” red wines from Minnesota (M-UMN). Three conditions were compared: Control 0% WC (w/w), 25% WC (w/w), and 50% WC (w/w). The 50% WC wines had significantly higher iron-reactive phenolics, tannin, and anthocyanin contents than control wines. The color intensity in 50% WC wines was maintained after 4 months of aging. A tasting evaluation was conducted with the “Marquette” wines from both states and untrained panelists preferred 50% WC “Marquette” wines over control wines. This study showed promising results on the use of 50% (w/w) whole clusters as a pre-fermentative technique to improve “Marquette” and “Frontenac” red wine quality.
Due to the rise of online retailing, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers need to understand what customers find convenient when shopping at physical locations and focus their efforts on those convenience dimensions to remain competitive. We test a service convenience model in the auto-parts retailing industry and examine how various dimensions of service convenience affect customers’ perceptions of the retailer (i.e., service quality, product quality, and perceived value), and subsequently their behavior (i.e., customer loyalty and share of wallet). The results suggest that in traditional retailing, the most important convenience dimensions are decision convenience and benefit convenience. We find that service convenience exerts its effect on customer loyalty and share of wallet through perceived service quality and perceived value, and product quality has an indirect effect through perceived value. Service convenience is an important driver of customer loyalty and share of wallet, and this study demonstrates the mechanism through which it happens.
Background The extra-cervical lateral route endoscopic thyroidectomy (LRET) approaches such as the trans-axillary, breast and axillo-breast approaches are proved to be safe, feasible, esthetic, highly effective. The inherent difficulty and long learning curve of these techniques prevents its widespread application. Methods Benefiting from the experience of more than 5 years in LRET approaches with CO_2 insufflation, the authors developed ten surgical key steps and a critical view of safety (CVS) for performing thyroid lobectomy via LRET approaches. A detailed description and a video of the surgical technique is provided. Results Application of these structured key steps and CVS was feasible and effective in achieving thyroid lobectomy in all selected cases with unilateral goiter up to 8 cm, even in cases with thyroiditis or controlled toxic adenoma, without any adverse events and with shorter operative time than the non-structured surgical technique. Conclusion The described ten key steps and CVS are conclusive, applicable, easy to learn. Our video could act as a guide for promoting the standardized, safe, and wide application of LRET techniques.
Is there a cultural component to attitudes towards the distribution of the tax burden? In this article, I draw on the literature around tax culture to argue that this might be the case. This idea is tested using data from the “Migrants’ Attitudes towards Welfare” (MIFARE) survey of eight migrant groups in the Netherlands, Denmark and Germany. The results demonstrate that a part of attitudes towards the distribution of the tax burden can be explained by attitudes towards the same subject in the origin country. The results further show that this effect is stronger for migrants who were older when they migrated.
Post-translational modifications (PTMs) have been recently reported to be involved in the development and progression of Alzheimer’s disease (AD). In detail, PTMs include phosphorylation, glycation, acetylation, sumoylation, ubiquitination, methylation, nitration, and truncation, which are associated with pathological functions of AD-related proteins, such as β-amyloid (Aβ), β-site APP-cleavage enzyme 1 (BACE1), and tau protein. In particular, the roles of aberrant PTMs in the trafficking, cleavage, and degradation of AD-associated proteins, leading to the cognitive decline of the disease, are summarized under AD conditions. By summarizing these research progress, the gaps will be filled between PMTs and AD, which will facilitate the discovery of potential biomarkers, leading to the establishment of novel clinical intervention methods against AD.
As a result of the GI Bill, returning World War II veterans were generally highly educated, but their locations following the war were highly uneven across cities in the USA. Exploiting the spatial variation in these returning veterans driven by prewar communities of veterans, I study the long-run persistence of an increase in local human capital. While there is strong persistence in skills across cities, this shock produced a large and uneven increase in local skills after the war. Furthermore, this positive shock had long-lasting effects on local human capital from 1940 to 2010.
Introduction Endoscopic treatment of subglottic stenosis (SGS) is regarded as a safe procedure with rare complications and less morbidity than open surgery yet related with a high risk of recurrence. The abundance of techniques and adjuvant therapies complicates a comparison of the different surgical approaches. The primary aim of this study was to investigate disease recurrence after CO_2 laser excisions and balloon dilatation in patients with SGS and to identify potential confounding factors. Materials and methods In a tertiary referral center, two cohorts of previously undiagnosed patients treated for SGS were retrospectively reviewed and followed for 3 years. The CO_2 laser cohort (CLC) was recruited between 2006 and 2011, and the balloon dilatation cohort (BDC) between 2014 and 2019. Kaplan‒Meier and multivariable Cox regression analyzed time to repeated surgery and estimated hazard ratios (HRs) for different variables. Results Nineteen patients were included in the CLC, and 31 in the BDC. The 1-year cumulative recurrence risk was 63.2% for the CLC compared with 12.9% for the BDC (HR 33.0, 95% CI 6.57–166, p  < 0.001), and the 3-year recurrence risk was 73.7% for the CLC compared with 51.6% for the BDC (HR 8.02, 95% CI 2.39–26.9, p  < 0.001). Recurrence was independently associated with overweight (HR 3.45, 95% CI 1.16–10.19, p  = 0.025), obesity (HR 7.11, 95% CI 2.19–23.04, p  = 0.001), and younger age at diagnosis (HR 8.18, 95% CI 1.43–46.82, p  = 0.018). Conclusion CO_2 laser treatment is associated with an elevated risk for recurrence of SGS compared with balloon dilatation. Other risk factors include overweight, obesity, and a younger age at diagnosis.
A growing literature points to the importance of classroom social climate as one of the determinants of students’ academic performance and motivation, engagement, participation, and attitude towards school and teaching. However, little attention is given to social climate in the context of the mathematics classroom as a learning environment, with studies providing only insights into its specific aspects. The present study addressed these problems by investigating classroom social climate in the context of geometry lessons in Grades 3–6 with the goal of providing comprehensive insight into students’ perceptions of their geometry classroom climate by identifying its psychosocial aspects. In total, 114 primary-grade students participated in the qualitative cross-sectional study. To capture students’ perceptions of their geometry classroom, participant-produced drawings were used as a research method. These were analyzed using qualitative content analysis. The results reflected a teacher-centered image of a geometry learning environment which was driven by frontal work with a broad spectrum of participatory activities, but with very little student–student communication. Additionally, the lesson goals were transparent which were supported by using different teaching tools and materials. Lastly, the lessons were organized in an orderly manner. The findings offer potential opportunities for educators to plan and implement effective pedagogical strategies at the university that would reflect the teaching practices conducive to geometry learning. Likewise, the research method can be used in classroom learning environments as a tool to promote a dialogue between students and their teachers.
Objective To determine whether neighborhood-level socioeconomic characteristics are associated with the likelihood of livebirth (LB) following in vitro fertilization (IVF). Specifically, we evaluated neighborhood-level household income, unemployment rate, and educational attainment. Design A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted for patients undergoing autologous IVF cycles. Setting Large academic health system. Interventions For each patient, ZIP code of residence was used as a proxy for neighborhood. Neighborhood characteristics were compared between patients with and without LB. Generalized estimating model was used to adjust the association between SES factors and likelihood of a live birth with respect to relevant clinical factors. Results A total of 4942 autologous IVF cycles from 2768 patients were included: 1717 (62.0%) had at least one associated LB. Patients who achieved LB from IVF were younger, had higher anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH) levels, lower body mass index (BMI), and differed by ethnic background, primary language, and neighborhood socioeconomic characteristics. In a multivariable model, language, age, AMH, and BMI were associated with a live birth from IVF. None of the neighborhood-level socioeconomic variables were associated with the total number of IVF cycles or cycles required to achieve first LB. Conclusion Patients living in neighborhoods with lower annual household income have lower odds of livebirth after IVF compared to those living in more affluent areas, despite undergoing the same number of IVF stimulation cycles.
What is Already Known on this Subject? There is substantial ethnic variation in health inequalities and health-related behaviours during pregnancy. Women of non-white ethnic origin are less likely to engage in harmful behaviours such as smoking or binge drinking in the UK, yet often have poorer pregnancy outcomes. What does this Study Add? This study adds the dimension of migration status to the investigation of ethnicity and perinatal health. The study considers differences between first-and-second-generation migrant women and native women with no family migration history. The results show that, among women of South Asian ethnicity, women’s own country of birth and that of their parents makes a difference to patterns of health-related behaviours. This new information is important in directing health promotion activities effectively. Objectives There exists a body of research regarding ethnic differences in perinatal health whereas this is not the case concerning the role of migration status and acculturation in attenuating these differences. This study aims to investigate determinants of health during pregnancy up to one-year postpartum by migration status. Methods The study utilises data collected by the Born in Bradford cohort. The focus of analysis was migration status groupings, based on self-reported country of birth of participants and their parents and grandparents. Chi-Square, one-way ANOVA and correlation coefficients examined relationships between variables. Results Migrant women were less likely to smoke (native: 34.4%, 1st generation: 2.8%, 2nd generation: 8.6%) or to be obese (native: 25.5%, 1st generation: 17.4%, 2nd generation: 21.3%) compared to native women. Migrants were less physically active at 6 months (Mean (SD) minutes/week: native 265 (245), 1st generation 113 (162), 2nd generation 147 (182)) with larger increases in BMI over time compared to native women. Migrant women were more likely to be suffering psychological distress at baseline and 6 months postpartum and migrant families were more likely to live in areas of high socio-economic deprivation, despite higher levels of educational attainment. Conclusions for Practice This study ethnicity and migration identifies some important differences between ethnic groups with different migration histories, therefore indicating that healthcare professionals should consider eliciting full migration histories to improve care. The impact of these differences on perinatal outcomes is a priority for future research.
School closures because of the COVID-19 emergency forced a rapid transition to distance learning worldwide. In this study, we investigated teachers’ experiences with distance learning during the first Italian lockdown. A sample of 270 primary and secondary teachers answered a semi-structured questionnaire administered between April and May 2020. Didactic modalities, students’ and teachers’ difficulties with distance learning, and teachers’ feelings during school closure were investigated through open-ended questions. Content analysis indicated that most teachers adopted both synchronous and asynchronous modalities, which resembled the traditional classroom learning environment. Moreover, technological weaknesses (lack of proper digital equipment and poor digital skills) and lack of interactions appeared to be the main threats to the quality of distance learning. The implementation of distance learning in primary schools emerged as more challenging than in secondary education. Furthermore, most teachers experienced negative feelings during online teaching. However, 13% of the sample reported a sense of resilience and opportunity. Particularly, older teachers reported more resilience compared with younger teachers, indicating the importance of experience in managing stressful teaching events. Overall, findings suggest that—in this novel educational environment—teachers’ role has changed significantly, placing strong emphasis on the ability to encourage communication, discussion, and contact with students. Future work should focus on how information and communications technology could sustain meaningful interactions between students and teachers, especially in primary education.
Sensation seeking has been extensively demonstrated as a risk factor for substance use. Potential bidirectional associations between sensation seeking and substance use at the within-person level are incompletely understood. The present study examined longitudinal trajectories of sensation seeking and substance use and bidirectional longitudinal associations between sensation seeking and substance use in Chinese adolescents during a 3-year period over three time points. A total of 10,138 adolescents (59.8%) male; M_age = 16.77, SD = 0.83 at time (1) were surveyed. Sensation seeking and substance use frequency increased concomitantly over time. At the within-person level, sensation seeking and substance use were reciprocally predictable, and there were no evidence of sex difference in longitudinal associations. This study provides unique data concerning the relationship between sensation seeking and substance use in a sample of Chinese adolescents, and highlights the importance of identifying sensation seeking behaviors to prevent substance use.
The medical industry is constantly improving its own structure with the development of society. However, most of the current drug management systems cannot meet the needs of actual drug management. There are many problems such as incomplete system functions, confusion of drug management, unclear division of modules, loss and waste of human resources. At present, hospitals need a new and perfect hospital drug information management. Drug management is an indispensable part of the hospital management system. This paper completes the design of the target drug rapid retrieval system, which is realized multidimensional data analysis technology, and tests the multidimensional data analysis algorithm model used. The improved multidimensional data analysis algorithm greatly improves the accuracy. The design and improvement of the system can effectively improve the drug processing efficiency of existing pharmacies through the design and simulation experiments, enable the pharmacy department to better cooperate with other departments to work, make the cooperation between different departments more effective, and solve the work efficiency problems of the hospital. By introducing multidimensional data analysis technology into the field of drug information retrieval, this paper designs an effective and fast retrieval method.
Analyzing 118 countries between 1960 and 2016, we find that higher temperatures correlate with higher urbanization rates in the long run, where this relationship is much more pronounced than any short-term linkage. The long-run relationship between global warming and urbanization is also conditional upon country-specific conditions. This long-run association is especially relevant in poorer and more agriculture-dependent countries with an urban bias as well as in initially non-urban countries in hotter climate zones. We also provide suggestive evidence that warming contributes to losses in agricultural productivity and to pro-urban shifts in public goods provision and that the global warming-urbanization nexus is partly mediated through these channels. Consequently, we argue that the estimated long-run relationship between temperature and urbanization partly captures the potential impact of increasing temperatures on urbanization via a rural push (by impairing agriculture) and an urban pull (via an increased demand for public goods primarily supplied in cities).
L- myo -inositol phosphate synthase (MIPS; EC 5.5.1.4) encodes the enzyme synthesizing Myo -inositol for plant growth and development. Myo -inositol and its phosphate derivatives are involved in various physiological functions ranging from cell wall synthesis, chromatin remodeling, signal transduction, and providing stress responses. In the present study, we report that MIPS regulates chlorophyll content and photosynthesis efficiency via the ethylene signaling pathway. We have used Triticum aestivum MIPS-A ( TAMIPS-A ) for the present study and characterized it by mutant complementation and overexpression studies in Arabidopsis . TaMIPS-A overexpressing Arabidopsis transgenics were analyzed physiologically under thermal stress conditions. Analysis of overexpression TaMIPS-A transgenics under control and thermal stress conditions revealed them to have enhanced photosynthetic potential under heat stress. When TaMIPS-A overexpression (OE) Arabidopsis transgenics are supplemented with either ACC, the ethylene precursor, or AgNO_3, the ethylene signaling inhibitor indicated that MIPS regulates the photosynthetic efficiency and chlorophyll content via the ethylene signaling pathway under control and thermal stress. Expression analysis of essential genes involved in the ethylene biosynthetic and signaling pathway corroborated.
本文评估了南京信息工程大学耦合气候预报系统 (1.0 版, NUIST-CFS1.0) 对 1982–2019 年 5–11 月北半球主要海域的热带气旋 (TC) 季节活动的预测技巧. 评估发现 NUIST-CFS1.0 预测的热带气旋生成密度和路径密度的总体分布与观测有较好的一致性, 但各海域的季节平均热带气旋生成频率和累积气旋能量 (ACE) 有所低估, 这可能跟该耦合模式中大气模式部分的空间分辨率 (T106) 较低有关. 此外, NUIST-CFS1.0 能够很好的预测北大西洋 (NA) 和东北太平洋 (ENP) 热带气旋生成频率和累积气旋能量的年际变化, 这主要是因为该海域的热带气旋活动与海温相关的指数有显著的相关关系. 在西北太平洋 (WNP), 由于西北太平洋的累积气旋能量与厄尔尼诺-南方涛动 (ENSO) 有显著的相关性, 模式可以很好的预测累积气旋能量的年际变化, 但模式对西北太平洋热带气旋生成频率年际变化的预测技巧很低. 当西北太平洋被划分为东、 西两部分子区域时, NUIST-CFS1.0 显示出更好的热带气旋季节活动预测能力. 研究还发现, 预测热带气旋生成位置的偏差会导致热带气旋活动与环境因子的关系表述不准确, 这可能会影响模式对热带气旋季节活动年际变化的预测能力. Prediction skill for the seasonal tropical cyclone (TC) activity in the Northern Hemisphere is investigated using the coupled climate forecast system (version 1.0) of Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology (NUIST-CFS1.0). This assessment is based on the seven-month (May to November) hindcasts consisting of nine ensemble members during 1982–2019. The predictions are compared with the Japanese 55-year Reanalysis and observed tropical storms in the Northern Hemisphere. The results show that the overall distributions of the TC genesis and track densities in model hindcasts agree well with the observations, although the seasonal mean TC frequency and accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) are underestimated in all basins due to the low resolution (T106) of the atmospheric component in the model. NUIST-CFS1.0 closely predicts the interannual variations of TC frequency and ACE in the North Atlantic (NA) and eastern North Pacific (ENP), which have a good relationship with indexes based on the sea surface temperature. In the western North Pacific (WNP), NUIST-CFS1.0 can closely capture ACE, which is significantly correlated with the El Niño—Southern Oscillation (ENSO), while it has difficulty forecasting the interannual variation of TC frequency in this area. When the WNP is further divided into eastern and western subregions, the model displays improved TC activity forecasting ability. Additionally, it is found that biases in predicted TC genesis locations lead to inaccurately represented TC—environment relationships, which may affect the capability of the model in reproducing the interannual variations of TC activity.
雪冰中的黑碳对加速积雪消融具有重要作用。然而,目前的研究大多集中于黑碳浓度的影响,很少关注积雪中黑碳粒径的分布,这显著影响黑碳对反照率变化的评估。鉴于此,我们于2016年11月至2017年4月在北疆阿勒泰地区开展了积雪中难熔黑碳浓度和粒径分布的研究。结果表明,表雪和次表层雪的黑碳平均浓度分别为5.77和2.82 ng g−1,且在融雪季节(4月)相对冬季(11月至1月)偏高。表雪中黑碳粒径的质量中值直径约为120−150 nm,小于大气中黑碳颗粒的直径(城市大气中约为200 nm)。然而,冬季次表层雪中黑碳粒径的质量中值直径不明显,而在融雪季节,次表层雪中黑碳的中值粒径与表层雪中相似。结合火点资料的后向轨迹表明,北疆阿勒泰地区积雪中人为源黑碳占主导(70%−85%)。该研究将进一步促进我们对雪中黑碳粒径分布的理解,并为评估黑碳粒径大小对气候效应的可能影响提供基础数据。 Black carbon (BC) in snow plays an important role to accelerate snow melting. However, current studies mostly focused on BC concentrations, few on their size distributions in snow which affected BC’s effect on albedo changes. Here we presented refractory BC (rBC) concentrations and size distributions in snow collected from Chinese Altai Mountains in Central Asia from November 2016 to April 2017. The results revealed that the average rBC concentrations were 5.77 and 2.82 ng g^−1 for the surface snow and sub-surface snow, which were relatively higher in the melting season (April) than that in winter (November–January). The mass median volume-equivalent diameter of rBC size in surface snow was approximately at 120–150 nm, which was typically smaller than that in the atmosphere (about 200 nm for urban atmosphere). However, there existed no specific mass median volume-equivalent diameter of BC size for sub-surface snow in winter. While during the melting season, the median mass size of rBC in sub-surface snow was similar to that in surface snow. Backward trajectories indicated that anthropogenic sourced BC dominated rBC in snow (70%–85%). This study will promote our understanding on BC size distributions in snow, and highlight the possible impact of BC size on climate effect.
In the construction industry, concrete has shown to be among the most essential and commonly using construction materials. In the present era of global warming resulting from the over dependence on the use of conventional cements, there has been a necessity to employ green technologies especially in the production of concrete to meet the millennium developmental goals (MDGs) for a more sustainable infrastructure and safer environment. The reason has propelled an investigation into the utilization of recycled aggregate (RA) materials of different consistencies to explore the potentials of their application in concrete production that meets both the structural design standard and MDGs requirements. In this research, an extensive search was undertaken to gather multiple experimental data from research works concentrating efforts around the utilization of recycled aggregates among other elements in eco-friendly concrete production. Those from where 302 datasets were collected had proven the effectiveness of the RAs on improving the flexural strength ( f _ ck ) of concrete. These data were deployed to propose an intelligent predictive model using the artificial neural network (ANN) of the 9-6-1 network. The database was trained and validated using 70–30% of the data, respectively. The proposed model performance has shown an accuracy of 98.5% with a unique close-form equation, which is rare with the use of ANN. This shows that the developed model can be applied in solving recycled aggregate concrete (RAC) problems both with software manipulation and manually (using the closed-form equation). Generally, overall shows the importance of predicting the production and performance of a greener concrete from recycled aggregates (RAs) of both fine and coarse consistency for sustainable structures.
In the 1980s the Soviet Academy of Sciences proposed to build a massive dam and hydroelectric station on the Lower Tunguska river in the Evenki Autonomous Okrug (now a municipal district of Krasnoyarsk Territory). This would have been the largest and most northerly hydroelectric station in the world. Plans for the project were abandoned with the collapse of the USSR. The plan was resuscitated twenty years later, only to be abandoned again. This essay explores themes of protest, anticipation, and deferral in the context of a highly marginalized Indigenous population. Moving between literary and media critique to social theory, we suggest that the effects of the dam proposals produce conditions for enduring feelings of indeterminacy.
The purpose of this study was to perform an integrative review on the effects of cranberry and grape seed extracts concerning the disinfection of root canals maintaining the strength of the remnant tooth tissues’ structure. A bibliographical search was carried out on the PubMed electronic platform using the following key terms: cranberry, grape seed, vaccinium macrocarpon, proanthocyanidin, antibacterial, antimicrobial, decontamination, disinfection, bacteria removal, bacteria eradication, bacteria elimination, endodontic, root canal, faecalis, and strength. The inclusion criteria involved articles published in the English language, until March, 2022, reporting the antibacterial effect of grape seed and cranberry extracts. Of 185 studies identified, 13 studies were selected for the present review. The grape seed extract (GSE), composed of proanthocyanidins, showed an antioxidant activity against the main bacteria found in endodontic secondary infection. The percentage of bacteria removal was recorded at around 96.97% by using GSE. Studies on cranberry extracts, which are composed of proanthocyanidins, revealed antimicrobial effects against bacteria related to periodontitis and dental caries. Additionally, GSE or cranberry allowed the dentin collagen cross-linking that preserved the 3D collagen network leading to the maintenance of the strength of the remnant tooth structure. However, the contaminated smear layer could not be removed by using only GSE or cranberry. Cranberry extracts and GSE revealed a significant antimicrobial activity in endodontic disinfection without changing the mechanical properties of the remnant dentin tissues. Furthermore, those components can be associated with traditional compounds to enhance their antimicrobial effects and eliminate the smear layer. Graphical abstract 
Apple ( Malus domestica ) belongs to the family Rosaceae . It is one of the most commonly cultivated fruit in all temperate zones of the world and holds an equally important place in the global economy. Apple is a climacteric fruit and undergoes metabolic changes even after the harvest and thus prone to post-harvest losses. The packaging of apples plays an important role in extending the shelf life of the apples and also maintains the quality during distribution and transport. The prime role of packaging is to contain the food commodity and protect the enclosed product from external damage. But other functions such as traceability, convenience and temper evidence are of secondary importance. Different packaging techniques are employed for the packaging of apples which include both conventional (wooden boxes, corrugated fiber boxes, crates) and non-conventional packaging like modified atmosphere packaging (MAP), active packaging, edible coatings, etc.
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short, 19–23 nucleotide non-coding RNA molecules that regulate gene expression by silencing or degrading the target mRNA gene. Since their discovery in the nineties of the last century, they have emerged as key inflammatory regulators. Inflammation induces the synthesis of various miRNAs that modulate the expression of multiple molecules involved in orchestrating the inflammatory response. This review aims to provide an insight into the role of miRNAs as potential biomarkers, mediators, and potential therapeutic targets of dental pulp inflammation. A literature search was conducted using the keywords; biogenesis of microRNA, human dental pulp cells, pulpitis, and inflammation in PubMed and Scopus index databases for all the published articles dealing with the role of miRNAs in pulp inflammation in the last 10 years. According to the literature, there is a clear correlation between miRNAs and several physiological events, as well as their role as mediators of innate immune response and inflammation in dental pulp cells. Our narrative review stipulates that numerous miRNAs play a key role in modulating inflammation, delaying or enhancing cell repair, cell differentiation, and survival in dental pulp diseases. However, further studies are required for the validation of miRNAs as reliable biomarkers in dental pulp pathology and their targeted therapy.
Growing evidence reported a strong association between the nitrate ingestion and adverse health consequences in humans, including its detrimental impact on the developing brain. The present study identified miRNAs and proteins in SH-SY5Y human neuroblastoma cells and HMC3 human microglial cells using high-throughput techniques in response to nitrate level most prevalent in the environment (India) as X dose and an exceptionally high nitrate level as 5X dose that can be reached in the near future. Cells were exposed to mixtures of nitrates for 72 h at doses of X and 5X, 320 mg/L and 1600 mg/L, respectively. OpenArray and LCMS analysis revealed maximum deregulation in miRNAs and proteins in cells exposed to 5X dose. Top deregulated miRNAs include miR-34b, miR-34c, miR-155, miR-143, and miR-145. The proteomic profiles of both cell types include proteins that are potential targets of deregulated miRNAs. These miRNAs and their targeted proteins involve in multiple functions, including metabolic processes, mitochondrial functions, autophagy, necroptosis, apoptosis, neuronal disorders, brain development, and homeostasis. Furthermore, measuring mitochondrial bioenergetics in cells exposed to nitrate revealed that a 5X dose causes a significant reduction in oxygen consumption rate (OCR) and other bioenergetic parameters in both cell types. In summary, our studies have demonstrated that a 5X dose of nitrate significantly alters cellular physiology and functions by deregulating several miRNAs and proteins. However, X dose of nitrate has not caused any adverse effects on any cell type.
Introduction Imaging guidelines for post-neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) breast cancer patients lack specificity on appropriateness and utility of individual modalities for surgical planning. Microcalcifications confound mammographic interpretation. We examined the correlation between the mammographic extent of microcalcifications present post-NAC, corresponding magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) lesions, and definitive surgical pathology. Methods In this retrospective cohort study, patients with calcifications on mammography were collected from a database of consecutive breast cancer patients receiving NAC. The primary objective was to determine the correlation between maximum dimension of post-NAC calcifications with surgical pathology (invasive disease, tumor bed, and ductal carcinoma in situ [DCIS]), stratified by tumor receptor subgroup. Secondarily, we examined the correlation of residual disease with MRI mass enhancement (ME) and non-ME (NME). Pearson’s correlation coefficient was used to evaluate statistical significance (strong: R ^2 ≥70%; moderate: R ^2=25–70%; weak: R ^2 ≤25%). Results Overall, 186 patients met the inclusion criteria. Mammographic calcifications correlated poorly with invasive disease ( R ^2 = 10.8%), overestimating by 57%. In patients with calcifications on mammography, MRI ME and NME correlated weakly with the maximum dimension of invasive disease and DCIS. In triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) patients, invasive disease correlated strongly with the maximum dimension of calcifications ( R ^2 = 83%) and moderately with ME ( R ^2 = 37.7%) and NME ( R ^2 = 28.4%). Conclusion Overall, current imaging techniques correlate poorly and overestimate final surgical pathology. This poor correlation may lead to uncertainty in the extent of required surgical excision and the exclusion of potential candidates for non-surgical management in ongoing trials. TNBCs would be good candidates for these trials given the stronger observed correlations between pathology and imaging.
Background Childhood multi-attribute utility instruments (MAUIs) can be used to measure health utilities in children (aged ≤ 18 years) for economic evaluation. Systematic review methods can generate a psychometric evidence base that informs their selection for application. Previous reviews focused on limited sets of MAUIs and psychometric properties, and only on evidence from studies that directly aimed to conduct psychometric assessments. Objective This study aimed to conduct a systematic review of psychometric evidence for generic childhood MAUIs and to meet three objectives: (1) create a comprehensive catalogue of evaluated psychometric evidence; (2) identify psychometric evidence gaps; and (3) summarise the psychometric assessment methods and performance by property. Methods A review protocol was registered with the Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO; CRD42021295959); reporting followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) 2020 guideline. The searches covered seven academic databases, and included studies that provided psychometric evidence for one or more of the following generic childhood MAUIs designed to be accompanied by a preference-based value set (any language version): 16D, 17D, AHUM, AQoL-6D, CH-6D, CHSCS-PS, CHU9D, EQ-5D-Y-3L, EQ-5D-Y-5L, HUI2, HUI3, IQI, QWB, and TANDI; used data derived from general and/or clinical childhood populations and from children and/or proxy respondents; and were published in English. The review included ‘direct studies’ that aimed to assess psychometric properties and ‘indirect studies’ that generated psychometric evidence without this explicit aim. Eighteen properties were evaluated using a four-part criteria rating developed from established standards in the literature. Data syntheses identified psychometric evidence gaps and summarised the psychometric assessment methods/results by property. Results Overall, 372 studies were included, generating a catalogue of 2153 criteria rating outputs across 14 instruments covering all properties except predictive validity. The number of outputs varied markedly by instrument and property, ranging from 1 for IQI to 623 for HUI3, and from zero for predictive validity to 500 for known-group validity. The more recently developed instruments targeting preschool children (CHSCS-PS, IQI, TANDI) have greater evidence gaps (lack of any evidence) than longer established instruments such as EQ-5D-Y, HUI2/3, and CHU9D. The gaps were prominent for reliability (test–retest, inter-proxy-rater, inter-modal, internal consistency) and proxy-child agreement. The inclusion of indirect studies ( n  = 209 studies; n  = 900 outputs) increased the number of properties with at least one output of acceptable performance. Common methodological issues in psychometric assessment were identified, e.g., lack of reference measures to help interpret associations and changes. No instrument consistently outperformed others across all properties. Conclusion This review provides comprehensive evidence on the psychometric performance of generic childhood MAUIs. It assists analysts involved in cost-effectiveness-based evaluation to select instruments based on the application-specific minimum standards of scientific rigour. The identified evidence gaps and methodological issues also motivate and inform future psychometric studies and their methods, particularly those assessing reliability, proxy-child agreement, and MAUIs targeting preschool children.
The ability to adaptively guide behaviour requires the integration of external information with internal motivational factors. Decision-making capabilities can be impaired by acute stress and is often exacerbated by chronic pain. Chronic neuropathic pain patients often present with cognitive dysfunction, including impaired decision-making. The mechanisms underlying these changes are not well understood but may include altered monoaminergic transmission in the brain. In this study we investigated the relationships between dopamine, serotonin, and their metabolites in key brain regions that regulate motivated behaviour and decision-making. The neurochemical profiles of the medial prefrontal cortex, orbital prefrontal cortex, and nucleus accumbens were analysed using HPLC in rats that received a chronic constriction injury (CCI) of the right sciatic nerve and an acute stress (15-min restraint), prior to an outcome devaluation task. CCI alone significantly decreased dopamine but not serotonin concentrations in the medial prefrontal cortex. By contrast, restraint stress acutely increased dopamine in the medial prefrontal cortex, and the nucleus accumbens; and increased serotonin in the medial prefrontal cortex 2 h later. The sustained dopaminergic and serotonergic responses to acute stress highlight the importance of an animal’s ability to mount an effective coping response. In addition, these data suggest that the impact of nerve injury and acute stress on outcome-devaluation occurs independently of dopaminergic and serotonergic transmission in the medial prefrontal cortex, orbital prefrontal cortex and nucleus accumbens of rats.
Purpose Pafolacianine, a folate receptor alpha-targeted NIR tracer, has demonstrated clear efficacy in intraoperative molecular imaging–guided (IMI) lung cancer surgery. However, the selection of patients who would benefit from IMI remains challenging given the variability of fluorescence with patient-associated and histopathologic factors. Our goal in this study was to prospectively evaluate whether preoperative FRα/FRβ staining can predict pafolacianine-based fluorescence during real-time lung cancer resections. Methods This was a prospective study conducted between 2018 and 2022 that reviewed core biopsy and intraoperative data from patients with suspected lung cancer. A total of 196 patients were deemed eligible, of whom core biopsies were taken from 38 patients and assessed for FRα and FRβ expression by immunohistochemistry (IHC). All patients underwent infusion of pafolacianine 24 h prior to surgery. Intraoperative fluorescence images were captured with the VisionSense bandpass filter–enabled camera. All histopathologic assessments were performed by a board-certified thoracic pathologist. Results Of the 38 patients, 5 (13.1%) were found to have benign lesions (necrotizing granulomatous inflammation, lymphoid aggregates) and 1 had metastatic non-lung nodule. Thirty (81.5%) had malignant lesions, with the vast majority (23, 77.4%) being lung adenocarcinoma (7 (22.5%) SCC). None of the benign tumors (0/5, 0%) exhibited in vivo fluorescence (mean TBR of 1.72), while 95% of the malignant tumors fluoresced (mean TBR of 3.11 ± 0.31) compared to squamous cell carcinoma (1.89 ± 0.29) of the lung and sarcomatous lung metastasis (2.32 ± 0.09) ( p  < 0.01). The TBR was significantly higher in the malignant tumors ( p  = 0.009). The median FRα and FRβ staining intensities were both 1.5 for benign tumors, while the FRα and FRβ staining intensities were 3 and 2 for malignant tumors, respectively. Increased FRα expression was significantly associated with the presence of fluorescence ( p  = 0.01), Conclusion This prospective study sought to determine whether preoperative FRα and FRβ expression on core biopsy IHC correlates with intraoperative fluorescence during pafolacianine-guided surgery. These results, although of small sample size, including limited non-adenocarcinoma cohort, suggest that performing FRα IHC on preoperative core biopsies of adenocarcinomas as compared to squamous cell carcinomas could provide low-cost, clinically useful information for optimal patient selection which should be further explored in advanced clinical trials.
Abstract The potential of seaweed extracts in cosmetic applications have increased with novel development and market. Beneficial biological properties include the ability to struggle aging and anticancer agents. This research aimed to evaluate antioxidant, photoprotective and cytotoxic properties of extracts from beach-cast seaweed species from the Brazilian coast in order to propose an appropriate use of this sustainable resource. Analysis of antioxidant capacity, UV/VIS absorption, quantification of UV photoprotectors, total content of C, N and S, development of cosmetic creams and evaluation of the cytotoxicity activity against tumoral cells lines were performed. The highest antioxidant capacity was found in extracts of brown seaweeds, followed by red seaweeds, with the lowest activity detected in the green seaweed. Same pattern was observed for phenolic compounds. The extracts did not show cytotoxicity activity against healthy human cells. Other forms of extraction and incorporation of the extract into the base creams should be evaluated, the isolation and purification of substances could increase the efficiency of the photoprotective capacity. The species were highly promising and proved to be natural sources of antioxidants and substances with cytotoxicity activity against tumoral cells; therefore, they could be exploited as functional ingredients with specific applications for different types of industries. The application of seaweed extracts in combination with other natural ingredients can help in the design of new cosmetics against the negative effects of UV radiation, in addition to having the great advantage of not presenting toxicity to health or the environment because they are biodegradable. Graphical Abstract 
Endometrial cancer is a common gynecologic cancer, which is relevant to many differentially expressed genes. Centrosomal protein 55 (CEP55) was proved to be aberrantly expressed in several cancers. However, the function of CEP55 in endometrial cancer remains largely uncertain. The differentially expressed genes in endometrial cancer were analyzed by GEO datasets. CEP55 expression and its correlation to aggressive behaviors and diagnosis were analyzed by TCGA and the Human Protein Atlas databases. The association between CEP55 expression and 5-year overall survival in endometrial cancer was predicted using Kaplan–Meier Plotter database. Cell proliferation and apoptosis were determined by western blotting, EdU staining, TUNEL staining, and LDH release. CEP55-related targets were predicted by LinkedOmics and analyzed by KEGG pathway analysis using KOBAS. Foxo1 level was detected by western blotting. CEP55 expression was increased in endometrial cancer. The upregulated CEP55 was associated with tumor invasion, histologic grade, histological type and poor prognosis in endometrial cancer. CEP55 knockdown decreased PCNA and CDK2 levels and inhibited cell proliferation. Moreover, CEP55 downregulation promoted cell apoptosis, LDH release and increased cl-caspase-3/caspase-3 level. CEP55-related targets were enriched in Foxo1 signaling. CEP55 silencing increased the transcription activity of Foxo1. Inhibition of Foxo1 activity reversed the effect of CEP55 knockdown on cell proliferation and apoptosis. In conclusion, CEP55 knockdown repressed cell proliferation and facilitated apoptosis by regulating the Foxo1 signaling in endometrial cancer.
Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) simulations were performed to investigate hydrodynamics in a vibromixer. The velocity and pressure fields, and power consumption in the mixer were obtained, and compared with experimental data in the literature. The maximum relative error of predicted Newton number (Ne_v) to experimental data is only 5.07%. Furthermore, the effects of vibration frequency, amplitude and vibrating disc diameter on flow field and power consumption were researched. It is found that fluid velocity rises linearly in the mixer with increasing of vibration frequency, amplitude and vibrating disc diameter, while the uniformity of velocity distribution is improved slightly, worsen and improved greatly, respectively. The relationships between averaged power consumption and its corresponding vibration frequency and amplitude are $$\overline{P}$$ P ¯  ∝  f ^3 and $$\overline{P}$$ P ¯  ∝  A ^3, respectively. The ratio of maximum instantaneous power consumption to averaged power consumption ( P _max/ $$\overline{P}$$ P ¯ ) is almost a constant with value about 2.28. Newton number is hardly affected by frequency and amplitude, while increases with the enlargement of vibrating disc diameter. Newton number Ne_v increases by about 2.2 times when disc diameter rises from 0.204 to 0.238 m.
In recent years, the exploration of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) has resulted in substantial progress and has changed the pattern of cancer treatment. ICIs have revolutionized the treatment landscape of microsatellite instable colorectal cancer while the efficacy is very limited in patients with microsatellite stable colorectal cancer. Therefore, sensitizing MSS CRC to immunotherapy is a major challenge in the field of CRC immunotherapy. Immunotherapy-based combination therapy is an effective strategy. This review of radiotherapy (RT) as a local treatment has dramatically changed in recent years, and it is now widely accepted that RT can deeply reshape the tumor environment by modulating the immune response. Such evidence gives a strong rationale for the synergism of radiotherapy and immunotherapy, introducing the era of ‘immunoradiotherapy’. How to give full play to the synergistic effect of radiotherapy and immunotherapy to improve the therapeutic effect of MSS CRC and bring good prognosis is a hot problem to be solved in the field of cancer treatment.This article reviews the development of CRC immunotherapy, the immune resistance mechanism of MSS CRC, and the impact and potential value of immunotherapy combined with radiotherapy on the immune environment of CRC.
Purpose To examine the relationship between deployment-related concussion and long-term health-related quality of life (HRQoL) among injured US military personnel. Methods The study sample included 810 service members with deployment-related injuries between 2008 and 2012 who responded to a web-based longitudinal health survey. Participants were categorized into three injury groups: concussion with loss of consciousness (LOC; n  = 247), concussion without LOC ( n  = 317), or no concussion ( n  = 246). HRQoL was measured using the 36-Item Short Form Health Survey physical and mental component summary (PCS and MCS) scores. Current post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and depression symptoms were examined. Multivariable linear regression models assessed the effects of concussion on PCS and MCS scores, while controlling for covariates. Results A lower PCS score was observed in participants with concussion with LOC ( B  =  − 2.65, p  = 0.003) compared with those with no history of concussion. Symptoms of PTSD (PCS: B  =  − 4.84, p  < 0.001; MCS: B  =  − 10.53, p  < 0.001) and depression (PCS: B  =  − 2.85, p  < 0.001; MCS: B  =  − 10.24, p  < 0.001) were the strongest statistically significant predictors of lower HRQoL. Conclusion Concussion with LOC was significantly associated with lower HRQoL in the physical domain. These findings affirm that concussion management should integrate physical and psychological care to improve long-term HRQoL and warrant a more detailed examination of causal and mediating mechanisms. Future research should continue to incorporate patient-reported outcomes and long-term follow-up of military service members to further define the lifelong impact of deployment-related concussion.
Lithium is one of the most effect mood-stabilizing drugs prescribed especially for bipolar disorder. Lithium has wide range effects on different molecular factors and neural transmission including dopaminergic signaling. On the other hand, mesolimbic and mesocortical dopaminergic signaling is significantly involved in the pathophysiology of neuropsychiatric disorders. This review article aims to study lithium therapeutic mechanisms, dopaminergic signaling, and the interaction of lithium and dopamine. We concluded that acute and chronic lithium treatments often reduce dopamine synthesis and level in the brain. However, some studies have reported conflicting results following lithium treatment, especially chronic treatment. The dosage, duration, and type of lithium administration, and the brain region selected for measuring dopamine level were not significant differences in different chronic treatments used in previous studies. It was suggested that lithium has various mechanisms affecting dopaminergic signaling and mood, and that many molecular factors can be involved, including brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), cAMP response element-binding protein (CREB), β-catenin, protein kinase B (Akt), and glycogen synthase kinase-3 beta (GSK-3β). Thus, molecular effects of lithium can be the most important mechanisms of lithium that also alter neural transmissions including dopaminergic signaling in mesolimbic and mesocortical pathways.
Coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) is associated with cytokine storm and is characterized by acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and pneumonia problems. The respiratory system is a place of inappropriate activation of the immune system in people with multiple sclerosis (MS), and this may cause damage to the lung and worsen both MS and infections. The concerns for patients with multiple sclerosis are because of an enhance risk of infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The MS patients pose challenges in this pandemic situation, because of the regulatory defect of autoreactivity of the immune system and neurological and respiratory tract symptoms. In this review, we first indicate respiratory issues associated with both diseases. Then, the main mechanisms inducing lung damages and also impairing the respiratory muscles in individuals with both diseases is discussed. At the end, the leading role of physical exercise on mitigating respiratory issues inducing mechanisms is meticulously evaluated.
Laccases are multicopper-containing enzymes that have the ability to oxidize a wide variety of substrates with a single electron transfer reaction. These are environmentally benign versatile biocatalysts that have gained great interest in the biotechnological community since they utilize molecular oxygen as the last electron acceptor and only produce water as a byproduct. This family of enzymes has been widely used in a broad variety of applications, ranging from food additives and beverage processing to biological diagnostics and even as crosslinking agents in the furniture construction and manufacture of biofuels. Considering the benefits of enzyme immobilization, there has been a dramatic increase in applying immobilized laccases in recent years. Despite the impressive biotechnological promise, the use of laccases in the real world is still constrained by cost–benefit analysis, particularly in terms of practically large-scale production. The enzyme industry is booming research on laccase production, and use neglects to include the economic impact of the operations. Because of their ability to metabolize complex xenobiotics, they are also useful biocatalysts in enzymatic bioremediation processes, such as wastewater treatment. This study discusses the most important and recent breakthroughs in the biocatalytic attributes, sources, and exploitation of laccases in biotechnology for a sustainable industry. Graphical Abstract 
This single-centre prospective feasibility study (UMIN000030232) evaluated whether zinc supplementation was safe and effective for improving outcomes among patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Within 24 h after successful primary percutaneous coronary intervention, consenting patients with AMI were randomly assigned 1:1 to receive conventional treatment (conventional treatment group) or conventional treatment plus zinc acetate supplementation (zinc supplementation group). The two groups were compared in terms of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), and scar size, which was evaluated using cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) at 4 weeks after discharge. A total of 56 patients underwent randomization (with 26 assigned to the zinc supplementation group and 27 to the conventional treatment group). The two groups had generally similar laboratory findings and clinical characteristics. The two groups also had similar lengths of hospital stay and rates of MACE. Forty of the 53 patients underwent CMR and it revealed that % core zone was numerically lower in the zinc supplementation group than in the conventional treatment group (9.3 ± 6.9% vs. 14.2 ± 9.1%, P = 0.07). This small single-centre study failed to detect a significant reduction in mid-term MACE after AMI among patients who received zinc supplementation.
Fallopia japonica and Impatiens glandulifera are major plant invaders on a global scale that often become dominant in riparian areas. However, little is known about how these species affect interactions in soil–plant systems. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of both species on abiotic and biotic soil properties, with a special focus on fungi. We investigated eight sites along small streams invaded by F. japonica and I. glandulifera , respectively, and compared each with nearby sites dominated by the native species Urtica dioica . Three different types of samples were collected: bulk soil, rhizosphere soil and roots from invasive and native stands at each site. Bulk soil samples were analysed for soil physicochemical, microbial properties (soil microbial respiration and ergosterol) and soil arthropod abundance (Acari and Collembola). Soil respiration was also evaluated in rhizosphere samples. The fungal community composition of both bulk soil and roots were analysed using a metabarcoding approach. Soil physicochemical properties as well as soil microbial activity, fungal biomass and soil fungal operational unit taxonomic unit (OTU) richness did not differ between invaded and native riparian habitats, indicating only minor belowground impacts of the two invasive plant species. Soil microbial activity, fungal biomass and soil fungal OTU richness were rather related to the soil physicochemical properties. In contrast, Acari abundance decreased by 68% in the presence of F. japonica , while Collembola abundance increased by 11% in I. glandulifera sites. Moreover, root-associated fungal communities differed between the invasive and native plants. In F. japonica roots, fungal OTU richness of all investigated ecological groups (mycorrhiza, endophytes, parasites, saprobes) were lower compared to U. dioica . However, in I. glandulifera roots only the OTU richness of mycorrhiza and saprobic fungi was lower. Overall, our findings show that F. japonica and I. glandulifera can influence the abundance of soil arthropods and are characterized by lower OTU richness of root-associated fungi.
Hope is essential to mental health recovery, yet little is known about how mental health services can foster hope. This paper addresses the question: How can mental health services influence the sense of hope experienced by people who access their services? Sixty-one people who accessed a new mental health service were interviewed about their experiences, including about how the service had influenced their sense of hope. Interviews were analysed using constant comparative analysis. The data revealed that hope increased when people perceived positive changes in themselves and their circumstances: developing new understandings and perspectives; having effective strategies to manage challenges; seeing progress or having plans; and having support. Changes were attributed to three major features of the service: accessibility; staff competence and wisdom; and caring interactions. The findings highlight that, while individual clinicians are important, other interactions with services and the wider service context are also critical for facilitating hope.
Epilepsy is a common and severe neurological disorder in which impaired glucose metabolism leads to changes in neuronal excitability that slow or promote the development of epilepsy. Leptin and adiponectin are important mediators regulating glucose metabolism in the peripheral and central nervous systems. Many studies have reported a strong association between epilepsy and these two adipokines involved in multiple signaling cascades and glucose metabolism. Due to the complex regulatory mechanisms between them and various signal activation networks, their role in epilepsy involves many aspects, including the release of inflammatory mediators, oxidative damage, and neuronal apoptosis. This paper aims to summarize the signaling pathways involved in leptin and adiponectin and the regulation of glucose metabolism from the perspective of the pathogenesis of epilepsy. In particular, we discuss the dual effects of leptin in epilepsy and the relationship between antiepileptic drugs and changes in the levels of these two adipokines. Clinical practitioners may need to consider these factors in evaluating clinical drugs. Through this review, we can better understand the specific involvement of leptin and adiponectin in the pathogenesis of epilepsy, provide ideas for further exploration, and bring about practical significance for the treatment of epilepsy, especially for the development of personalized treatment according to individual metabolic characteristics.
Purpose Evaluating procedure-related complications and perinatal outcomes after intrauterine transfusion (IUT) before or after 20^+0 weeks of gestation in fetuses with severe anemia due to intrauterine human parvovirus B19 infection. Methods A retrospective study investigating fetuses requiring IUT for fetal Parvo B19 infection in two tertiary referral centers between December 2002 and December 2021. Procedure-related complications, intrauterine fetal death (IUFD), and perinatal outcome were correlated to gestational age (GA) at first IUT, the presence of hydrops and fetal blood sampling results. Results A total of 186 IUTs were performed in 103 fetuses. The median GA at first IUT was 19^+3 (13^+0–31^+4) weeks of gestation. IUFD occurred in 16/103 fetuses (15.5%). Overall survival was 84.5% (87/103). Hydrops ( p  = 0.001), lower mean hemoglobin at first IUT ( p  = 0.001) and low platelets ( p  = 0.002) were strongly associated with IUFD. There was no difference observed in fetuses transfused before or after 20^+0 weeks of gestation. Conclusion IUT is a successful treatment option in fetuses affected by severe anemia due to parvovirus B19 infection in specialized centers. In experienced hands, IUT before 20 weeks is not related to worse perinatal outcome.
The fragile X protein (FXP) family comprises the multifunctional RNA-binding proteins FMR1, FXR1, and FXR2 that play an important role in RNA metabolism and regulation of translation, but also in DNA damage and cellular stress responses, mitochondrial organization, and more. FMR1 is well known for its implication in neurodevelopmental diseases. Recent evidence suggests substantial contribution of this protein family to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) pathogenesis. ALS is a highly heterogeneous neurodegenerative disease with multiple genetic and unclear environmental causes and very limited treatment options. The loss of motoneurons in ALS is still poorly understood, especially because pathogenic mechanisms are often restricted to patients with mutations in specific causative genes. Identification of converging disease mechanisms evident in most patients and suitable for therapeutic intervention is therefore of high importance. Recently, deregulation of the FXPs has been linked to pathogenic processes in different types of ALS. Strikingly, in many cases, available data points towards loss of expression and/or function of the FXPs early in the disease, or even at the presymptomatic state. In this review, we briefly introduce the FXPs and summarize available data about these proteins in ALS. This includes their relation to TDP-43, FUS, and ALS-related miRNAs, as well as their possible contribution to pathogenic protein aggregation and defective RNA editing. Furthermore, open questions that need to be addressed before definitively judging suitability of these proteins as novel therapeutic targets are discussed.
Purpose of Review To synthesize the existing literature regarding the complex interplay between sleep disturbance, obesity, and diabetes. The review emphasizes the three pillars of health being diet, exercise, and sleep, with the notion that if one is ignored, then the other two could suffer. Recent Findings Sleep deprivation is associated with incident obesity, perhaps mediated by dysregulation in leptin and ghrelin — hormones important in regulation of appetite. Sleep apnea is very common particularly among obese people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Treatment of sleep apnea has clear symptomatic benefits although its impact on long-term cardiometabolic health is less clear. Summary Sleep disturbance may be an important modifiable risk for patients at risk of cardiometabolic disease. An assessment of sleep health may be an important component of the comprehensive care of patients with obesity and diabetes mellitus.
Tubulins are the highly conserved subunit of microtubules which involve in various fundamental functions including brain development. Microtubules help in neuronal proliferation, migration, differentiation, cargo transport along the axons, synapse formation, and many more. Tubulin gene family consisting of multiple isotypes, their differential expression and varied post translational modifications create a whole new level of complexity and diversity in accomplishing manifold neuronal functions. The studies on the relation between tubulin genes and brain development opened a new avenue to understand the role of each tubulin isotype in neurodevelopment. Mutations in tubulin genes are reported to cause brain development defects especially cortical malformations, referred as tubulinopathies. There is an increased need to understand the molecular correlation between various tubulin mutations and the associated brain pathology. Recently, mutations in tubulin isotypes ( TUBA1A , TUBB , TUBB1 , TUBB2A , TUBB2B , TUBB3 , and TUBG1 ) have been linked to cause various neurodevelopmental defects like lissencephaly, microcephaly, cortical dysplasia, polymicrogyria, schizencephaly, subcortical band heterotopia, periventricular heterotopia, corpus callosum agenesis, and cerebellar hypoplasia. This review summarizes on the microtubule dynamics, their role in neurodevelopment, tubulin isotypes, post translational modifications, and the role of tubulin mutations in causing specific neurodevelopmental defects. A comprehensive list containing all the reported tubulin pathogenic variants associated with brain developmental defects has been prepared to give a bird’s eye view on the broad range of tubulin functions.
In the southeastern part of Chios Island, Greece, exotic blocks of amphibolites and serpentinized peridotite can be found within a narrow, approximately N–S elongated area adjacent to non-metamorphosed sedimentary strata of Triassic age to its west and of Cenozoic age to its east. In this work, we present for the first time petrological and mineral chemical data for the amphibolites and ultramafic rock fragments from SE Chios Island, describe their possible origin and estimate the metamorphic pressure–temperature conditions and the age of metamorphic overprint. The protoliths of the amphibolites were mafic rocks of enriched (Type I amphibolite) and normal (Type II amphibolite) mid-ocean ridge character metamorphosed under upper amphibolite-facies conditions at 640–780 °C and 5–7 kbar. U–Pb isotopic data from titanite from three amphibolites yielded early Middle to early Late Jurassic lower intercept ages, which we interpret as the age of metamorphism during oceanic lithosphere emplacement. The peridotite is strongly serpentinized, mainly containing lizardite, which implies low-grade metamorphic conditions. With the exception of alteration rims, Cr- and Mg-numbers of the chrome spinel from the serpentinized peridotite range from 10–26 and 69–79, respectively, a range similar to abyssal peridotites of the subcontinental lithospheric mantle. We suggest that the amphibolites and ultramafic rocks represent separate fragments within a mélange, most likely of tectonic rather than accretionary origin. Metamorphism of the amphibolites took place prior to their presumed emplacement in the mélange. The mafic and ultramafic rock fragments of Chios preserve a different sort of subcontinental signature than that largely reported elsewhere within the Eastern Mediterranean ophiolite belts. A correlation with rocks of mélange units in western Turkey or in the northern and/or southern Aegean region is discussed.
Whole-exome sequencing (WES) is an excellent method for the diagnosis of diseases of uncertain or heterogeneous genetic origin. However, it has limitations for detecting structural variations such as InDels, which the bioinformatics analyzers must be aware of. This study aimed at using WES to evaluate the genetic cause of the metabolic crisis in a 3-day-old neonate admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and deceased after a few days. Tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) showed a significant increase in propionyl carnitine (C3), proposing methylmalonic acidemia (MMA) or propionic acidemia (PA). WES demonstrated a homozygous missense variant in exon 4 of the BTD gene (NM_000060.4( BTD ):c.1330G > C), responsible for partial biotinidase deficiency. Segregation analysis of the BTD variant revealed the homozygous status of the asymptomatic mother. Furthermore, observation of the bam file, around genes responsible for PA or MMA, by Integrative Genomics Viewer (IGV) software displayed a homozygous large deletion in the  PCCA  gene. Comprehensive confirmatory studies identified and segregated a novel outframe deletion of 217,877 bp length, “NG_008768.1:g.185211_403087delinsTA”, extended from intron 11 to 21 of the PCCA , inducing a premature termination codon and activation of nonsense-mediated mRNA decay (NMD). Homology modeling of the mutant PCCA demonstrated eliminating the protein's active site and critical functional domains. Thereupon, this novel variant is suggested as the largest deletion in the PCCA gene, causing an acute early-onset PA. These results could expand the PCCA variants spectrum, and improve the existing knowledge on the molecular basis of PA, as well as provide new evidence of pathogenicity of the variant (NM_000060.4( BTD ):c.1330G > C.
Limited research has examined the mental health of individuals experiencing homelessness in Hawai‘i, which bears the nation’s second highest homelessness rate. Mental health, substance use, treatment need, and health data were collected from 162 unhoused individuals in Hawai‘i County by visiting community locations where they congregate (e.g., beaches, vacant buildings). 77% of participants were Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander (NH/PI) with participants demonstrating severe rates of mental and substance use disorders including 57% experiencing major depressive disorder (MDD), 56% experiencing generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), and 64%, 74%, and 12% experiencing alcohol, methamphetamine, and opioid use disorders, respectively—heightening overdose risk. Treatment need was high (62%) but health was poor (85% reporting fair/poor health), with MDD and GAD predicting reduced general health (p < 0.05). Study findings indicate Hawai‘i unhoused individuals are disproportionately Indigenous NH/PI, enduring striking mental and physical health disparities that may be reduced by increasing access/utilization of community mental health programs/services.
Purpose Head rotation is an effective positional therapy for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). However, not all OSA patients benefit from head rotation. This study aimed to explore the clinical phenotype of OSA patients who can benefit from head rotation. Methods We performed a retrospective review of 184 consecutive OSA patients who underwent polysomnography. Head rotation in supine position was determined by high-quality video recording. According to the changes in apnea–hypopnea index (AHI) after head rotation, OSA patients were divided into two groups: patients with response to head rotation(HR) and patients without response to head rotation(NHR). Demographic factors and overnight polysomnography were analyzed. Results Compared with NHR group, HR group showed significantly lower AHI (51.8 vs 31.5, p  < 0.01), time spent with oxygen saturation below 90%(5.3% vs 0.51%, p  < 0.01), and higher lowest oxygen saturation(80% vs 86%, p  < 0.05). Logistic regression showed that AHI was an independent factor to predict the decrease of AHI in head rotation (OR 0.985, 95% CI 0.970–0.979, p  < 0.05). Among mild to moderate group (AHI < 30/h), severe group (30/h ≤ AHI < 60/h), and extremely severe group (AHI ≥ 60/h), the percentage decrease of AHI in head rotation was 18.5%, 9.5%, and 2.6%, respectively. Surprisingly, the percentage decrease of AHI of 6 responders in mild to moderate group was more than 50%. Conclusion OSA patients who respond well to head rotation have less severe disease, and patients with mild to moderate OSA are more likely to improve and benefit from this position. Our research provides potential strategies and insights into the individual treatment of OSA patients.
Episodic memory (EM) develops up to early adulthood, and declines in aging, following an inverted U-shaped profile. This study assessed the contribution of both Control (processes enabling adaptive and flexible behaviour in line with current goals) and Representation (crystallized schemas involved in memory and general knowledge) as factors likely to underlie this pattern of change. We hypothesized that these two cognitive resources are differentially involved in EM performance across development and aging. Participants from 8 to 80 years were administered a free-recall task and tests measuring control and representation. Results show that EM and control scores follow an inverted U-shaped profile (i.e., quadratic relationship), whereas representation increases across the lifespan. EM was associated with representation at all ages, while it was associated with control only in the youngest children and in the adults groups. Representation mainly contributed to age-related difference in EM performance across development. Across aging, control, and to a lesser extent, representation, accounted for EM performance decline. These results showed that EM development and decline do not depend on the same cognitive resources, increased representation being crucial for EM development, and a decline in control with advancing age being responsible for the age-related change in EM performance.
Migraine is a debilitating disorder affecting females more frequently than males. There is some evidence that drugs targeting glutamate receptors: memantine and ketamine might be beneficial in the therapy of this entity. Therefore, the purpose of this work is to present NMDA receptor antagonists, memantine and ketamine, as potential anti-migraine agents. We searched PubMed/MEDLINE, Embase, and clinical trials submitted to ClinicalTrials.gov to find publications describing eligible trials published between database inception and December 31, 2021. This comprehensive literature review summarizes data on the use of the NMDA receptor antagonists memantine and ketamine in the pharmacotherapy of migraine. Results from 20 previous and recent preclinical experiments are discussed and correlated with 19 clinical trials (including case series, open-label, and randomized placebo-controlled trials). For the purposes of this review, the authors hypothesized that the propagation of SD is a major mechanism in the pathophysiology of migraine. In several animal studies and in vitro studies, memantine and ketamine inhibited or reduced propagation of the SD. In addition, the results of clinical trials suggest that memantine or ketamine may be an effective treatment option for migraine. However, most studies on these agents lack control group. Although further clinical trials are needed, the results suggest that ketamine or memantine may be promising molecules for the treatment of severe migraine. Particular attention should be paid to people who have a treatment-resistant form of migraine with aura or have exhausted existing treatment options. For them, the drugs under discussion could represent an interesting alternative in the future.
The northern Indian River Lagoon (IRL) has been experiencing severe water quality degradation and phytoplankton blooms in the last decade or so. Two important factors for maintaining high water quality in estuaries are the water residence time and connectivity. Here we used a newly developed high-resolution hydrodynamic model to investigate both factors in this area. Two types of numerical experiments have been carried out: (1) tracer dilution experiments in which an inert tracer was released from selected sub-basins and tracked for 3 months, and (2) particle experiments in which a number of neutrally buoyant particles were released from selected areas and tracked for 1 month. The results indicate that surface winds may drive complex yet coherent residual circulation, including semi-enclosed re-circulation cells, within each subbasin, with the patterns mainly depending on the directions of prevailing winds. These patterns may promote retention of waters and transport barriers within sub-basins, leading to long water residence time with limited connectivity between sub-basins, and spatial heterogeneity of water properties such as salinity, nutrients, organic matter, and dissolved oxygen. Despite their transient nature (weekly to monthly), these dynamic features and associated processes may also significantly affect the development of phytoplankton blooms and marine habitats in this region. On the other hand, water throughout the lagoon was strongly influenced by the water level in the coastal oceans, especially the frontal position of the Gulf Stream. This suggests that water exchanges through the inlets, albeit limited, are important to the water quality and phytoplankton blooms in the lagoon.
Context The dramatic expansion of urban lands has caused widespread cropland losses in China, yet little evidence is given on the progress of such transformation spatial–temporal explicitly. Objectives The present study aims to disentangle the underlying interaction between urban expansion and cropland loss as well as its socioeconomic drivers and future trends. Methods We analyzed the extent of cropland loss resulting from urban expansion among different regions and city tiers using China’s annual land cover datasets. We then introduced the Environmental Kuznets Curve hypothesis to examine the relationship between such progressive changes and economic growth through panel data regressions. By combing the future urban land expansion datasets, we further estimated the pressure of potential cropland loss under five shared socioeconomic pathways. Results Urban expansion directly led to a loss of 12 Mha croplands during 1990–2019. Nearly 84% of newly built urban lands occurred on croplands, with higher-tier cities experiencing more severe and direct losses. There exists an inverted-U shape relationship between cropland-urban land conversion and economic factors in China. Most 1st, newly 1st, and 2nd tier cities followed this decoupling pattern while some of the lower-tier cities were characterized by the increase or decline mode. It is estimated that 3.9–4.9 Mha of the existing croplands will be replaced by future urban land expansion by 2050, where 2nd and 3rd tier cities will have the greatest loss in terms of accumulative area. Conclusions These findings highlight the important role of land use transition and adaptive planning policies in ensuring food security and achieving sustainable development goals.
Optimization problems are widely used in many real-world applications. These problems are rarely unconstrained and are usually considered constrained optimization problems. Regarding the number of objectives, the optimization problems can be categorized into single- (for one), multi- (usually for two and three), and many- (more than three) objective optimization problems. In this paper, an Any-Objective Optimization (AOO) framework is introduced based on Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) models. The term any-objective optimization is coined to indicate the generalized structure of the proposed algorithm that regardless of the number of objectives, can solve the constrained optimization problems with any number of objectives. To trade off the multiple conflicting objectives, RL algorithms can be extended to a framework called Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning (MORL). By converting a constrained optimization problem into an environment that can be explored by the MORL and deep learning algorithms, any constrained optimization problem can be tackled. In this research, to solve a constrained optimization problem with any number of objective functions, a novel reward function is introduced, and the algorithm begins a heuristic search in the environment to find the optimal solution(s) and generates an archive of the optimal Pareto front solution. The corresponding environment is constructed modular, such that any RL algorithm with arbitrary reward function types (scalar or vector) can be utilized. To evaluate the proposed algorithm, some popular test function-defined constrained optimization problems with continuous variable and objective spaces as illustrative examples are considered, and five of the widely used DRL algorithms are implemented to test the case studies. To demonstrate the capabilities of the proposed algorithm, the obtained results are compared with structurally similar GA-based well-known existing single-, multi-, and many-objective optimization algorithms, respectively. The results show that the proposed framework can be a well-performing baseline for a new type of DRL-based optimization algorithm.
Objective This study investigated the physical workload of home care service workers and determined whether the different intensities of physical work strain experienced by home care nurses have different impacts on their recovery from work. Methods Physical workload and recovery were measured among 95 home care nurses based on heart rate (HR) and heart rate variability (HRV) recordings during one work shift and the following night. Differences in the physical work strain were compared between younger (≤ 44-year-old) and older (≥ 45-year-old) employees and between morning and evening shifts. To determine the effects of occupational physical activity on recovery, HRV at all time points (during the workday, when awake and asleep, and whole measurement) in relation to the amount of occupational physical activity was examined. Results The average physiological strain during the work shift, measured as metabolic equivalent (MET), was 1.8 ± 0.5. Moreover, the occupational physical demands in relation to maximal capacity were higher for the older employees. The results of the study showed that a higher occupational physical workload reduced the HRV of home care workers during the workday, leisure time, and sleep. Conclusions These data indicate that increased occupational physical workload is associated with reduced recovery among home care workers. Therefore, decreasing occupational strain and ensuring sufficient recovery is recommended.
Clustering has primarily been used as an analytical technique to group unlabeled data for extracting meaningful information. The fact that no clustering algorithm can solve all clustering problems has resulted in the development of several clustering algorithms with diverse applications. We review data clustering, intending to underscore recent applications in selected industrial sectors and other notable concepts. In this paper, we begin by highlighting clustering components and discussing classification terminologies. Furthermore, specific, and general applications of clustering are discussed. Notable concepts on clustering algorithms, emerging variants, measures of similarities/dissimilarities, issues surrounding clustering optimization, validation and data types are outlined. Suggestions are made to emphasize the continued interest in clustering techniques both by scholars and Industry practitioners. Key findings in this review show the size of data as a classification criterion and as data sizes for clustering become larger and varied, the determination of the optimal number of clusters will require new feature extracting methods, validation indices and clustering techniques. In addition, clustering techniques have found growing use in key industry sectors linked to the sustainable development goals such as manufacturing, transportation and logistics, energy, and healthcare, where the use of clustering is more integrated with other analytical techniques than a stand-alone clustering technique.
Identifying the risk of ochratoxin A in our daily food has become fundamental because of its toxicity. In this work, we report a novel semi-automated in-syringe-based fast mycotoxin extraction (IS-FaMEx) technique coupled with direct-injection electrospray-ionization tandem mass spectrometer (ESI-MS/MS) detection for the quantification of ochratoxin A in coffee and tea samples. Under the optimized conditions, the results reveal that the developed method’s linearity was more remarkable, with a correlation coefficient of > 0.999 and > 92% extraction recovery with a precision of 6%. The detection and quantification limits for ochratoxin A were 0.2 and 0.8 ng g^−1 for the developed method, respectively, which is lower than the European Union regulatory limit of toxicity for ochratoxin-A (5 ng g^−1) in coffee. Furthermore, the newly developed modified IS-FaMEx-ESI-MS/MS exhibited lower signal suppression of 8% with a good green metric score of 0.64. In addition, the IS-FaMEx-ESI-MS/MS showed good extraction recovery, matrix elimination, good detection, and quantification limits with high accuracy and precision due to the fewer extraction steps with semi-automation. Therefore, the presented method can be applied as a potential methodology for the detection of mycotoxins in food products for food safety and quality control purposes.
Undoped znc aluminate (ZnAl_2O_4) nanocrystals were prepared via microwave combustion using natural black pepper extract as fuel. We present the effect of annealing temperatures on the luminescence, structural, and optical properties of zinc aluminate nanocrystals. The samples were chemically and structurally characterized by different techniques including x-ray diffraction, energy dispersive x-ray spectroscopy, Fourier-transform infra-red, and Raman spectroscopy. Further, the optical and luminescence behavior was studied by diffuse reflectance and photoluminescence measurements. The results indicated the formation of normal spinel, single phase ZnAl_2O_4 with the size in the range 8–22 nm changed by the annealing temperature. No structural transformation was observed after annealing up to 900°C. The presence of Zn-O, Al-O, and Al-Zn bonds and the change in the bond length of the Zn-O bond after annealing the zinc aluminate spinel revealed the existence of certain antisite defects. The annealed zinc aluminate nanocrystals presented an improvement in optical reflectivity (86%) in the visible region and a strong absorption band near 220 nm. In the photoluminescence study, emission bands in the violet-blue regions with weak emission in the green region were observed under UV excitation wavelengths. It was found that the annealing temperature influences a major impact on defects formation and defect-related luminescence characteristics. A significantly enhanced broad blue emission band centered at ~ 450 nm was dominant after thermal treatment, confirmed by the CIE diagram. The possible electronic transitions are presented and discussed by an energy-level diagram. The average decay time of the ZnAl_2O_4 nanocrystals annealed at 900°C measured by photoluminescence decay was 0.21 ms. Thus, prepared ZnAl_2O_4 nanocrystals can be potentially applied for solid-state lighting as blue-emitting luminescent material and for biosensing applications.
Cognitive flexibility (CF) is an executive function component related to the ability to flexibly shift amongst multiple incompatible perspectives or descriptions of an object task. However, whether CF enhances the narrative discourse comprehension of students with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) during surface semantic meaning identification remains unclear. This study aimed to examine the impacts of CF on central word (CW) identification amongst primary school students with ADHD and reading comprehension difficulties (i.e. scores in the ≤ 25th percentile of discourse comprehension but with adequate decoding skills and average decoding performance score within one standard deviation). In addition, the association of CF with CW identification performance, when the CW was located in either the first or second half of sentences, was tested with and without the interference of playing music. This study recruited 104 low-CF and 103 high-CF first grade students with ADHD and reading difficulties. Participants received measures of nonverbal intelligence, working memory, Chinese receptive vocabulary, Chinese word reading, CF and a music preference questionnaire. Additionally, participants completed the entire CW identification experiment (about 7 min) individually in a silent classroom located within the school campus. After controlling nonverbal intelligence, working memory, music preference, Chinese receptive vocabulary and Chinese word reading, the results showed that high-CF students had similar poetry discourse comprehension performance with low-CF students when the CWs were at the second half of a sentence. Moreover, high-CF students showed significantly better performance than low-CF students when the CWs were at the first half of the poetry sentences in both conditions with and without music, especially if the poetry sentence structure was more complicated than the typical ‘subject-verb-object’ sequence. All students with ADHD performed significantly worse in poetry discourse comprehension with music interference than without it. The results highlight the importance of CF in poetry discourse comprehension tasks, particularly when a poetry sentence uses a non-typical structure format. The possible effects of CF on poetry discourse comprehension are also discussed.
Context Changes in disturbance regimes, including reductions in flooding and geomorphic dynamism from dam construction and flow regulation, have facilitated invasion by eastern redcedar ( Juniperus virginiana L.), an upland tree species, in the understory of floodplain forests along the Missouri National Recreational River (MNRR). Objectives Our aim was to determine the spatiotemporal patterns and environmental drivers of redcedar invasion along the MNRR. Methods We used the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) calculated from winter Landsat imagery to construct a time series of maps showing spatial changes in redcedar abundance and distribution from 1982 to 2017 in both riparian and upland habitats along the MNRR. We determined how environmental factors (e.g., soil drainage ability, flood recurrence interval, 1980s LULC, lateral distance to the river, and channel incision) have influenced current (2017) redcedar occurrence and abundance in riparian habitats using random forest models (RFM). Results Time-series maps indicated that detectable redcedar cover occurred over less than 5% of the study area before 1985, increased steadily from 1985 to 2000, and more than tripled from 2000 to 2010. After 2010, redcedar abundance continued to increase in upland areas but declined following the 2011 Missouri River flood in the floodplain. RFMs indicated that river incision, distance to the river, soil drainage, 1984 LULC, and flood recurrence interval were important features influencing redcedar occurrence and abundance in the floodplain. Conclusion Unless preventive measures are implemented, lack of floods and ongoing flow regulation will enable the continued spread of redcedar along the MNRR and other regulated rivers in the eastern Great Plains.
Purpose TSPO PET with radioligand [^18F]DPA-714 is an emerging molecular imaging technique that reflects cerebral inflammation and microglial activation, and it has been recently used in central nervous system diseases. In this study, we aimed to investigate the neuroinflammation pattern of anti-leucine-rich glioma-inactivated 1 (LGI1) protein autoimmune encephalitis (AIE) and to evaluate its possible correlation with clinical phenotypes. Methods Twenty patients with anti-LGI1 encephalitis from the autoimmune encephalitis cohort in Huashan Hospital and ten with other AIE and non-inflammatory diseases that underwent TSPO PET imaging were included in the current study. Increased regional [^18F]DPA-714 retention in anti-LGI1 encephalitis was detected on a voxel basis using statistic parametric mapping analysis. Multiple correspondence analysis and hierarchical clustering were conducted for discriminate subgroups in anti-LGI1 encephalitis. Standardized uptake value ratios normalized to the cerebellum (SUVRc) were calculated for semiquantitative analysis of TSPO PET features between different LGI1-AIE subgroups. Results Increased regional retention of [^18F]DPA-714 was identified in the bilateral hippocampus, caudate nucleus, and frontal cortex in LGI1-AIE patients. Two subgroups of LGI1-AIE patients were distinguished based on the top seven common symptoms. Patients in cluster 1 had a high frequency of facio-brachial dystonic seizures than those in cluster 2 ( p  = 0.004), whereas patients in cluster 2 had a higher frequency of general tonic–clonic (GTC) seizures than those in cluster 1 ( p  < 0.001). Supplementary motor area and superior frontal gyrus showed higher [^18F]DPA-714 retention in cluster 2 patients compared with those in cluster 1 ( p  = 0.024; p  = 0.04, respectively). Conclusions Anti-LGI1 encephalitis had a distinctive molecular imaging pattern presented by TSPO PET scan. LGI1-AIE patients with higher retention of [^18F]DPA-714 in the frontal cortex were more prone to present with GTC seizures. Further studies are required for verifying its value in clinical application.
The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC), as the basic film-forming material, on the properties of edible films and coatings and, on the other hand, to examine the addition of cellulose nanocrystals (CNC) or/and cyclodextrin (CD) to the HPMC films in various proportions. The investigation of the HPMC-CNC-CD triple combination was executed in the context of exploring innovative material combinations and enriching the existing literature in this field. Specifically, not only the properties of the final formed films and coatings were thoroughly investigated, but also the properties of the solutions from which they were formed. Thus, the addition of both CNC and CD improved most of the properties of the HPMC-based films. Specifically, with CNC as well as CD, oxygen and water vapor permeability decreased, while transparency and heterogeneity increased. Beyond that, CNC led to more stable structures with enhanced mechanical properties, whereas CD led to improved optical properties. Finally, the minimum viscosity value required to form a homogenous HPMC-CNC-CD film was determined at 2.94 mPa·s which corresponds to proportions of 50–30-20.
Metabolic reprogramming of immune cells modulates their function and reduces the severity of autoimmune diseases. However, the long-term effects of the metabolically reprogrammed cells, specifically in the case of immune flare-ups, need to be examined. Herein, a re-induction rheumatoid arthritis (RA) mouse model was developed by injecting T-cells from RA mice into drug-treated mice to recapitulate the effects of T-cell-mediated inflammation and mimic immune flare-ups. Immune metabolic modulator paKG(PFK15 + bc2) microparticles (MPs) were shown to reduce clinical symptoms of RA in collagen-induced arthritis (CIA) mice. Upon re-induction, a significant delay in the reappearance of clinical symptoms in the paKG(PFK15 + bc2) microparticle treatment group was observed as compared to equal or higher doses of the clinically utilized U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug, Methotrexate (MTX). Furthermore, paKG(PFK15 + bc2) microparticle-treated mice were able to lower activated dendritic cells (DCs) and inflammatory T helper cell 1 (T_H1) and increased activated, proliferating regulatory T-cells (T_regs) more effectively than MTX. The paKG(PFK15 + bc2) microparticles also led to a significant reduction in paw inflammation in mice as compared to MTX treatment. This study can pave the way for the development of flare-up mouse models and antigen-specific drug treatments. Graphical Abstract 
Egg pasta contains high amount of cholesterol, that upon oxidation, generates oxysterols (COPs), which play a key role in the onset of several human diseases. In this study, the effect of two tannins (esters of ellagic acid, A; esters of gallic acid, B) at three different concentrations (0.25%, 0.50%, 1.00%) was tested in egg pasta considering two different pasta shapes (squared, S; rectangular, F). When tannin B was added, the total phenolic content (TPC) in fresh pasta increased ( p < 0.01) and after cooking its content was greater than those obtained with tannin A. The pasta shape affected the presence of cholesterol; its amount in uncooked F shape samples (27.67 ± 0.28 mg/g pasta) was higher than that found in S shape (21.18 ± 0.49 mg/g pasta). In addition, tannin B significantly ( p < 0.01) increased the presence of cholesterol in the cooking water (up to 1.04 ± 0.05 μg/mL), in particular in S pasta shape. Tannin B was also greater than tannin A to reduce the content of COPs in fresh egg pasta, while the cooking process did not impact ( p > 0.05) the oxidation of cholesterol. The results suggest that tannin B could be applied in the formulation of egg pasta as a strategy for reducing the content of cholesterol and its oxidation products.
The southeastern coastline of Bangladesh where the longest natural sea beach Cox’s Bazar is located has experienced more pronounced changes due to human intervention compared to the changes due to storms, cyclones and flooding. Over the past 30 years, nature-dependent livelihood and economic activities have generated employment, income and shelter to people but has also enhanced exposure level and consequent vulnerability and risks to fast growing economic activities and human settlements to projected climate-induced natural disasters. Satellite imageries clearly show the changing land-use pattern due to human intervention. On the ground, questionnaire-based, face-to-face interview method has helped in understanding the key drivers behind the changing economic activities, occupation category-wise exposure and vulnerability of the people along the coast. Fishing, salt-shrimp practice, fish drying, agriculture, tourism, and related small trading business are now the main economic activities, and human settlement expansion has changed the coastal ecosystem. The vulnerability assessment suggests that the fast emergence of salt-shrimp farm-based employment and livelihood is one of the most sensitive to natural threats. As per anthropogenic threats, the hotel and restaurant industries are polluting the most fragile coastal ecosystem.
Infrastructure development cannot take place without gravel, which is scarce in the North American Arctic. Conditioning where development can occur, the commodity has become the target of Indigenous actors seeking to secure land and resource bases and their material futures, too. In Alaska, decades of litigation pitting Indigenous surface versus subsurface corporate landholders has contested gravel's legal location. In Canada, contrastingly, Inuvialuit land claims negotiators successfully secured access to granular resources. In both locales, legal processes have resulted in certain Indigenous actors’ accumulation of geologic power. Rooted in the subterranean, this power enables them to transform the surface of the Earth. Contributing to research on geologic power and political geology and drawing on fieldwork and a review of court cases, policy documents and reports, this article critiques how gravel has become an Arctic resource lucrative to local communities rather than global markets and a key source of Indigenous political and economic agency. Going forward, struggles over Indigenous rights may concern securing ownership over not only the land base, but the land column.
We investigated associations between (1) housing status (four categories measuring housing stability) and outcomes along the HIV care continuum (not currently on antiretroviral therapy [ART]; sub-optimal ART adherence [< 95% in the last 3–4 weeks]; unsuppressed viral load [> 200 copies/ml], median CD4 < 200 in the last six months), and (2) housing status and unmet primary, dental and mental health care needs in the last six months among WLWH. Housing status was defined according to the Canadian Definition of Homelessness and had four categories: unsheltered (i.e., living in ≥ 1 unsheltered location [e.g., street, abandoned buildings]), unstable (i.e., living in ≥ 1 unstable location [e.g., shelter, couch surfing]), supportive housing (i.e., only living in supportive housing), and stable housing (i.e., only living in one’s own housing; reference). At baseline, in the last six months, 47.3% of participants reported unstable housing, followed by 24.4% unsheltered housing, 16.4% stable housing, and 11.9% supportive housing. Overall, 19.1% of the full sample (N = 336, 2010–2019) reported not currently on ART; among participants on ART, 28.0% reported sub-optimal ART adherence. Overall, 32.1% had recent unsuppressed viral load. Among a subsample (n = 318, 2014–2019), 15.7% reported unmet primary care needs, 26.1% unmet dental care needs, and 16.4% unmet mental health care needs. In adjusted models, being unsheltered (vs. stable housing) was associated with not currently on ART, unsuppressed viral load, and unmet primary and dental care needs. Housing and health services need to be developed with and for WLWH to address structural inequities and fulfill basic rights to housing and health.
Central nervous system (CNS) injuries are the most common cause of death and disability around the world. The blood-brain barrier (BBB) is located at the interface between the CNS and the surrounding environment, which protects the CNS from exogenous molecules, harmful agents or microorganisms in the blood. The disruption of BBB is a common feature of CNS injuries and participates in the pathological processes of secondary brain damage. Recently, a growing number of studies have indicated that non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) play an important role in brain development and are involved in CNS injuries. In this review, we summarize the mechanisms of BBB breakdown after CNS injuries. We also discuss the effects of ncRNAs including long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs), circular RNAs (circRNAs) and microRNAs (miRNAs) on BBB damage in CNS injuries such as ischemic stroke, traumatic brain injury (TBI), intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) and subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). In addition, we clarify the pharmacotherapies that could regulate BBB function via ncRNAs in CNS injuries, as well as the challenges and perspectives of ncRNAs on modulation of BBB function. Hence, on the basis of these effects, ncRNAs may be developed as therapeutic agents to protect the BBB for CNS injury patients.
Opposition to mines endures even in countries with relatively strong environmental assessment processes and regulations. Why proposed mines fail to obtain a social license to operate is analyzed by developing a framework comprised of three concepts—process legitimacy, distributional outcomes, and values compatibility—drawing from the social license to operate, interactive governance, and environmental justice literatures. The framework is applied to understand opposition from local Indigenous people to two mine projects, one in Sweden and the other in British Columbia, Canada. Evidence from interviews with Sami legal experts and Reindeer Herding Community representatives and an advisor with the Tŝilhqot’in National Government, as well as from secondary sources is used to analyze the contestation. Despite the proposed mines being situated in different governance contexts, the reasons for the opposition are markedly similar - environmental assessment processes are illegitimate, distributional outcomes unfair, and values incompatible. The comparative empirical analysis leads to refining the framework as a scaffold with values compatibility as the foundational plank, rather than three independent planks contributing to a social license to operate. The analysis offers insights into company commitments to Indigenous engagement, enhancements to process legitimacy, and evolving and paradigmatic shifts in governance processes, as articulated by Indigenous peoples and international governance mechanisms such as the 2007 United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples .
Major depressive disorder (MDD) etiology is still not completely understood, and many individuals resist the traditional treatments. Chronic exposure to stressful events can contribute to development and progression and be involved in biological changes underlying MDD. Among the biological mechanisms involved, inflammatory changes and oxidative balance are associated with MDD pathophysiology. Quetiapine, a second-generation antipsychotic, induces a better therapeutic response in individuals refractory to traditional treatments. The main objectives of this research were as follows: to evaluate the effect of chronic mild stress (CMS) on depressive-like behaviors, oxidative stress, and inflammation in adult rats; to evaluate the possible antidepressant, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory effects of quetiapine. The animals were submitted to CMS protocols. At the end of the CMS, the animals were submitted to a chronic treatment for 14 days with the following drugs: quetiapine (20 mg/kg), imipramine (30 mg/kg), and escitalopram (10 mg/kg). At the end of the treatments, the animals were evaluated in the open field tests, anhedonia (splash test), and forced swimming. The animals were euthanized after the behavioral tests, and serum samples were collected. Myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity and interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels were analyzed. CMS induced an increase in depressive-like behaviors, and quetiapine significantly reduced these behaviors. MPO activity and IL-6 levels increased in the serum of animals submitted to CMS. Quetiapine significantly reduced MPO activity and IL-6 levels. These results corroborate other evidence, indicating that chronic stress is a relevant phenomenon in the etiology of depression and suggesting that quetiapine induces an antidepressant effect because it reduces oxidative and inflammatory mechanisms.
This paper advocates for a general policy of penal leniency: judges should often sentence offenders to a punishment less severe than initially preferred. The argument’s keystone is the relatively uncontroversial Minimal Invasion Principle (MIP). MIP says that when more than one course of action satisfies a state’s legitimate aim, only the least invasive is permissibly pursued. I contend that MIP applies in two common sentencing situations. In the first, all sentences within a statutorily specified range are equally proportionate. Here MIP applies directly. In the second, judges reasonably believe that one of the sentences within the range is the most proportionate, but can’t identify it with any certainty. In these cases of sentencing uncertainty, judges must be indifferent between their preferred sentence and a softer one, and this indifference triggers MIP. MIP thus frequently mandates some degree of leniency. I conclude with some comments on statistical uncertainty.
Background The distribution of ovarian tumour characteristics differs between germline BRCA1 and BRCA2 pathogenic variant carriers and non-carriers. In this study, we assessed the utility of ovarian tumour characteristics as predictors of BRCA1 and BRCA2 variant pathogenicity, for application using the American College of Medical Genetics and the Association for Molecular Pathology (ACMG/AMP) variant classification system. Methods Data for 10,373 ovarian cancer cases, including carriers and non-carriers of BRCA1 or BRCA2 pathogenic variants, were collected from unpublished international cohorts and consortia and published studies. Likelihood ratios (LR) were calculated for the association of ovarian cancer histology and other characteristics, with BRCA1 and BRCA2 variant pathogenicity. Estimates were aligned to ACMG/AMP code strengths (supporting, moderate, strong). Results No histological subtype provided informative ACMG/AMP evidence in favour of BRCA1 and BRCA2 variant pathogenicity. Evidence against variant pathogenicity was estimated for the mucinous and clear cell histologies (supporting) and borderline cases (moderate). Refined associations are provided according to tumour grade, invasion and age at diagnosis. Conclusions We provide detailed estimates for predicting BRCA1 and BRCA2 variant pathogenicity based on ovarian tumour characteristics. This evidence can be combined with other variant information under the ACMG/AMP classification system, to improve classification and carrier clinical management.
Background Micropapillary (MIP) component was a major concern in determining surgical strategy in lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD). We sought to develop a novel method for detecting MIP component during surgery. Methods Differentially expressed proteins between MIP-positive and MIP-negative LUAD were identified through proteomics analysis. The semi-dry dot-blot (SDB) method which visualises the targeted protein was developed to detect MIP component. Results Cellular retinoic acid-binding protein 2 (CRABP2) was significantly upregulated in MIP-positive LUAD ( P  < 0.001), and the high CRABP2 expression zone showed spatial consistency with MIP component. CRABP2 expression was also associated with decreased recurrence-free survival ( P  < 0.001). In the prospective cohort, the accuracy and sensitivity of detecting MIP component using SDB method by visualising CRABP2 were 82.2% and 72.7%, which were comparable to these of pathologist. Pathologist with the aid of SDB method would improve greatly in diagnostic accuracy (86.4%) and sensitivity (78.2%). In patients with minor MIP component (≤5%), the sensitivity of SDB method (63.6%) was significantly higher than pathologist (45.4%). Conclusions Intraoperative examination of CRABP2 using SDB method to detect MIP component reached comparable performance to pathologist, and SDB method had notable superiority than pathologist in detecting minor MIP component.
Agroforestry is a specific type of agroecosystem that includes trees and shrubs with the potential to yield nutrient-rich products that contribute to human health. This paper reviews the literature on the human health benefits of tree nut and berry species commonly associated with agroforestry systems of the United States, considering their potential for preventing certain diet-related diseases. Emphasis is placed on those diseases that are most closely associated with poor outcomes from COVID-19, as they are indicators of confounding health prognoses. Results indicate that tree nuts reduce the risk of coronary heart disease, and walnuts ( Juglans species) are particularly effective because of their unique fatty acid profile. Berries that are grown on shrubs have the potential to contribute to mitigation of hypertension, prevention of Type II diabetes, and reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. To optimize human health benefits, plant breeding programs can focus on the traits that enhance the naturally-occurring phytochemicals, through biofortification. Value-added processing techniques should be selected and employed to preserve the phytonutrients, so they are maintained through the point of consumption. Agroforestry systems can offer valuable human health outcomes for common diet-related diseases, in addition to providing many environmental benefits, particularly if they are purposefully designed with that goal in mind. The food system policies in the U.S. might be reoriented to prioritize these food production systems based on the health benefits.
Both HgCl_2 and PEG can increase the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites in Plantain immersed in a culture medium. Plantain ( Plantago major L.) is a valuable medicinal plant that contains a high level of secondary metabolites. The objective of this research is to examine the oxidative stress, such as drought and heavy metals, on the production of these metabolites in liquid medium. Drought stress was induced by using polyethylene glycol 6000 at three levels of 0%, 6%, and 12%. Heavy metal stress was induced by using HgCl_2 at three levels of 0, 4 and 8 µM on 21-day -old plants immersed in liquid MS medium. Sampling was performed at 0, 2, 4, and 6 days after stress from treated and control plants. The Total content of secondary metabolites, including phenol, flavonoid, terpene, alkaloid, and anthocyanin, was evaluated using spectrophotometry methods. Additionally, the correlation between the levels of these metabolites and the expression of crucial genes involved in their biosynthesis, such as phenylalanine ammonia-lyase synthesize ( PAL ), 3-deoxy-D-arabino-heptulosonate-7-phosphate-synthase ( DAHP _ S ), 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A ( HMG-CoAR ), caffeic acid o-methyl transferase ( COMT ), and squalene epoxidase ( SQE ), was examined using Real-Time PCR. The results of the variance analysis for phenol, flavonoid, terpene, alkaloid, and anthocyanin, which were affected by PEG and HgCl_2, showed significant changes in secondary metabolites in treated plants compared to control plants. Although the patterns of gene expression and secondary metabolite production did not always follow the same pattern, the effect of stresses on increasing the expression of some genes related to phenol and terpenoid production pathway was significant.
This paper represents the results of screening a diversity of fungal endophytes associated with Vitis vinifera leaves and canes in the Czech Republic. The characterization of strains is based on morphological and phylogenetic analyses of ITS, EF1α and TUB2 sequence data. Our strain selection covers 16 species and seven orders belonging to Ascomycota and Basidiomycota. Together with ubiquitous fungi, we report on several poorly known plant-associated fungi, Angustimassarina quercicola (=  A. coryli , a synonym proposed in this study) and Pleurophoma pleurospora . Other species, such as Didymella negriana , D. variabilis , Neosetophoma sp. (species identical or sister to N. rosae ), Phragmocamarosporium qujingensis and Sporocadus rosigena , have so far been little known and rarely found, but are frequent on V. vinifera in different parts of the world and obviously belong to a microbiota with a strong preference for this plant. Detailed taxonomical identification allowed us to identify species with apparent stable associations with V. vinifera , for which further interactions with V. vinifera can be expected. Our study is the first to focus on V. vinifera endophytes in Central Europe and expands the knowledge about their taxonomy, ecology and geography.
Objective The aim of the present study was to explore the incremental benefit of bevacizumab (Bev) in the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer (CRC) with different doses. Methods A literature search of eight electronic databases (China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang databases, Chinese Biomedical Database, VIP medicine information, Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, PubMed, and EMBASE) was conducted from database creation to December 2022. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared Bev at various dosages + chemotherapy (CT) versus placebo (or blank control) + CT were selected. The overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS), overall response rate (ORR; complete response [CR] + partial response [PR]), and grade ≥ 3 adverse events (AEs) were integrated first by pooled analysis. The likelihood of ideal dosage of Bev was then ranked using random effects within Bayesian analysis. Results Twenty-six RCTs involving 18,261 patients met the inclusion criteria. OS increased significantly after using 5 mg (HR: 0.87, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.00) and 10 mg dosages of Bev (HR: 0.75, 95% CI 0.66 to 0.85) with CT, but statistical significance was not attained for the 7.5 mg dose (HR: 0.95, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.08). A significantly increased in PFS with doses of 5 mg (HR: 0.69, 95% CI 0.58 to 0.83), 7.5 mg (HR: 0.81, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.00), and 10 mg (HR: 0.60, 95% CI 0.53 to 0.68). ORR distinctly increased after 5 mg (RR: 1.34, 95% CI 1.15 to 1.55), 7.5 mg (RR: 1.25, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.50), and10 mg (RR: 2.27, 95% CI 1.82 to 2.84) doses were administered. Grade ≥ 3 AEs increased clearly in 5 mg (RR: 1.11, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.20) compared to 7.5 mg (RR: 1.05, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.35) and 10 mg (RR: 1.15, 95% CI 0.98 to 1.36). Bayesian analysis demonstrated that 10 mg Bev obtained the maximum time of OS (HR: 0.75, 95% CrI 0.58 to 0.97; probability rank = 0.05) indirectly compared to 5 mg and 7.5 mg Bev. Compared with 5 mg and 7.5 mg Bev, 10 mg Bev also holds the longest duration for PFS (HR: 0.59, 95% CrI 0.43 to 0.82; probability rank = 0.00). In terms of ORR, 10 mg Bev holds the maximum frequency (RR: 2.02, 95% CrI 1.52 to 2.66; probability rank = 0.98) in comparison to 5 mg and 7.5 mg Bev clearly. For grade ≥ 3 AEs, 10 mg Bev has the maximum incidence (RR: 1.15, 95% CrI 0.95 to 1.40, probability rank = 0.67) in comparison to other doses of Bev. Conclusion The study suggests that 10 mg dose Bev could be more effective in treating advanced CRC in efficacy, but 5 mg Bev could be more safer in terms of safety.
The need for new antibacterial drugs to treat the increasing global prevalence of drug-resistant bacterial infections has clearly attracted global attention, with a range of existing and upcoming funding, policy, and legislative initiatives designed to revive antibacterial R&D. It is essential to assess whether these programs are having any real-world impact and this review continues our systematic analyses that began in 2011. Direct-acting antibacterials (47), non-traditional small molecule antibacterials (5), and β-lactam/β-lactamase inhibitor combinations (10) under clinical development as of December 2022 are described, as are the three antibacterial drugs launched since 2020. Encouragingly, the increased number of early-stage clinical candidates observed in the 2019 review increased in 2022, although the number of first-time drug approvals from 2020 to 2022 was disappointingly low. It will be critical to monitor how many Phase-I and -II candidates move into Phase-III and beyond in the next few years. There was also an enhanced presence of novel antibacterial pharmacophores in early-stage trials, and at least 18 of the 26 phase-I candidates were targeted to treat Gram-negative bacteria infections. Despite the promising early-stage antibacterial pipeline, it is essential to maintain funding for antibacterial R&D and to ensure that plans to address late-stage pipeline issues succeed.
CLIC5 encoded protein associates with actin-based cytoskeletal and is increasingly thought to play significant roles in human cancers. We use TCGA and GEO to explore CLIC5 expression differences, mutation and DNA methylation, TMB, MSI, and immune cell infiltration. We verified the mRNA expression of CLIC5 in human ovarian cancer cells by real-time PCR and detected the expression of CLIC5 as well as immune marker genes in ovarian cancer by immunohistochemistry. The pan-cancer analysis showed that CLIC5 is highly expressed in several malignant tumors. In some cancers, CLIC5 expression in tumor samples is associated with poorer overall survival. For example, patients with ovarian cancer with high expression of CLIC5 have a poor prognosis. CLIC5 mutation frequency increased in all tumor types. The CLIC5 promoter is hypomethylated in most tumors. CLIC5 was associated with tumor immunity and different immune cells of different tumor types, such as CD8^ + T cells, tumor-associated fibroblasts, macrophages, etc. CLIC5 was positively correlated with various immune checkpoints, and TMB and MSI were correlated with dysregulation of CLIC5 in tumors. The expression of CLIC5 in ovarian cancer was detected by qPCR and IHC, and the results were consistent with the bioinformatics results. There were a strong positive correlation between CLIC5 expression and M2 macrophage (CD163) infiltration and a negative correlation with CD8^ + T-cell infiltration. In conclusions, our first pan-cancer analysis offered a detailed grasp of the cancerogenic functions of CLIC5 in a variety of malignancies. CLIC5 participated in immunomodulation and performed a crucial function in the tumor microenvironment.
The present study proposes a moderated mediation model that examines how and when unethical pro-supervisor behavior is related to employees’ family satisfaction. The two-wave study design consisted of 207 full-time employees in China. The study results indicate that unethical pro-supervisor behavior is negatively related to family satisfaction, and that workplace ostracism mediates the influence of unethical pro-supervisor behavior on family satisfaction. In addition, the relationship between workplace ostracism and family satisfaction as well as the indirect influence of unethical pro-supervisor behavior on family satisfaction through workplace ostracism, are moderated by employees’ work–home segmentation preference. The study findings not only enrich the literature on unethical pro-supervisor behavior, but also have important practical implications for organizational managers.
Single molecule magnets (SMMs) are molecules with magnetic states separated by an energy barrier. These two (or more) states can serve as basis for quantum information processing, but this requires a detailed understanding of the ligand field of the molecule that forms the SMM. Here, Taran et al use a combination of two experimental techniques, µSQUID and EPR, to precisely measure the higher-order ligand field parameters. The development of quantum technologies requires a thorough understanding of systems possessing quantum effects that can ultimately be manipulated. In the field of molecular magnetism, one of the main challenges is to measure high-order ligand field parameters, which play an essential role in the relaxation properties of SMMs. The development of highly advanced theoretical calculations has allowed the ab-initio determination of such parameters; however, currently, there is a lack of quantitative assessment of how good the ab-initio parameters are. In our quest for technologies that can allow the extraction of such elusive parameters, we develop an experimental technique that combines the EPR spectroscopy and µSQUID magnetometry. We demonstrate the power of the technique by performing EPR-µSQUID measurement of a magnetically diluted single crystal of Et_4N[GdPc_2], by sweeping the magnetic field and applying a range of multifrequency microwave pulses. As a result, we were able to directly determine the high-order ligand field parameters of the system, enabling us to test theoretical predictions made by state-of-the-art ab-initio methods.
The endotracheal tubes (ETTs) used for children have a smaller inner diameter. Accordingly, the resistance across ETT (R_ETT) is higher. Theoretically, shortening the ETTs can decrease total airway resistance (R_total), because R_total is sum of R_ETT and patient’s airway resistance. However, the effectiveness of ETT shortening for mechanical ventilation in the clinical setting has not been reported. We assessed the effectiveness of shortening a cuffed ETT for decreasing R_total, and increasing tidal volume (TV), and estimated the R_ETT/R_total ratio in children. In anesthetized children in a constant pressure-controlled ventilation setting, R_total and TV were measured with a pneumotachometer before and after shortening a cuffed ETT. In a laboratory experiment, the pressure gradient across the original length, shortened length, and the slip joint alone of the ETT were measured. We then determined the R_ETT/R_total ratio using the above results. The clinical study included 22 children. The median ETT percent shortening was 21.7%. Median R_total was decreased from 26 to 24 cmH_2O/L/s, and median TV was increased by 6% after ETT shortening. The laboratory experiment showed that ETT length and the pressure gradient across ETT are linearly related under a certain flow rate, and approximately 40% of the pressure gradient across the ETT at its original length was generated by the slip joint. Median R_ETT/R_total ratio were calculated as 0.69. The effectiveness of ETT shortening on R_total and TV was very limited, because the resistance of the slip joint was very large.
Communication theory suggests that interactive dialog rather than information transmission is necessary for climate change action, especially for complex systems like agriculture. Climate analogs—locations whose current climate is similar to a target location’s future climate—have garnered recent interest as transmitting more relatable information; however, they have unexplored potential in facilitating meaningful dialogs, and whether the way the analogs are developed could make a difference. We developed climate context-specific analogs based on agriculturally-relevant climate metrics for US specialty crop production, and explored their potential for facilitating dialogs on climate adaptation options. Over 80% of US specialty crop counties had acceptable US analogs for the mid-twenty-first century, especially in the West and Northeast which had greater similarities in the crops produced across target-analog pairs. Western counties generally had analogs to the south, and those in other regions had them to the west. A pilot dialog of target-analog pairs showed promise in eliciting actionable adaptation insights, indicating potential value in incorporating analog-driven dialogs more broadly in climate change communication.
Factors driving microbial community composition and diversity are well established but the relationship with microbial functioning is poorly understood, especially at large scales. We analysed microbial biodiversity metrics and distribution of potential functional groups along a gradient of increasing land-use perturbation, detecting over 79,000 bacterial and 25,000 fungal OTUs in 715 sites across 24 European countries. We found the lowest bacterial and fungal diversity in less-disturbed environments (woodlands) compared to grasslands and highly-disturbed environments (croplands). Highly-disturbed environments contain significantly more bacterial chemoheterotrophs, harbour a higher proportion of fungal plant pathogens and saprotrophs, and have less beneficial fungal plant symbionts compared to woodlands and extensively-managed grasslands. Spatial patterns of microbial communities and predicted functions are best explained when interactions among the major determinants (vegetation cover, climate, soil properties) are considered. We propose guidelines for environmental policy actions and argue that taxonomical and functional diversity should be considered simultaneously for monitoring purposes. “Factors influencing soil microbiota functioning remain understudied. Here, the authors describe bacterial and fungal diversity across Europe and along a gradient of land-use perturbation, observing that the occurrence of pathogens, symbionts and saprotrophs varied among cropland, woodland and grassland.”
A Bernoulli scheme with unequal harmonic success probabilities is investigated, together with some of its natural extensions. The study includes the number of successes over some time window, the times to (between) successive successes and the time to the first success. Large sample asymptotics, statistical parameter estimation, and relations to Sibuya distributions and Yule–Simon distributions are discussed. This toy model is relevant in several applications including reliability, species sampling problems, record values breaking and random walks with disasters.
5q-associated spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) is a rare genetic disease caused by mutations in the SMN1 gene, resulting in a loss of functional SMN protein and consecutive degeneration of motor neurons in the ventral horn. The disease is clinically characterized by proximal paralysis and secondary skeletal muscle atrophy. New disease-modifying drugs driving SMN gene expression have been developed in the past decade and have revolutionized SMA treatment. The rise of treatment options led to a concomitant need of biomarkers for therapeutic guidance and an improved disease monitoring. Intensive efforts have been undertaken to develop suitable markers, and numerous candidate biomarkers for diagnostic, prognostic, and predictive values have been identified. The most promising markers include appliance-based measures such as electrophysiological and imaging-based indices as well as molecular markers including SMN-related proteins and markers of neurodegeneration and skeletal muscle integrity. However, none of the proposed biomarkers have been validated for the clinical routine yet. In this narrative review, we discuss the most promising candidate biomarkers for SMA and expand the discussion by addressing the largely unfolded potential of muscle integrity markers, especially in the context of upcoming muscle-targeting therapies. While the discussed candidate biomarkers hold potential as either diagnostic (e.g., SMN-related biomarkers), prognostic (e.g., markers of neurodegeneration, imaging-based markers), predictive (e.g., electrophysiological markers) or response markers (e.g., muscle integrity markers), no single measure seems to be suitable to cover all biomarker categories. Hence, a combination of different biomarkers and clinical assessments appears to be the most expedient solution at the time.
This Position Statement updates the different components of the therapy of obesity (lifestyle intervention, drugs, and surgery) in children and adolescents, previously reported in the consensus position statement on pediatric obesity of the Italian Society of Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetology and the Italian Society of Pediatrics. Lifestyle intervention is the first step of treatment. In children older than 12 years, pharmacotherapy is the second step, and bariatric surgery is the third one, in selected cases. Novelties are available in the field of the medical treatment of obesity. In particular, new drugs demonstrated their efficacy and safety and have been approved in adolescents. Moreover, several randomized control trials with other drugs are in process and it is likely that some of them will become available in the future. The increase of the portfolio of treatment options for obesity in children and adolescents is promising for a more effective treatment of this disorder.
Purpose With the advancement of deep neural networks in biosignals processing, the performance of automatic sleep staging algorithms has improved significantly. However, sleep staging using only non-electroencephalogram features has not been as successful, especially following the current American Association of Sleep Medicine (AASM) standards. This study presents a fine-tuning based approach to widely generalizable automatic sleep staging using heart rate and movement features trained and validated on large databases of polysomnography. Methods A deep neural network is used to predict sleep stages using heart rate and movement features. The model is optimized on a dataset of 8731 nights of polysomnography recordings labeled using the Rechtschaffen & Kales scoring system, and fine-tuned to a smaller dataset of 1641 AASM-labeled recordings. The model prior to and after fine-tuning is validated on two AASM-labeled external datasets totaling 1183 recordings. In order to measure the performance of the model, the output of the optimized model is compared to reference expert-labeled sleep stages using accuracy and Cohen’s κ as key metrics. Results The fine-tuned model showed accuracy of 76.6% with Cohen’s κ of 0.606 in one of the external validation datasets, outperforming a previously reported result, and showed accuracy of 81.0% with Cohen’s κ of 0.673 in another external validation dataset. Conclusion These results indicate that the proposed model is generalizable and effective in predicting sleep stages using features which can be extracted from non-contact sleep monitors. This holds valuable implications for future development of home sleep evaluation systems.
Whereas prior experiments in juvenile pigs had reported infarct size reduction by intravenous metoprolol early during myocardial ischaemia, two major clinical trials in patients with reperfused acute myocardial infarction were equivocal. We, therefore, went back and tested the translational robustness of infarct size reduction by metoprolol in minipigs. Using a power analysis-based prospective design, we pretreated 20 anaesthetised adult Göttingen minipigs with 1 mg kg^−1 metoprolol or placebo and subjected them to 60-min coronary occlusion and 180-min reperfusion. Primary endpoint was infarct size (triphenyl tetrazolium chloride staining) as a fraction of area at risk; no-reflow area (thioflavin-S staining) was a secondary endpoint. There was no significant reduction in infarct size (46 ± 8% of area at risk with metoprolol vs. 42 ± 8% with placebo) or area of no-reflow (19 ± 21% of infarct size with metoprolol vs. 15 ± 23% with placebo). However, the inverse relationship between infarct size and ischaemic regional myocardial blood flow was modestly, but significantly shifted downwards with metoprolol, whereas ischaemic blood flow tended to be reduced by metoprolol. With an additional dose of 1 mg kg^−1 metoprolol after 30-min ischaemia in 4 additional pigs, infarct size was also not reduced (54 ± 9% vs. 46 ± 8% in 3 contemporary placebo, n.s.), and area of no-reflow tended to be increased (59 ± 20% vs. 29 ± 12%, n.s.). Infarct size reduction by metoprolol in pigs is not robust, and this result reflects the equivocal clinical trials. The lack of infarct size reduction may be the result of opposite effects of reduced infarct size at any given blood flow and reduced blood flow, possibly through unopposed alpha-adrenergic coronary vasoconstriction.
Background In every living species, the function of a protein depends on its organization of structural domains, and the length of a protein is a direct reflection of this. Because every species evolved under different evolutionary pressures, the protein length distribution, much like other genomic features, is expected to vary across species but has so far been scarcely studied. Results Here we evaluate this diversity by comparing protein length distribution across 2326 species (1688 bacteria, 153 archaea, and 485 eukaryotes). We find that proteins tend to be on average slightly longer in eukaryotes than in bacteria or archaea, but that the variation of length distribution across species is low, especially compared to the variation of other genomic features (genome size, number of proteins, gene length, GC content, isoelectric points of proteins). Moreover, most cases of atypical protein length distribution appear to be due to artifactual gene annotation, suggesting the actual variation of protein length distribution across species is even smaller. Conclusions These results open the way for developing a genome annotation quality metric based on protein length distribution to complement conventional quality measures. Overall, our findings show that protein length distribution between living species is more uniform than previously thought. Furthermore, we also provide evidence for a universal selection on protein length, yet its mechanism and fitness effect remain intriguing open questions.
Racial and ethnic disparities in birth outcomes have persisted in the United States for decades, though the causes remain poorly understood. The life course perspective posits that poorer outcomes of Black birthing people stem from heightened exposure to stressors early in life and cumulative exposure to stressors over time. Despite its prominence, this perspective has seldom been investigated empirically. We analyzed longitudinal data gathered from 1319 women in low-income households in Wisconsin who received perinatal home visiting services. Variable- and person-centered analyses were performed to assess whether 15 adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) and 10 adverse adult experiences (AAEs) were associated, alone and in combination, with pregnancy loss, preterm birth, and low birth weight among Hispanic (i.e., Latinx) and non-Hispanic Black and White participants. As expected, there were disparities in preterm birth and low birth weight, and both ACEs and AAEs were linked to poorer pregnancy and birth outcomes. Unexpectedly, bivariate and multivariate analyses showed that the associated effects of ACEs and AAEs were most robust for non-Hispanic White women. A latent class analysis produced four patterns of life course adversity, and multigroup latent class analyses confirmed that, compared to White women, higher-adversity class assignments were associated with less robust effects for Hispanic women, and even less robust effects for Black women. We discuss interpretations of the paradoxical findings, including the possibility that alternative sources of stress such as interpersonal and structural racism may better account for the reproductive disparities that disproportionately affect Black birthing people.
Studying various animal models is important for comparative biology and to better understand evolutionary development. Furthermore, when aiming to translate findings to human development, it is crucial to select an appropriate animal model that closely resembles the specific aspect of development under study. The guinea pig is highlighted as a useful platform for reproductive studies due to similarities in in utero development and general physiology with the human. This chapter outlines the methods required for guinea pig mating and collection of embryos for in vitro culture and molecular characterization. Specifically, this chapter provides detailed guidance on monitoring the estrus cycle to determine the mating time, performing a vaginal flush and smear to confirm successful mating, performing euthanasia of the guinea pig, and flushing in vivo embryos. Once collected, the embryos can be utilized for numerous downstream applications. Here we will cover embryo culturing and processing embryos for immunofluorescence.
One variety of ferroelectricity that results from lateral relative movements between the adjacent atomic layers is referred to as sliding ferroelectricity, which generates an interfacial charge transfer and hence a polarization reversal. The mechanism of sliding ferroelectricity existent in van der Waals crystals is quite distinct from the conventional ferroelectric switching mechanisms mediated by ion displacement. It creates new possibilities for the design of two-dimensional (2D) ferroelectrics since it can be achieved even in non-polar systems. Before 2D ferroelectrics can be widely employed for practical implementations, however, there is still significant work to be done on several fronts, such as exploring ferroelectricity possibly in more potential 2D systems. Here, we report the experimental observation of room-temperature robust vertical ferroelectricity in layered semiconducting rhenium diselenide (ReSe_2), a representative member of the transition metal dichalcogenides material family, based on a combined research of nanoscale piezoresponse and second harmonic generation measurements. While no such ferroelectric behavior was seen in 1L ReSe_2, 2L ReSe_2 exhibits vertical ferroelectricity at ambient environment. Based on density-functional theory calculations, we deduce that the microscopic origin of ferroelectricity for ReSe_2 is uncompensated vertical charge transfer that is dependent on in-plane translation and switchable upon interlayer sliding. Our findings have important ramifications for the ongoing development of sliding ferroelectricity since the semiconducting properties and low switching barrier of ReSe_2 open up the fascinating potential for functional nanoelectronics applications.
The best polynomial approximation and the Chebyshev approximation are both important in numerical analysis. In tradition, the best approximation is regarded as better than the Chebyshev approximation, because it is usually considered in the uniform norm. However, it is not always superior to the latter, as noticed by Trefethen ( Math. Today 47:184–188, 2011 ) for the function $$f(x) = |x-0.25|$$ f ( x ) = | x - 0.25 | . Recently, Wang (arxiv, 2106.03456, 2021) observed a similar phenomenon for a function with an algebraic singularity and proved it in theory. In this paper, we find that for functions with logarithmic endpoint singularities, the pointwise errors of the Chebyshev approximation are smaller than those of the best approximations of the same degree, except only at the narrow boundary layer. The pointwise error for the Chebyshev series truncated at the degree n is $$O(n^{-\kappa })$$ O ( n - κ ) ( $$\kappa = \min \{2\gamma +1, 2\delta + 1\}$$ κ = min { 2 γ + 1 , 2 δ + 1 } ), but increases as $$\mathcal {O}(n^{-(\kappa -1)})$$ O ( n - ( κ - 1 ) ) at the endpoint singularities. Theorems are given to explain this effect.
Background The Choosing Wisely initiative recommended the omission of routine sentinel lymph node biopsy (SLNB) in patients ≥ 70 years of age, with clinically node-negative, early stage, hormone receptor (HR) positive and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (Her2) negative breast cancer in August 2016. Here, we assess the adherence to this recommendation in a Swiss university hospital. Methods We conducted a retrospective single center cohort study from a prospectively maintained database. Patients ≥ 18 years of age with node-negative breast cancer were treated between 05/2011 and 03/2022. The primary outcome was the percentage of patients in the Choosing Wisely target group who underwent SLNB before and after the initiative went live. Statistical significance was tested using chi-squared test for categorical and Wilcoxon rank-sum tests for continuous variables. Results In total, 586 patients met the inclusion criteria with a median follow-up of 2.7 years. Of these, 163 were ≥ 70 years of age and 79 were eligible for treatment according to the Choosing Wisely recommendations. There was a trend toward a higher rate of SLNB (92.7% vs. 75.0%, p  = 0.07) after the Choosing Wisely recommendations were published. In patients ≥ 70 years with invasive disease, fewer received adjuvant radiotherapy after omission of SLNB (6.2% vs. 64.0%, p  < 0.001), without differences concerning adjuvant systemic therapy. Both short-term and long-term complication rates after SLNB were low, without differences between elderly patients and those < 70 years. Conclusions Choosing Wisely recommendations did not result in a decreased use of SLNB in the elderly at a Swiss university hospital.
Background This study investigated the effect of sex and age at type 2 diabetes (T2D) diagnosis on the influence of T2D-related genes, parental history of T2D, and obesity on T2D development. Methods In this case–control study, 1012 T2D cases and 1008 healthy subjects were selected from the Diabetes in Mexico Study database. Participants were stratified by sex and age at T2D diagnosis (early, ≤ 45 years; late, ≥ 46 years). Sixty-nine T2D-associated single nucleotide polymorphisms were explored and the percentage contribution ( R ^2) of T2D-related genes, parental history of T2D, and obesity (body mass index [BMI] and waist–hip ratio [WHR]) on T2D development was calculated using univariate and multivariate logistic regression models. Results T2D-related genes influenced T2D development most in males who were diagnosed early ( R ^2 = 23.5%; females, R ^2 = 13.5%; males and females diagnosed late, R ^2 = 11.9% and R ^2 = 7.3%, respectively). With an early diagnosis, insulin production-related genes were more influential in males (76.0% of R ^2) while peripheral insulin resistance-associated genes were more influential in females (52.3% of R ^2). With a late diagnosis, insulin production-related genes from chromosome region 11p15.5 notably influenced males while peripheral insulin resistance and genes associated with inflammation and other processes notably influenced females. Influence of parental history was higher among those diagnosed early (males, 19.9%; females, 17.5%) versus late (males, 6.4%; females, 5,3%). Unilateral maternal T2D history was more influential than paternal T2D history. BMI influenced T2D development for all, while WHR exclusively influenced males. Conclusions The influence of T2D-related genes, maternal T2D history, and fat distribution on T2D development was greater in males than females. The prevalence of diabetes worldwide is slightly higher in men than in women, particularly in those aged 50 or younger (16.5% for men versus 13.5% for women). This suggests that hormonal differences could be critical in early development of Type 2 diabetes. Some known factors previously associated with T2D, such as genes, parental history of diabetes and obesity, could have a differential influence between both sexes for the development of T2D. We compared these factors between 1008 healthy individual and 1012 TD2 patients. In this comparison, we calculated the percentage of variability of the disease explained by each factor. As expected, the most noticeable differences between men and women were observed in T2D diagnoses before age 46. Genes had a greater effect in men than in women (23.5% vs. 13.5%). While genes involved in insulin production have a greater influence on men, genes involved in peripheric insulin resistance have a greater influence on women. The overall parental history of T2D influences similarly in males (19.9%) and females (17.5%), however, the unilateral genetic influence of the mother was much greater in males than in females. The influence of global and abdominal obesity played a greater role in men than in women. In T2D diagnoses after age of 45, the influence of genes and parental history of diabetes decreases markedly, and the relative influence of global obesity augments. However, while genes linked to insulin resistance and inflammation predominate in females, genes linked to insulin secretion predominate in males. The influence of T2D-related genes, maternal T2D history, and fat distribution on T2D development, was greater in males than in females of Latin American mestizo origin. Influence of genes and parental history was highest among those with an early diagnosis. In those diagnosed late, the influence of genes and family history of T2D decreased drastically, while the influence of obesity increased. With an early diagnosis, insulin production-related genes (from chromosome region 11p15.5 and other genomic regions) were more influential in males while peripheral insulin resistance-associated genes were more influential in females. With a late diagnosis, insulin production-related genes from chromosome region 11p15.5 notably influenced males while peripheral insulin resistance and genes associated with inflammation and other processes notably influenced females. In males, there was a linear correlation between BMI and WHR and the number of risk alleles in several genes associated with insulin production.
Purpose of Review The purpose of this review is to summarize some of the recent research studies on healthcare disparities across various subspecialties within otolaryngology. This review also highlights the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on disparities and proposes potential interventions to mitigate disparities. Recent Findings Significant healthcare disparities in care and treatment outcomes have been reported across all areas of otolaryngology. Notable differences in survival, disease recurrence, and overall mortality have been noted based on race, ethnicity, socioeconomic status (SES), insurance status, etc. This is most well-researched in head and neck cancer (HNC) within otolaryngology. Summary Healthcare disparities have been identified by numerous research studies within otolaryngology for many vulnerable groups that include racial and ethnic minority groups, low-income populations, and individuals from rural areas among many others. These populations continue to experience suboptimal access to timely, quality otolaryngologic care that exacerbate disparities in health outcomes.
The Asian shore crab Hemigrapsus sanguineus has become invasive in North Europe and it co-occurs and competes with the native European shore crab Carcinus maenas . Both species develop through a feeding and dispersive larval phase characterised by several zoeal and a settling megalopa stage. Larvae of marine crabs are vulnerable to food limitation and warming has the potential to exacerbate the negative effects of food limitation on survival and growth. We quantified the combined effects of temperature and food limitation on larval performance (survival and growth) of H. sanguineus and we compared our results with those reported on performance of C. maenas larvae, under the same experimental design and methodology. Larvae from four females of H. sanguineus collected on Helgoland (North Sea) were experimentally reared from hatching to megalopa, at four temperatures (range 15–24 °C) and two food conditions (permanent vs. daily limited access to food). Larval survival of H. sanguineus was low at 15 °C and increased with temperature, in contrast to the high survival reported for C. maenas larvae in the range 15–24 °C. Food limitation reduced survival and body mass of H. sanguineus larvae at all temperatures, but without evidence of the exacerbating effect caused by high temperatures and reported for C. maenas . By contrast, high temperature (24 °C) mitigated the negative effect of food limitation on body mass on H. sanguineus larvae. Advantages of H. sanguineus over C. maenas appear especially under the increased temperatures expected from climate change.
Competencies (knowledge, skills, and dispositions) enable employers and educators to speak a common language regarding what computing graduates are expected to demonstrate on the job. This study focuses on competencies required by managers in the computing industry, based on semi-structured interviews of ten individuals in managerial roles, such as directors, project managers, and product managers with prior experience in computing-related roles. Constant Comparative for Naturalistic Inquiry was used to analyze the data. The most frequently discussed managerial skills included leadership, project management, hiring and evaluating candidates, and mentorship. In addition, professional skills such as communication, problem-solving, and lifelong learning were mentioned, along with essential dispositions that support the development of these skills, e.g., collaborative mindset, lifelong learning orientation, and self-regulation. Participants also emphasized the need to make judgments, build relationships, and collaborate within or outside their team. Career readiness in the computing industry is not limited to entry-level jobs; professionals should have the opportunity to navigate their preferred career path—whether they aspire to move down a technical or managerial path. This study can contribute to both students’ and educators’ understanding of the managerial career path and what types of competencies and experiences should be included in computing education programs to set them up for success across their career path. Implications for pedagogical approaches will also be discussed.
The structure and properties of phytoglycogen and glycogen subjected to acid hydrolysis was investigated using amylopectin as a reference. The degradation took place in two stages and the degree of hydrolysis was in the following order: amylopectin > phytoglycogen > glycogen. Upon acid hydrolysis, the molar mass distribution of phytoglycogen or glycogen gradually shifted to the smaller and broadening distribution region, whereas the distribution of amyopectin changed from bimodal to monomodal shape. The kinetic rate constant for depolymerization of phytoglycogen, amylopectin, and glycogen were 3.45 × 10^−5/s, 6.13 × 10^−5/s, and 0.96 × 10^−5/s, respectively. The acid-treated sample had the smaller particle radius, lower percentage of α-1,6 linkage as well as higher rapidly digestible starch fractions. The depolymerization models were built to interpret the structural differences of glucose polymer during acid treatment, which would provide guideline to improve the structure understanding and precise application of branched glucan with desired properties.
Understanding the influence of climate change on past extreme weather impacts is a vital research task. However, the effects of climate change are obscured in the observed impact data series due to the rapid evolution of the social and economic circumstances in which the events occurred. The HANZE v2.0 (Historical Analysis of Natural HaZards in Europe) dataset presented in this study quantifies the evolution of key socioeconomic drivers in Europe since 1870, namely land use, population, economic activity and assets. It consists of algorithms to reallocate baseline (2011) land use and population for any given year based on a large collection of historical subnational- and national-level statistics, and then disaggregate data on production and tangible assets by economic sector into a high-resolution grid. Raster datasets generated by the model enable reconstructing exposure within the footprint of any extreme event both at the time of occurrence and anytime between 1870 and 2020. This allows the separation of the effects of climate change from the effects of exposure change.
The European Wild Grape (Vitis sylvestris) harbours genetic factors that stimulate surface waxes on the leaf and impede the infection by Erysiphe necator, the causative agent of Powdery Mildew. Background Powdery Mildew of Grapevine belongs to the major diseases in viticulture and requires intensive use of fungicides. Genetic introgression of resistance factors from wild grapes from North America and, recently, China, has been successful, but wine made from those varieties is still confronted with low consumer acceptance, due to differences in taste. Results The current work explores the potential of Vitis vinifera sylvestris , the wild ancestor of domesticated Grapevine, with respect to containing Erysiphe necator , the causative agent of Powdery Mildew. Making use of a germplasm collection comprising the entire genetic variability remaining in Germany, we show that there is considerable genetic variation in the formation of leaf surface waxes exceeding wax formation in commercial varieties. Conclusions High wax formation correlates with reduced susceptibility to controlled infection with E. necator linked with perturbations of appressoria formation. We propose V. vinifera sylvestris as novel source for resistance breeding since it is genetically much closer to domesticated grapevine than the hitherto used sources from beyond the species barrier.
The geometric phase for classical electromagnetic light beams, in its original formulation as introduced by Pancharatnam, concerns fields experiencing cyclic, discrete in-phase polarization-state changes. A similar phase was later recognized by Berry to govern the behavior of adiabatic quantum systems, with consequent extensions to nonadiabatic and noncyclic evolutions of the quantum state. However, no optical counterpart for the noncyclic, adiabatic (continuous) evolution has been demonstrated. Here we employ a modified Young’s two-pinhole setup with controlled pinhole polarizations and intensities to generate on interference an arbitrary continuous spatial evolution of the polarization state, an optical analogue to the adiabatic case. The customized arrangement allows separating at any point the accumulated dynamical and geometric phases from the total phase, enabling a detailed study of the noncyclic Pancharatnam–Berry phase in a continuous transformation. Our theoretical and experimental results are in excellent agreement and consistent with the geodesic rule for noncyclic evolutions. The geometric phase of optical fields experiencing discrete cyclic polarization-state transformations was introduced by Pancharatnam and later extended to adiabatic cyclic evolutions of quantum systems by Berry. Here, adiabatic noncyclic evolution of the Pancharatnam-Berry phase in an optical context is demonstrated, both theoretically and experimentally.
This study investigates blackberry juice’s effects on glucose metabolism, oxidative stress, inflammation, and endoplasmic reticulum stress (ER) in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats. Fifty Wistar rats were distributed to five groups randomly of ten rats each: Normal control, diabetic control, 9 mL/kg body weight (b.wt) blackberry juice only, blackberry juice plus diabetes, and 500 mg/kg b.wt metformin plus diabetes. A single intraperitoneal injection of 50 mg/kg b.wt STZ induced diabetes in the rats. This animal study continued for 56 days after the confirmation of diabetes. The levels of liver function and renal function, as well as insulin, glucose-6-phosphatase, glucokinase, and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels, and the activities of catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD), were determined. Additionally, interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), and activated transcription factor 4 (ATF4) expressions were examined in the liver homogenate of rats. Furthermore, the liver tissues were utilized for histopathological examination. The results showed that blackberry juice prevented drastic loss of body weight and reduced food consumption in diabetic rats. Additionally, the levels of blood glucose, total protein, aspartate aminotransferase (AST), albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), uric acid, creatinine, and urea improved after the administration of blackberry juice in diabetic rats. Blackberry juice significantly increased glucose metabolism and antioxidant status while reducing ER stress and inflammation in diabetic rats. Moreover, blackberry juice improved glucose metabolism by increasing insulin levels and improving the dysregulated activities of glucose-metabolizing enzymes. The microstructure of liver tissues in diabetic rats was also improved with blackberry juice treatment. Therefore, blackberry juice has the potential to alleviate diabetes in rats and could be considered as a functional food for people with diabetes.
The lack of psychometrically sound outcome measures has been a barrier to evaluating the efficacy of treatments proposed for core symptoms of intellectual disability (ID). Research on Expressive Language Sampling (ELS) procedures suggest it is a promising approach to measuring treatment efficacy. ELS entails collecting samples of a participant’s talk in interactions with an examiner that are naturalistic but sufficiently structured to ensure consistency and limit examiner effects on the language produced. In this study, we extended previous research on ELS by analyzing an existing dataset to determine whether psychometrically adequate composite scores reflecting multiple dimensions of language can be derived from ELS procedures administered to 6- to 23-year-olds with fragile X syndrome ( n  = 80) or Down syndrome ( n  = 78). Data came from ELS conversation and narration procedures administered twice in a 4-week test–retest interval. We found that several composites emerged from variables indexing syntax, vocabulary, planning processes, speech articulation, and talkativeness, although there were some differences in the composites for the two syndromes. Evidence of strong test–retest reliability and construct validity of two of three composites were obtained for each syndrome. Situations in which the composite scores would be useful in evaluating treatment efficacy are outlined.
This study examines the mechanism design problem for public goods provision in a large economy with n independent agents. We propose a class of dominant-strategy incentive compatible and ex-post individually rational mechanisms, which we call the adjusted mean-thresholding (AMT) mechanisms. We show that when the cost of provision grows slower than the $$\sqrt{n}$$ n -rate, the AMT mechanisms are both eventually ex-ante budget balanced and asymptotically efficient. When the cost grows faster than the $$\sqrt{n}$$ n -rate, in contrast, we show that any incentive compatible, individually rational, and eventually ex-ante budget balanced mechanism must have provision probability converging to zero and hence cannot be asymptotically efficient. The AMT mechanisms have a simple form and are more informationally robust when compared to, for example, the second-best mechanism. This is because the construction of an AMT mechanism depends only on the first moment of the valuation distribution.
There is an urgent need to understand and address the risks associated with a warming climate for ecosystems and societies in the Arctic and sub-Arctic regions. There are major gaps in our understanding of the complex effects of climate change—including extreme events, cascading impacts across ecosystems, and the underlying socioecological dynamics and feedbacks—all of which need collaborative efforts to be resolved. Here, we present results where climate scientists, ecologists, social scientists, and practitioners were asked to identify the most urgent research needs for understanding climate change impacts and to identify the actions for reducing future risks in catchment areas in the Norwegian High North, a region that encompasses both Arctic and sub-Arctic climates in northern Norway. From a list of 77 questions, our panel of 19 scientists and practitioners identified 15 research needs that should be urgently addressed. We particularly urge researchers to investigate cross-ecosystem impacts and the socioecological feedbacks that could amplify or reduce risks for society.
This manuscript presents a dielectric resonator structure with altered dispersion characteristics to enhance the photonic spin Hall effect (PSHE). The structural parameters are optimized to enhance the PSHE at 632.8 nm operating wavelength. The thickness-dependent angular dispersion analysis is carried out to optimize the structure and obtain the exceptional points. The PSHE-induced spin splitting shows a high sensitivity to the optical thickness of the defect layer. This gives a maximum PSHE-based transverse displacement (PSHE-TD) of around 56.66 times the operating wavelength at an incidence angle of 61.68°. Moreover, the structure’s capability as a PSHE-based refractive index sensor is also evaluated. The analytical results demonstrate an average sensitivity of around 33,720 μm/RIU. The structure exhibits around five times higher PSHE-TD and approximately 150% improvement in sensitivity than the recently reported values in lossy mode resonance structures. Due to the purely dielectric material-assisted PhC resonator configurations and significantly higher PSHE-TD, the development of low-cost PSHE-based devices for commercial applications is envisaged.
There are quantum algorithms for finding a function f satisfying a set of conditions, such as solving partial differential equations, and these achieve exponential quantum speedup compared to existing classical methods, especially when the number d of the variables of f is large. In general, however, these algorithms output the quantum state which encodes f in the amplitudes, and reading out the values of f as classical data from such a state can be so time-consuming that the quantum speedup is ruined. In this study, we propose a general method for this function readout task. Based on the function approximation by a combination of tensor network and orthogonal function expansion, we present a quantum circuit and its optimization procedure to obtain an approximating function of f that has a polynomial number of degrees of freedom with respect to d and is efficiently evaluable on a classical computer. We also conducted a numerical experiment to approximate a finance-motivated function to demonstrate that our method works.
Background Previous studies have shown inconsistent findings regarding the association of light to moderate alcohol consumption with cause-specific mortality. Therefore, this study sought to examine the prospective association of alcohol consumption with all-cause and cause-specific mortality in the US population. Methods This was a population-based cohort study of adults aged 18 years or older in the National Health Interview Survey (1997 to 2014) with linkage to the National Death Index records through December 31, 2019. Self-reported alcohol consumption was categorized into seven groups (lifetime abstainers; former infrequent or regular drinkers; and current infrequent, light, moderate, or heavy drinkers). The main outcome was all-cause and cause-specific mortality. Results During an average follow-up of 12.65 years, among the 918,529 participants (mean age 46.1 years; 48.0% male), 141,512 adults died from all causes, 43,979 from cardiovascular disease (CVD), 33,222 from cancer, 8246 from chronic lower respiratory tract diseases, 5572 from accidents (unintentional injuries), 4776 from Alzheimer’s disease, 4845 from diabetes mellitus, 2815 from influenza and pneumonia, and 2692 from nephritis, nephrotic syndrome, or nephrosis. Compared with lifetime abstainers, current infrequent, light, or moderate drinkers were at a lower risk of mortality from all causes [infrequent—hazard ratio: 0.87; 95% confidence interval: 0.84 to 0.90; light: 0.77; 0.75 to 0.79; moderate 0.82; 0.80 to 0.85], CVD, chronic lower respiratory tract diseases, Alzheimer’s disease, and influenza and pneumonia. Also, light or moderate drinkers were associated with lower risk of mortality from diabetes mellitus and nephritis, nephrotic syndrome, or nephrosis. In contrast, heavy drinkers had a significantly higher risk of mortality from all causes, cancer, and accidents (unintentional injuries). Furthermore, binge drinking ≥ 1 day/week was associated with a higher risk of mortality from all causes (1.15; 1.09 to 1.22), cancer (1.22; 1.10 to 1.35), and accidents (unintentional injuries) (1.39; 1.11 to 1.74). Conclusions Infrequent, light, and moderate alcohol consumption were inversely associated with mortality from all causes, CVD, chronic lower respiratory tract diseases, Alzheimer’s disease, and influenza and pneumonia. Light or moderate alcohol consumption might also have a beneficial effect on mortality from diabetes mellitus and nephritis, nephrotic syndrome, or nephrosis. However, heavy or binge had a higher risk of all-cause, cancer, and accidents (unintentional injuries) mortality.
Weyl points, carrying a Z-type monopole charge $$C$$ C , have bulk-surface correspondence (BSC) associated with helical surface states (HSSs). When | $$C$$ C | $$>1$$ > 1 , multi-HSSs can appear in a parallel manner. However, when a pair of Weyl points carrying $$C$$ C $$=\pm 1$$ = ± 1 meet, a Dirac point carrying $$C$$ C = 0 can be obtained and the BSC vanishes. Nonetheless, a recent study in Zhang et al. (Phys Rev Res 4:033170, 2022) shows that a new BSC can survive for Dirac points when the system has time-reversal ( $${T}$$ T )-glide ( $${G}$$ G ) symmetry ( $${\tilde{\Theta }}$$ Θ ~ = TG ), i.e., anti-parallel double/quad-HSSs associated with a new $$Z_{2}$$ Z 2 -type monopole charge $${Q}$$ Q appear. In this paper, we systematically review and discuss both the parallel and anti-parallel multi-HSSs for Weyl and Dirac points, carrying two different kinds of monopole charges. Two material examples are offered to understand the whole configuration of multi-HSSs. One carries the Z-type monopole charge $$C$$ C , showing both local and global topology for three kinds of Weyl points, and it leads to parallel multi-HSSs. The other carries the $$Z_{2}$$ Z 2 -type monopole charge $${Q}$$ Q , only showing the global topology for $${\tilde{\Theta }}$$ Θ ~ -invariant Dirac points, and it is accompanied by anti-parallel multi-HSSs.
Purpose Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) shunt failures in children are devastating. The primary aims of this study are to, firstly, review our institutional series of ventriculoperitoneal shunt (VPS) insertions and identify factors associated with shunt failure. Methods This is a single-institution, retrospective study conducted over a 12-year period. All patients under 18 years old with VPS inserted were included. Variables of interest such as patient characteristics, hydrocephalus aetiology, shunt implant details, and outcomes were subjected to statistical analyses. Results A total of 214 VPS patients were selected for this study. The mean age at VPS insertion was 6 months with a mean follow-up duration of 44 months. The most common type of hydrocephalus was obstructive ( n  = 142, 66.4%), and the most frequent aetiology was tumour-related ( n  = 66, 30.8%). The 30-day shunt failure rate was 9.3%: 9 infections (4.2%), 7 occlusions (3.3%), and 4 others (1.9%). After multivariable analysis, only recent central nervous system (CNS) infection prior to VPS insertion remained significant (OR 15.4 (1.3–175), p  = 0.028). Conclusion This is the first, large-scale local study focused on the shunt failure in Singaporean children. Significant findings in our study demonstrate that recently treated CNS infection is a factor associated with 30-day shunt failure while the values of CSF constituents were not contributory.
This study aims to sequence the whole genome of Pediococcus ethanolidurans CP201 isolated from Daqu and determine the anti-corrosion ability of bacteriocins on chicken breast. The whole genome sequence information of P. ethanolidurans CP201 was analyzed, and its gene structure and function were explored. It was found that gene1164 had annotations in the NR, Pfam, and Swiss-Prot databases, and was related to bacteriocins. The exogenous expression of the bacteriocin gene Pediocin PE-201 was analyzed based on the pET-21b vector and the host BL21, and the corresponding bacteriocin was successfully expressed under the induction of IPTG. After purification by NI–NTA column, enterokinase treatment, membrane dialysis concentration treatment, and SDS-PAGE electrophoresis, the molecular weight was about 6.5 kDa and the purity was above 90%. By applying different concentrations of bacteriocin to chicken breast with different levels of contamination, the control of pathogenic bacteria, the ordinary contamination level (OC) group, and the high contamination level (MC) group could be completely achieved with 25 mg/L bacteriocin. In conclusion, the bacteriocin produced by the newly isolated CP201 can be applied to the preservation of meat products to prevent the risk of food-borne diseases.
This study examines the impact of the Chinese regional emission trading system (ETS) pilots on enterprise transformation from the perspective of diversification. We use data on Chinese A-share listed companies from 2004 to 2021, and adopt the staggered difference-in-differences (DID) and difference-in-difference-in-differences (DDD) models. The empirical results show that first, the ETS significantly increases the product quantity and revenue diversification of regulated firms. Second, the ETS promotes enterprise diversification through three channels: emission cost, emission risk, and market efficiency. Third, the ETS has a greater impact on the diversification of state-owned enterprises, firms with high business concentration, and firms with low innovation investment. Fourth, the ETS-driven diversification has not been successful as it has increased firms' costs and reduced their profitability. We recommend introducing industrial policies to guide the transformation of enterprises, encourage them to improve their innovation capabilities, and choose appropriate transformation strategies.
Rising surface air temperatures, coupled with delays in the onset of austral summer rains and increased fuel load have amplified forest fire risk over southern Africa. This study investigates interactions between climate change and fire risk in South Africa’s northern savanna biome. We employ the CCAM model to simulate the reference climate and project future forest fire risk on the savanna. An ensemble of six CMIP5 GCMs were downscaled to 8 km to project climate change in the far-future (2080 to 2099) under RCP8.5 emission scenario. The models were validated using ERA5-Land reanalyses whilst future projections focused on the 10th, 50th and 90th percentiles. The frequency of high fire risk days was calculated using a McArthur Forest Fire Danger Index (FFDI) which links meteorological variables to fire danger. The ensemble simulated widespread temperature rises of between 4.5 and 6 °C across the savanna, whilst rainfall is projected to decline by up to 20 mm/month, with corresponding decreases in minimum relative humidity. Heat wave days are projected to increase to above 8 days per annum, whilst soil moisture deficiency increases by above 50 mm on the savanna. Consequently, mean annual high fire danger days are projected to reach a peak frequency of 25 days in October, with an autumnal secondary peak. Spatially, greater increases in high FFDI days were projected over the western savanna extending toward neighbouring Botswana. This study contributes to understanding fire risk under unprecedented temperature rises which appear to be modulating fire intensity in the study region.
In this paper, we investigate the Scandinavian Late Neolithic and Early Bronze Age of Kinnekulle in southwestern Sweden. The above-mentioned periods in the study area are poorly understood and the archaeological record consists of a few stray finds and a concentration of 20 gallery graves. This study focuses on three of the gallery graves where commingled skeletons from successive burials were recovered. The human remains and the artefacts from the graves were used for discussing individual life stories as well as living societies with the aim of gaining new knowledge of the last part of the Neolithic and the beginning of the Early Bronze Age in southwestern Sweden. We focused on questions concerning health and trauma, mobility and exchange networks, and diet and subsistence of the people using the graves. Chronological, bioarchaeological, and biomolecular aspects of the burials were approached through the application of archaeological and osteological studies, as well as stable isotope, strontium isotope, radiocarbon, and mtDNA analyses. The study provides evidence for high mobility and diverse diets, as well as inhumations primarily dated to the transition between the Late Neolithic and Early Bronze Age. We suggest that the mountain plateau of Kinnekulle was mainly reserved for the dead, while the people lived in agriculture-based groups in the surrounding lower lying regions.
Fruit ripening is an unfolding of a series of genetically-programmed modifications and tend to be highly orchestrated irrevocable phenomenon mediated by ethylene. Phytohormone ethylene also leads to over-ripening, senescence, loss of texture, microbial attack, reduced post-harvest life and other associated problems during storage and transportation of fruits. Its harmful impacts on fresh fruits, vegetables, and ornamentals result in substantial product losses even up to 80%. Curbing of this inevitable menace is therefore need of the hour. Accrual of ethylene in packaging system should fundamentally be ducked to extend the shelf-life and uphold an adequate superiority of perishables in visual and organoleptic terms. The current review discusses about properties, factors affecting and impact of ethylene, intimidation of its impact at gene vis-à-vis activity level using gene-modification/inhibition techniques, chemical/physical in conjunction with other suitable approaches. It also entails the most commercially cultivated approaches worldwide viz . KMnO_4-based oxidation together with adsorption-based scrubbing of ethylene in thorough details. Future ethylene removal strategies should focus on systematic evaluation of KMnO_4-based scavenging, exploring the mechanism of adsorption, adsorbent(s) behavior in the presence of other gases and their partial pressures, volatiles, temperature, relative humidity, development of hydrophobic adsorbents to turn-up under high RH, regeneration of adsorbent by desorption, improvement in photocatalytic oxidation etc . and further improvements thereof. Graphical abstract 
Background The intestinal epithelial barrier is the interface for interaction between gut microbiota and host metabolic systems. Akkermansia muciniphila (A. muciniphila) is a key player in the colonic microbiota that resides in the mucus layer, whose abundance is selectively decreased in the faecal microbiota of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) patients. This study aims to investigate the regulatory mechanism among A. muciniphila , a transcription factor cAMP-responsive element-binding protein H (CREBH), and microRNA-143/145 (miR-143/145) in intestinal inflammatory stress, gut barrier integrity and epithelial regeneration. Methods A novel mouse model with increased colonization of A muciniphila in the intestine of CREBH knockout mice, an epithelial wound healing assay and several molecular biological techniques were applied in this study. Results were analysed using a homoscedastic 2-tailed t-test. Results Increased colonization of A. muciniphila in mouse gut enhanced expression of intestinal CREBH, which was associated with the mitigation of intestinal endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, gut barrier leakage and blood endotoxemia induced by dextran sulfate sodium (DSS). Genetic depletion of CREBH (CREBH-KO) significantly inhibited the expression of tight junction proteins that are associated with gut barrier integrity, including Claudin5 and Claudin8, but upregulated Claudin2, a tight junction protein that enhances gut permeability, resulting in intestinal hyperpermeability and inflammation. Upregulation of CREBH by A. muciniphila further coupled with miR-143/145 promoted intestinal epithelial cell (IEC) regeneration and wound repair via insulin-like growth factor (IGF) and IGFBP5 signalling. Moreover, the gene expressing an outer membrane protein of A. muciniphila , Amuc_1100, was cloned into a mammalian cell-expression vector and successfully expressed in porcine and human IECs. Expression of Amuc_1100 in IECs could recapitulate the health beneficial effect of A. muciniphila on the gut by activating CREBH, inhibiting ER stress and enhancing the expression of genes involved in gut barrier integrity and IEC’s regeneration. Conclusions This study uncovers a novel mechanism that links A. muciniphila and its membrane protein with host CREBH, IGF signalling and miRNAs in mitigating intestinal inflammatory stress–gut barrier permeability and promoting intestinal wound healing. This novel finding may lend support to the development of therapeutic approaches for IBD by manipulating the interaction between host genes, gut bacteria and its bioactive components.
Today, more than half of the world’s population of 7.6 billion lives in cities, and by 2030, it is estimated that the population of urban residents will exceed 5 billion worldwide. Since growth in cities destroys agriculture, forests, and wetlands, an increasing carbon footprint brings many environmental problems, such as global climate change. Among the developing countries, Türkiye’s largest cities have been experiencing a rapid urbanization process. The study aims to analyze the adverse effects of urban growth in Türkiye’s largest metropolises on natural areas such as agriculture, forests, and wetlands. In this context, the Istanbul, Ankara, and Izmir metropolitan areas have been determined as case areas. The correlation between the changes in the land cover and the urban expansion processes of the three big cities from 1990 to 2018 has been systematically analyzed in the GIS environment using Corine land cover program data. The study indicates the devastating effect of urban growth on agricultural areas in all three case areas. In addition, the urbanization pressure in Istanbul continues to destroy northern forests.
Background Non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPIs) implemented in one place can affect neighboring regions by influencing people’s behavior. However, existing epidemic models for NPIs evaluation rarely consider such spatial spillover effects, which may lead to a biased assessment of policy effects. Methods Using the US state-level mobility and policy data from January 6 to August 2, 2020, we develop a quantitative framework that includes both a panel spatial econometric model and an S-SEIR (Spillover-Susceptible-Exposed-Infected-Recovered) model to quantify the spatial spillover effects of NPIs on human mobility and COVID-19 transmission. Results The spatial spillover effects of NPIs explain $$61.2\%$$ 61.2 % [ $$95\%$$ 95 % credible interval: 52.8- $$84.4\%$$ 84.4 % ] of national cumulative confirmed cases, suggesting that the presence of the spillover effect significantly enhances the NPI influence. Simulations based on the S-SEIR model further show that increasing interventions in only a few states with larger intrastate human mobility intensity significantly reduce the cases nationwide. These region-based interventions also can carry over to interstate lockdowns. Conclusions Our study provides a framework for evaluating and comparing the effectiveness of different intervention strategies conditional on NPI spillovers, and calls for collaboration from different regions.
African immigrants remain underrepresented in research due to challenges in recruitment. Mobile instant messaging applications, such as WhatsApp , present novel, and cost-effective opportunities for conducting health research across geographic and temporal distances, potentially mitigating the challenges of maintaining contact and engagement in research with migrant populations. Moreover, WhatsApp has been found to be commonly used by African immigrant communities. However, little is known about the acceptability and use of WhatsApp as a tool for health research among African immigrants in the US. In this study, we examine the acceptability and feasibility of WhatsApp as a tool for research among Ghanaian immigrants- a subset of the African immigrant population group. We used WhatsApp to recruit 40 participants for a qualitative interview about their use of the mobile messaging application. Three distinct themes related to the acceptability and feasibility of WhatsApp emerged from the interviews: (1) preference for using WhatsApp as a medium of communication; (2) positive perception of WhatsApp ; and (3) preference for using WhatsApp for research. The findings indicate that for African immigrants in the US, WhatsApp is a preferred method for recruiting and collecting data. It remains a promising strategy to utilize in future research involving this population.
The purpose of this study was to investigate tick species around Mount Fanjing and analyze bacterial communities in two species – Rhipicephalus microplus and Haemaphysalis longicornis – parasitizing cattle in Tongren, Guizhou province, Southwest China, using high-throughput sequencing methods. In April 2019, ticks were collected from five sites in Jiangkou County, Yinjiang County, and Songtao County. In total, 296 ticks were collected, comprising two genera and three species: H. longicornis , Haemaphysalis flava , and R. microplus . Rhipicephalus microplus was the most representative species (57.4%) within the collected group, being the dominant species in Tongren City, followed by H . longicornis (39.5%) and H. flava (3.0%). Beta-diversity analysis revealed differences in bacterial community composition among the tick species. The bacterial community structure of R . microplus collected in the three counties was highly similar. Chlorella and Bacillus were highly abundant in H . longicornis . Rickettsia was detected at high relative abundance in R . microplus but in low relative abundance in H . longicornis , suggesting that Rickettsia is more associated with R . microplus than with H . longicornis . More in-depth investigations are needed to determine the pathogenic risk of Rickettsia and its relationship with the host. This is the first survey on tick-borne bacterial communities in this area, which is of great significance for the prevention and control of tick-borne diseases locally.
This review maps and summarizes the quantitative studies on the main outcomes associated with home visiting (HV) programs using Brazelton methods aimed at supporting expectant and new parents. One hundred thirty-seven records were identified, and 19 records were selected. The design of our study was based on the methodological framework for conducting scoping reviews. Quality was assessed through the Jadad scale. Studies were coded for participant characteristics (number, mean age, and risk status), methodology (recruitment, home visit frequency, age of the child, Brazelton method, and research design), and intervention outcomes (on infants, parents, and home visitors). The studies mostly focused on the impact of Brazelton HV programs on infant development, the mother’s psychological well-being, mother-infant interaction, and home visitor satisfaction. Experimental and quasi-experimental studies consistently have shown that parents receiving the intervention have greater knowledge of their children. Results are less conclusive regarding the intervention’s impact on other domains of child development, mothers’ psychological well-being, and mothers’ sensitivity to the relationship with the child. Overall, the results suggest that the improvements associated with the intervention are mainly influenced by the risk status of families. Further research is needed to better understand the benefits of HV based on the Brazelton approach and the target population that may benefit most from this intervention. Conclusion : Although the impact of the Brazelton home visiting intervention is not yet fully understood, there is promising evidence of its positive effects on child development, maternal well-being, and parental knowledge. Further research with consistent methodologies and larger sample sizes is needed to strengthen our understanding. However, existing findings in the literature underscore the importance of preventive interventions such as the Brazelton program in improving family well-being, with potential long-term benefits. What is Known: • Home visiting programs based on the Brazelton approach aim to increase parents’ knowledge and sensitivity to their children. • There is no clear picture in the literature of the effectiveness of these programs. What is New: • Existing studies consistently show the effectiveness of these programs to improve parents’ knowledge of their children. • Findings on the impact of these programs on child development, mothers' psychological well-being and sensitivity to their child are inconclusive and may be influenced by the risk status.
In the progressive phase of multiple sclerosis (MS), the hampered differentiation capacity of oligodendrocyte precursor cells (OPCs) eventually results in remyelination failure. We have previously shown that DNA methylation of Id2/Id4 is highly involved in OPC differentiation and remyelination. In this study, we took an unbiased approach by determining genome-wide DNA methylation patterns within chronically demyelinated MS lesions and investigated how certain epigenetic signatures relate to OPC differentiation capacity. We compared genome-wide DNA methylation and transcriptional profiles between chronically demyelinated MS lesions and matched normal-appearing white matter (NAWM), making use of post-mortem brain tissue ( n  = 9/group). DNA methylation differences that inversely correlated with mRNA expression of their corresponding genes were validated for their cell-type specificity in laser-captured OPCs using pyrosequencing. The CRISPR–dCas9-DNMT3a/TET1 system was used to epigenetically edit human-iPSC-derived oligodendrocytes to assess the effect on cellular differentiation. Our data show hypermethylation of CpGs within genes that cluster in gene ontologies related to myelination and axon ensheathment. Cell type-specific validation indicates a region-dependent hypermethylation of MBP , encoding for myelin basic protein, in OPCs obtained from white matter lesions compared to NAWM-derived OPCs. By altering the DNA methylation state of specific CpGs within the promotor region of MBP , using epigenetic editing, we show that cellular differentiation and myelination can be bidirectionally manipulated using the CRISPR–dCas9-DNMT3a/TET1 system in vitro. Our data indicate that OPCs within chronically demyelinated MS lesions acquire an inhibitory phenotype, which translates into hypermethylation of crucial myelination-related genes. Altering the epigenetic status of MBP can restore the differentiation capacity of OPCs and possibly boost (re)myelination.
Rhesus macaques ( Macaca mulatta , RMs) are widely used in sexual maturation studies due to their high genetic and physiological similarity to humans. However, judging sexual maturity in captive RMs based on blood physiological indicators, female menstruation, and male ejaculation behavior can be inaccurate. Here, we explored changes in RMs before and after sexual maturation based on multi-omics analysis and identified markers for determining sexual maturity. We found that differentially expressed microbiota, metabolites, and genes before and after sexual maturation showed many potential correlations. Specifically, genes involved in spermatogenesis ( TSSK2 , HSP90AA1 , S OX5 , SPAG16 , and SPATC1 ) were up-regulated in male macaques, and significant changes in gene ( CD36 ), metabolites (cholesterol, 7-ketolithocholic acid, and 12-ketolithocholic acid), and microbiota ( Lactobacillus ) related to cholesterol metabolism were also found, suggesting the sexually mature males have stronger sperm fertility and cholesterol metabolism compared to sexually immature males. In female macaques, most differences before and after sexual maturity were related to tryptophan metabolism, including changes in IDO1 , IDO2 , IFNGR2 , IL1Β , IL10 , L-tryptophan, kynurenic acid (KA), indole-3-acetic acid (IAA), indoleacetaldehyde, and Bifidobacteria , indicating that sexually mature females exhibit stronger neuromodulation and intestinal immunity than sexually immature females. Cholesterol metabolism-related changes ( CD36 , 7-ketolithocholic acid, 12-ketolithocholic acid) were also observed in female and male macaques. Exploring differences before and after sexual maturation through multi-omics, we identified potential biomarkers of sexual maturity in RMs, including Lactobacillus (for males) and Bifidobacterium (for females) valuable for RM breeding and sexual maturation research.
Microlens arrays (MLAs) based on the selective wetting have opened new avenues for developing compact and miniaturized imaging and display techniques with ultrahigh resolution beyond the traditional bulky and volumetric optics. However, the selective wetting lenses explored so far have been constrained by the lack of precisely defined pattern for highly controllable wettability contrast, thus limiting the available droplet curvature and numerical aperture, which is a major challenge towards the practical high-performance MLAs. Here we report a mold-free and self-assembly approach of mass-production of scalable MLAs, which can also have ultrasmooth surface, ultrahigh resolution, and the large tuning range of the curvatures. The selective surface modification based on tunable oxygen plasma can facilitate the precise pattern with adjusted chemical contrast, thus creating large-scale microdroplets array with controlled curvature. The numerical aperture of the MLAs can be up to 0.26 and precisely tuned by adjusting the modification intensity or the droplet dose. The fabricated MLAs have high-quality surface with subnanometer roughness and allow for record-high resolution imaging up to equivalently 10,328 ppi, as we demonstrated. This study shows a cost-effective roadmap for mass-production of high-performance MLAs, which may find applications in the rapid proliferating integral imaging industry and high-resolution display.
Background Dissociation is a ubiquitous clinical phenomenon. Dissociative disorders (DD) are primarily characterized by dissociation, and dissociative states are also a criterion for borderline personality disorder (BPD) and the dissociative subtype of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Dissociative reactions (e.g., depersonalization/derealization or gaps in awareness/memory) across diagnostic categories are believed to be affect contingent and theorized to serve affect regulation functions. What is not clear, however, is how self-reported affect and physiological reactivity unfold within dissociative episodes. To address this issue, the present project aims to investigate the hypothesis (1) whether self-reported distress (as indicated by arousal, e.g., feeling tense/agitated, and/or valence, e.g., feeling discontent/unwell) and physiological reactivity increase before dissociative episodes and (2) whether self-reported distress and physiological reactivity decrease during and after dissociative episodes in a transdiagnostic sample of patients with DD, BPD, and/or PTSD. Methods We will use a smartphone application to assess affect and dissociation 12 times per day over the course of one week in everyday life. During this time, heart and respiratory rates will be remotely monitored. Afterwards, participants will report affect and dissociative states eight times in the laboratory before, during, and after the Trier Social Stress Test. During the laboratory task, we will continuously record heart rate, electrodermal activity, and respiratory rate, as well as measure blood pressure and take salivary samples to determine cortisol levels. Our hypotheses will be tested using multilevel structural equation models. Power analyses determined a sample size of 85. Discussion The project will test key predictions of a transdiagnostic model of dissociation based on the idea that dissociative reactions are affect contingent and serve affect regulation functions. This project will not include non-clinical control participants. In addition, the assessment of dissociation is limited to pathological phenomena.
The mitochondrial transmembrane (TMEM) protein family has several essential physiological functions. However, its roles in cardiomyocyte proliferation and cardiac regeneration remain unclear. Here, we detected that TMEM11 inhibits cardiomyocyte proliferation and cardiac regeneration in vitro. TMEM11 deletion enhanced cardiomyocyte proliferation and restored heart function after myocardial injury. In contrast, TMEM11-overexpression inhibited neonatal cardiomyocyte proliferation and regeneration in mouse hearts. TMEM11 directly interacted with METTL1 and enhanced m^7G methylation of Atf5 mRNA, thereby increasing ATF5 expression. A TMEM11-dependent increase in ATF5 promoted the transcription of Inca1 , an inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinase interacting with cyclin A1, which suppressed cardiomyocyte proliferation. Hence, our findings revealed that TMEM11-mediated m^7G methylation is involved in the regulation of cardiomyocyte proliferation, and targeting the TMEM11-METTL1-ATF5-INCA1 axis may serve as a novel therapeutic strategy for promoting cardiac repair and regeneration.
Background To evaluate the prognostic role of imaging features based on CT and MRI in intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma (ICC). Methods Two hundred and four patients from a single-center database who underwent radical ICC surgery from 2010 to 2019 were enrolled in the study. Cox proportional hazard model was used for survival analysis of imaging features. A meta-analysis was performed to determine imaging features that predict overall survival (OS) and event-free survival (EFS) in ICC. Results In the CT group of the retrospective cohort, tumor multiplicity, infiltrative tumor margin, lymph node metastasis, enhancement pattern in hepatic arterial phase and tumor necrosis correlated with poorer EFS and OS; moreover, enhancing capsules, high carcinoembryonic antigen levels contributed to poor OS. In the MRI group, tumor multiplicity and enhancement pattern were prognostic factors for OS; tumor multiplicity and enhancement pattern resulted in poor EFS. A total of 13 articles containing 1822 patients with ICC were enrolled in the adjusted hazard ratios meta-analysis. The results showed that enhancement pattern and infiltrative tumor margin were predictors of OS and EFS, whereas bile duct invasion was a predictor of OS. Conclusions Arterial enhancement patterns and tumor margin status were associated with both OS and EFS of ICC patients following resection.
Background Mucormycosis is a serious life-threatening fungal infection that recently made severe sudden and devastating surge during the second wave of the COVID-19 epidemic with a mortality rate of up to 50%. Although the causality link between COVID-19 and rhino-orbito-cerebral mucormycosis (ROCM) remains unclear, many factors including poor diabetes control, high doses of steroids, viral-induced lymphopenia, and cytokine storm have been attributed to ROCM in patients with COVID-19. Orienting to risk factors and early recognition of this potentially fatal opportunistic infection is the key to optimal management and improved outcomes. In these contexts, we conducted a prospective study for 33 patients admitted to our tertiary hospital to determine the risk factors for ROCM in patients with COVID-19 and the cumulative mortality rates. Results This study found a statistically significant relation between the fate of death in COVID-MUCOR patients who had presented fever, ophthalmoplegia, facial skin necrosis, and visual loss with those who received dose of steroid to control their respiratory symptoms P < 0.001. Death from COVID-MUCOR was statistically significant related to the prolonged interval from the onset of the symptoms to start of treatment and intervention. Also, it was found that there was a significant decrease in duration between COVID-19 infection and the start of mucormycosis (days) with incidence of DKA on admission. Nineteen (57.6%) of the patients had uncontrolled diabetes mellitus (hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c) of > 7.0%). Conclusion Mucormycosis epidemic was precipitated by a unique confluence of risk factors: diabetes mellitus, widespread use of steroids, and perhaps SARS-CoV-2 infection itself. Restricting steroid use in patients with severe COVID-19 requiring oxygen therapy, and screening for and optimally controlling hyperglycemia, can prevent COVID-MUCOR in a large majority.
Background Out-of-hospital Emergency Medical Services (OHEMS) require fast and accurate assessment of patients and efficient clinical judgment in the face of uncertainty and ambiguity. Guidelines and protocols can support staff in these situations, but there is significant variability in their use. Therefore, the aim of this study was to increase our understanding of physician decision-making in OHEMS, in particular, to characterize the types of decisions made and to explore potential facilitating and hindering factors. Methods Qualitative interview study of 21 physicians in a large, publicly-owned and operated OHEMS in Croatia. Data was subjected to an inductive content analysis. Results Physicians (mostly young, female, and early in their career), made three decisions (transport, treat, and if yes on either, how) after an initial patient assessment. Decisions were influenced by patient needs, but to a greater extent by factors related to themselves and patients (microsystem), their organization (mesosystem), and the larger health system (macrosystem). This generated a high variability in quality and outcomes. Participants desired support through further training, improved guidelines, formalized feedback, supportive management, and health system process redesign to better coordinate and align care across organizational boundaries. Conclusions The three decisions were made complex by contextual factors that largely lay outside physician control at the mesosystem level. However, physicians still took personal responsibility for concerns more suitably addressed at the organizational level. This negatively impacted care quality and staff well-being. If managers instead adopt a learning orientation, the path from novice to expert physician could be more ably supported through organizational demands and practices aligned with real-world practice. Questions remain on how managers can better support the learning needed to improve quality, safety, and physicians’ journey from novice to expert.
A joint remote state preparation (JRSP) scheme is put forward to prepare an arbitrary single-qubit state. Specifically, the GHZ-state of three qubits as a resource successively passes through the correlated amplitude damping (CAD) noisy channel. Then, an analytical expressions quantifying the average fidelity of JRSP is obtained under the CAD noisy channel. Comparing with the results of uncorrelated amplitude damping (AD) noise, we find that the correlated effects enable to improve the average fidelity of JRSP in the CAD noisy channel. Furthermore, by introducing the weak measurement (WM) and quantum measurement reversal (QMR), and we calculate the average fidelity as a function of the decoherence strength, memory parameter, measurement strength of WM and measurement strength of QMR for an arbitrary quantum state to be prepared. These results demonstrate that the combination of WM and QMR can significantly improve the average fidelity in both uncorrelated and correlated AD noise. Our results may extend the capabilities of WM as a technique in various quantum information processing which are affected by correlated noise.
Climate change risk is becoming a big threat to humanity across the globe, as it disrupts the socio-ecological systems, thereby making communities more vulnerable. Consequently, researchers dealing with disaster risk and climate change have conceptualized vulnerability and resilience as essential ideas for environmental management. These ideas have now been used in various disciplines to present the system’s risk and ability to cope and recover. Nevertheless, there is still a huge debate about the use of these concepts in the literature. Hence, this study intends to contribute to the debate by clarifying the concept of vulnerability and resilience in the context of natural hazards. To this end, a PRISMA approach-guided systematic review was undertaken to identify the pertinent documents to corroborate the argument. This study argues that the two notions of resilience and vulnerability are conceptually intertwined, but one is not the polar opposite of the other. Although communities and the social groups that make up those communities can be highly vulnerable, that does not mean that they are also vulnerable in other ways. Vulnerability focuses on how well systems’ units (people, organizations, and societies) can deal with the consequences of stressors and is comprised of three major components, namely exposure, sensitivity, and adaptability. While the exposure and sensitivity components are positively related with vulnerability, adaptability exhibits a negative correlation with vulnerability. This study also argues that resilience is an ability of a socio-ecological system to bounce back to the preceding form after facing any shock, risk, and uncertainties by utilizing adaptive, absorptive, and transformative capacities. Adaptive capacity is the common component of vulnerability and resilience concepts, as low adaptive capacity places a system or unit in vulnerability, while high adaptive capacity promotes resilience. This study identifies several indicators and pillars recommended for a comprehensive understanding of vulnerability and resilience from various sources and analyzed them from different angles. The findings of this paper will be an important guideline for policymakers, practitioners, service providers, and environmental scientists.
Background Anastomotic leak after esophagectomy is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Our institution began performing laparoscopic gastric ischemic preconditioning (LGIP) with ligation of the left gastric and short gastric vessels prior to esophagectomy in all patients presenting with resectable esophageal cancer. We hypothesized that LGIP may decrease the incidence and severity of anastomotic leak. Methods Patients were prospectively evaluated following the universal application of LGIP prior to esophagectomy protocol in January 2021 until August 2022. Outcomes were compared with patients who underwent esophagectomy without LGIP from a prospectively maintained database from 2010 to 2020. Results We compared 42 patients who underwent LGIP followed by esophagectomy with 222 who underwent esophagectomy without LGIP. Age, sex, comorbidities, and clinical stage were similar between groups. Outpatient LGIP was generally well tolerated, with one patient experiencing prolonged gastroparesis. Median time from LGIP to esophagectomy was 31 days. Mean operative time and blood loss were not significantly different between groups. Patients who underwent LGIP were significantly less likely to develop an anastomotic leak following esophagectomy (7.1% vs. 20.7%, p = 0.038). This finding persisted on multivariate analysis [odds ratio (OR) 0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.03–0.42, p = 0.029]. The occurrence of any post-esophagectomy complication was similar between groups (40.5% vs. 46.0%, p = 0.514), but patients who underwent LGIP had shorter length of stay [10 (9–11) vs. 12 (9–15), p = 0.020]. Conclusions LGIP prior to esophagectomy is associated with a decreased risk of anastomotic leak and length of hospital stay. Further, multi-institutional studies are warranted to confirm these findings.
Watershed prioritization is essential in sub-watershed (SW) natural resource management. The Swat River watershed in the Hindukush mountains of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province covers an area of 5337 km^2. Using an Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer digital elevation model with a resolution of 30 m obtained from the United States Geological Survey (USGS), the present study identified 17 SWs (SW1–17) with drainage patterns ranging from dendritic to sub-dendritic. The SWs were assessed for their susceptibility to erosion via GIS-based assessment using a morphometry-based compound factor (CF) approach. A total of 15 linear, aerial, and relief morphometric characteristics were identified and analyzed. The SWs were ranked for each morphometric parameter based on their contribution to the erodibility of the SW. A ranking of 1 indicated that the SW had the greatest susceptibility to erosion for that parameter and a ranking of 17 indicates that it had the lowest. These rankings were summed to calculate the CF, which thus indicated the combined influence of these characteristics on the erosion susceptibility of the SW (a lower CF indicated a higher susceptibility to erosion). The SWs were consequently divided into four groups based on their susceptibility to erosion using the calculated CF: very high, high, moderate, and low susceptibility. SW8, SW12, and SW15 had the lowest CFs (8.0, 8.9, and 8.9, respectively) and were thus extremely vulnerable to erosion. In contrast, SW1, SW2, and SW4 had the highest CFs (13.4, 13.8, and 11.8, respectively) and were the least vulnerable to erosion. The very high-priority SWs were characterized by the presence of fifth-order streams, a length of the overland flow of 1.20–1.61, a very high basin relief of 1720–2937, the highest relief ratio of 102.10–205.24, a low shape factor of 1.51–2.67, and a farm factor of 0.37–0.66. The present study demonstrates that the key morphometric characteristics that impact soil erosion are basin form and relief parameters, such as the basin relief and relief ratio. This study illustrates that the CF approach to determining the susceptibility of SWs to soil erosion is extremely valuable for planners and decision-makers for soil conservation efforts at the SW level.
In the previous research on solving the elliptic curve discrete logarithm problem, quantum resources were concretely estimated. In Banegas et al. (IACR Trans Cryptogr Hardw Embed Syst 2021(1):451–472, 2020. https://doi.org/10.46586/tches.v2021.i1.451-472 ), the quantum algorithm was optimized for binary elliptic curves, with the main optimization target being the number of the logical qubits. The division algorithm was primarily optimized in Banegas et al. (2020) since every ancillary qubit is used in the division algorithm. In this paper, we propose a new quantum division algorithm on the binary field that uses fewer qubits. Specifically, for elements in a field of $$2^n$$ 2 n , our algorithm saves $$n - 3\lfloor \log {n} \rfloor - 2$$ n - 3 ⌊ log n ⌋ - 2 qubits instead of using $$n^2 - 64n\lfloor \log (n) \rfloor + O(n)$$ n 2 - 64 n ⌊ log ( n ) ⌋ + O ( n ) more Toffoli gates, which leads to a more space-efficient quantum algorithm for binary elliptic curves. For the small size n of 16, 127, 163, 233, 283 and 571, both the number of qubits and the number of Toffoli gates are actually reduced. When the size n is 571, the reduction in ancillary qubits amounts to approximately 23% compared to the previous algorithm.
Hyperhydricity (HH) is one of the most important physiological disorders that negatively affects various plant tissue culture techniques. The objective of this study was to characterize optical features to allow an automated detection of HH. For this purpose, HH was induced in two plant species, apple and Arabidopsis thaliana , and the severity was quantified based on visual scoring and determination of apoplastic liquid volume. The comparison between the HH score and the apoplastic liquid volume revealed a significant correlation, but different response dynamics. Corresponding leaf reflectance spectra were collected and different approaches of spectral analyses were evaluated for their ability to identify HH-specific wavelengths. Statistical analysis of raw spectra showed significantly lower reflection of hyperhydric leaves in the VIS, NIR and SWIR region. Application of the continuum removal hull method to raw spectra identified HH-specific absorption features over time and major absorption peaks at 980 nm, 1150 nm, 1400 nm, 1520 nm, 1780 nm and 1930 nm for the various conducted experiments. Machine learning (ML) model spot checking specified the support vector machine to be most suited for classification of hyperhydric explants, with a test accuracy of 85% outperforming traditional classification via vegetation index with 63% test accuracy and the other ML models tested. Investigations on the predictor importance revealed 1950 nm, 1445 nm in SWIR region and 415 nm in the VIS region to be most important for classification. The validity of the developed spectral classifier was tested on an available hyperspectral image acquisition in the SWIR-region. This study provides an approach that paves the way to automatic detection of hyperhydricity by identifying the key spectral features of this phenomenon.
Clostridioides difficile is a human pathogen that is ubiquitous in soil. Despite increasing infection rates and evidence of foodborne transmission, there is limited data on prevalence in soil or which factors influence persistence. The aim of this study was to investigate the prevalence of these bacteria in soil from three different spinach fields and to examine the chemical composition (carbon, organic carbon, nitrogen, organic matter, minerals and pH) and microbiota to gain insight into the factors that may promote/inhibit C. difficile . The overall C. difficile prevalence (10%) was lower than expected (based on international studies) and a significantly ( P  < 0.05) higher prevalence was obtained in Field 3 (20%) as compared to Fields 1 and 2 (5% each). Analysis of the soil suggested that the pH as well as organic matter, calcium and phosphorus content directly and indirectly (via the microbiota) influenced the prevalence of C. difficile in adjacent fields, where other factors (eg. climate) are similar. Although further studies are required to validate our findings, the data provides the first step in developing potential soil based control strategies.
Various approaches toward the development of sustainable software systems have been proposed by the requirements engineering community over the last decade. We conducted a systematic mapping study, analyzed 55 publications, and identified 29 approaches that have been published since the year 2000. We analyzed how the approaches evolved over time and how the publications and authors are influenced by each other. Furthermore, the approaches are analyzed in terms of their supported requirements engineering activities, along with the evidence provided in the publications. Additionally, we also analyzed which sustainability definitions have been used, if an iterative application of the approaches is discussed, and if the approaches also provide a tool-support for practitioners. We noticed an increase of publications on requirements engineering approaches toward sustainability in the last years, whereas a majority discuss sustainability based on the same multi-dimensional concept. Although different case studies have been already conducted, we noticed a lack of an industrial application. Our main findings concern the need of an evaluation on how the proposed requirements engineering approaches can also be applied in agile software development processes. Additionally, we also promote the development of supporting software tools to support practitioners in adapting the proposed approaches.
The increasing use of artificial intelligence (AI) in medicine is associated with new ethical challenges and responsibilities. However, special considerations and concerns should be addressed when integrating AI applications into medical education, where healthcare, AI, and education ethics collide. This commentary explores the biomedical ethical responsibilities of medical institutions in incorporating AI applications into medical education by identifying potential concerns and limitations, with the goal of implementing applicable recommendations. The recommendations presented are intended to assist in developing institutional guidelines for the ethical use of AI for medical educators and students.
Ticks attaching to ear canals of humans and animals are the cause of otoacariasis, common in rural areas of Nepal. The plant Clerodendrum viscosum is used in multiple indigenous systems of medicine by ethnic communities in the Indo-Nepali-Malaysian region. Visiting the Chitwan National Park, we learned that in indigenous medicine, flower extract of C. viscosum is utilized to treat digestive disorders and extracts from leaves as tick repellent to prevent ticks from invading or to remove them from the ear canal. The objective of our study was to provide support to indigenous medicine by characterizing the in vivo effect of leave extracts on ticks under laboratory conditions and its phytochemical composition. We collected plant parts of C. viscosum (leaves and flowers) and mango ( Mangifera indica ) leaves at the Chitwan National Park, previously associated with repellent activity to characterize their effect on Ixodes ricinus ticks by in vivo bioassays. A Q-ToF high-resolution analysis (HPLC-ESI-QToF) was conducted to elucidate phenolic compounds with potential repellent activity. Clerodendrum viscosum and M. indica leaf extracts had the highest tick repellent efficacy (%E = 80–100%) with significant differences when compared to C. viscosum flowers extracts (%E = 20–60%) and phosphate-buffered saline. Phytochemicals with tick repellent function as caffeic acid, fumaric acid and p-coumaric acid glucoside were identified in C. viscosum leaf extracts by HPLC-ESI-QToF, but not in non-repellent flower extracts. These results support the Nepali indigenous medicine application of C. viscosum leaf extracts to repel ticks. Additional research is needed for the development of natural and green repellent formulations to reduce the risks associated with ticks resistant to acaricides.
A Curry paradox about truth is generated by the following sentence, written on the board in room 101: If the sentence on the board in room 101 is true then 1 ≠ 1. A Curry paradox about validity is generated by the following argument, written on the board in room 102: The argument on the board in room 102 is valid. Therefore, 1 ≠ 1. Though the sentence and the argument generate Curry paradoxes, they also generate more basic paradoxes, in a sense to be made clear. I argue that if we solve these more basic paradoxes, we have solutions to both kinds of Curry paradox. The positive proposal is in part inspired by a brief remark of Gödel’s, that the paradoxes might appear “as something analogous to dividing by zero”—so that the concepts of truth and validity, for example, are everywhere applicable except for certain singular points or singularities. A second central claim is that 'true' and 'valid' are context-sensitive predicates. This contextual-singularity approach to the Curry paradoxes applies also to other paradoxes of truth, validity, denotation, and predicate-extension. So a more general aim of the paper is to provide a unified response to semantic paradox.
The causes of deforestation and forest degradation are complex and often region-specific. Socioeconomic factors have been identified as the primary driver, having a strong impact on landscape structure as they degrade or improve the ability of landscapes to provide habitats for a variety of species. Coffee agroforestry systems have great potential to provide habitats for multiple species. However, this coexistence depends on a fragile balance as most coffee producers are poor and highly vulnerable to variations in the price of agricultural products, and coffee plants are susceptible to crop pests and diseases, among other factors. We conducted an in-depth analysis of the drivers of land use change in a high-biodiversity landscape in southern Mexico where shaded coffee systems favor the connectivity of several protected natural areas. We elaborated land-use change maps using high-resolution images and conducted 106 semi-structured interviews to gather information on the causes of land-use change. The types of land cover across 7409 ha changed over ten years (2005–2015): 3658 ha (49%) due to habitat loss and degradation, 2370 ha (32%) to habitat gain, and 1381 ha (19%) to conversion from other non-forest areas. In all cases, the predominant drivers were the incidence of pests and diseases and the lack of profitability of coffee, which influenced the strategies available to producers. The volatility of coffee prices, the incidence of pests and diseases, and the lack of a sustainable national coffee policy are serious threats to the conservation of shaded coffee systems and biodiversity in this region.
Background A trusting dentist-patient relationship is pivotal in providing person-centred care. This scoping review aims to identify how trust is defined, measured and perceived by dental professionals. Methods The Joanna Briggs Institute framework was adopted. A search strategy was developed using MeSH (Medical Subject Headings) terms and key words. Medline/PubMed, Embase, PsycINFO and CINAHL were searched. Data were synthesised using thematic analysis. Findings In total, 16 studies were included that frequently used quantitative research methodology. Only four studies provided definition of trust. Many studies employed either Dental Trust Scale or Dental Beliefs Survey to measure dentist-patient trust, although others developed their own items. Limited research suggested that the dental professionals appreciated communication was paramount to building a trusting relationship with patients. Conclusion No consensus was found on the definition of trust, nor on a preferred assessment tool to measure dentist-patient trust. The limited evidence intimated that dental professionals acknowledged the importance of effective communication in building a trusting alliance with patients. The scarcity of relevant research highlights the need for more robust investigations of trust in dental care. No consensus is found on the trust definition or an instrument to measure patient trust in dentistry. Communication is recognised by dental professionals as significant in building trust with patients. Given the complexity of trust, more robust investigations are needed to develop a good measurement of trust and explore widely dental professionals' perception of patient trust.
Blocking the abrupt increase in systolic blood pressure associated with autonomic response during bladder hydrodistention in patients with interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome (IC/BPS) is essential for patient safety. We conducted this study to compare autonomic responses during bladder hydrodistention in patients with IC/BPS under general and spinal anaesthesia. Thirty-six patients were randomly allocated to a general anaesthesia (GA, n = 18) or a spinal anaesthesia (SA, n = 18) group. Blood pressure and heart rate were measured continuously and ΔSBP, defined as maximum increases in SBP during bladder hydrodistention from baseline, was compared between groups. Heart rate variability was analysed using electrocardiograms. The post-anaesthesia care unit assessed postoperative pain using a numeric (0–10) rating scale. Our analyses yield a significantly greater ΔSBP (73.0 [26.0–86.1] vs. 2.0 [− 4.0 to 6.0] mmHg), a significantly lower root-mean-square of successive differences in heart rate variability after bladder hydrodistention (10.8 [7.7–19.8] vs. 20.6 [15.1–44.7] ms), and significantly higher postoperative pain scores (3.5 [0.0–5.5] vs. 0.0 [0.0–0.0]) in the GA compared to the SA group. These findings suggest that SA has advantages over GA for bladder hydrodistention in preventing an abrupt increase in SBP and postoperative pain in IC/BPS patients.
The global agricultural system has been badly affected by adverse environmental changes in the past few years. These changes, including the rise of abiotic and biotic stressors negatively altered the growth and physiology of crop plants. Abiotic stresses, such as salinity, temperature extremes, drought, and heavy metals/metalloids, are major environmental constraints limiting crop growth, productivity, and sustainability worldwide. These stresses adversely affect plant metabolic activities and redox homeostasis, eventually leading to a reduction in plant growth and development. Plant growth regulators (PGRs) play a key role in regulating plants developmental processes and defensive responses under adverse environmental conditions. Among PGRs, gibberellic acid ( GA_3), an endogenous tetracyclic diterpenoid plant hormone, regulates many growth and developmental aspects of crop plants. GA_3 plays a pivotal role in mitigating abiotic stresses induced-perturbations in plants by modulating various physio-biochemical and molecular processes. Based on recent reports, this review article describes the role of exogenously applied GA_3 in improving seed germination, phenotypic characteristics, metabolic processes, yield and quality components, and post-harvest life of fruits, vegetables, and flowers. In this article, we summarize research concerning GA_3 biosynthesis and signaling and discuss the potential role of GA_3 in mediating tolerance to various abiotic stresses. Moreover, the present article enlightens the current research concerning the signaling pathway in gibberellin and gibberellin-mediated crosstalk with other plant hormones.
This study was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of propolis in improving the oxidative stability of sunflower oil (SFO) in comparison to buthylated hydroxytoluene (BHT), a synthetic antioxidant, under simulated frying conditions by using Attenuated Total Reflection-Mid Infrared (ATR-MIR) spectroscopy. Control, two different concentrations of propolis (1500 and 2000 ppm) and BHT added SFOs were heated at 180 °C for 24 h (8 h per day) and changes in the spectra of these oils sampled every 2 h were evaluated. The results revealed that the areas of the infrared bands related to primary and secondary oxidation products (the bands at 3482 and 1745 cm^−1) and to trans-unsaturated fatty acids (the bands at 987 and 965 cm^−1) increased and the areas of the bands related to cis fatty acids (the bands at 3009 and 722 cm^−1) decreased in the control SFO spectra after the heating process as a result of oxidation. 2000 ppm propolis delayed all these oxidation process, in a similar manner to BHT. Principal component analysis and chemical studies confirmed that propolis has a protective effect on the thermal oxidation of SFO. These results indicated that propolis could be recommended as an effective natural antioxidant and used instead of synthetic antioxidants in edible oil industry. This study also showed that ATR-MIR spectroscopy could be used as a fast and efficient technique to evaluate the oxidative stability of edible oils and the bands at 3482, 3009, 1745, 987, 965, 722 cm^−1 can be used as biomarkers for oxidation. Graphical Abstract 
Background The ongoing pandemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 has led to an enormous surge of clinical research. So far, the speed and success rate of related drug development projects, especially of vaccines, is unprecedented. For the first time, this situation allowed for the opportunistic evaluation of a translatability score, originally proposed in 2009, in a prospective manner. Methods Several vaccines and treatments under development in clinical phase III trials were selected for translational scoring with the translatability score. Six prospective and six retrospective case studies were performed. The scores had to be determined for a fictive date before any results of the phase III trial were reported in any media. Spearman correlation analysis and a Kruskal Wallis test were performed for statistical evaluation. Results A significant correlation between the translatability scores and the clinical outcomes in translation was found, as judged on the basis of positive/intermediate/negative endpoint studies or market approval. The Spearman correlation analysis of all cases ( r  = 0.91, p  < 0.001), the prospective cases alone ( r  = 0.93, p  = 0.008), and the retrospective cases alone ( r  = 0.93, p  = 0.008) showed a strong correlation between the score and outcome; R ^2 demonstrated a score-derived determination of outcomes by 86%. Conclusions The score detects strengths and weaknesses of a given project, resulting in the opportunity of selective amelioration of a project, as well as prospective portfolio risk balancing. Its substantial predictive value that has been demonstrated here for the first time could be of particular interest for biomedical industry (pharmaceutical and device manufacturers), funding agencies, venture capitalists, and researchers in the area. Future evaluations will have to address the generalizability of results obtained in an exceptional pandemic situation, and the potential adaptations of weighing factors/items to particular therapeutic areas.
Hope is known to be a crucial factor that can facilitate recovery from psychosis. In contrast, hopelessness has been associated with a variety of poor outcomes for people with psychosis, such as low self-esteem, depression, and suicide. While hope is central to recovery, the concept of hope can be challenging to identify and define. Furthermore, little is known about how psychotherapists can help people with psychosis reawaken a sense of hope that enables them to recover and lead meaningful lives with a severe mental illness. In this paper, the concept of hope is explored based on a selective review of the psychological and philosophical literature and through engagement with first-person accounts of psychosis. Following the review, key principles and interventions are described, including the importance of reckoning with therapist’s hope, processing hopelessness, facilitating a sense of belonging, fostering agency, and making meaning of the psychosis and promoting spirituality, that can rekindle a sense of hope. These principles and interventions are transtheoretical and can be applied to a variety of psychotherapeutic orientations. Finally, future directions are considered and possible factors that might enable the formation of hope for people living with psychosis are explored.
Cephalosporins are licensed for treatment of severe bacterial infections in different species. However, the effect of these antimicrobials on the fecal microbiome and potential spread of resistance-associated genes causes great concern. This highlights the need to understand the impact of cephalosporins on the porcine fecal microbiome and resistome. A combination of long-read 16S rRNA gene and shotgun metagenomic sequencing was applied to investigate the effect of conventional treatment with either ceftiofur (3 mg.kg^−1 intramuscular, 3 consecutive days) or cefquinome (2 mg.kg^−1 intramuscular, 5 consecutive days) on the porcine microbiome and resistome. Fecal samples were collected from 17 pigs (6 ceftiofur treated, 6 cefquinome treated, 5 control pigs) at four different timepoints. Treatment with ceftiofur resulted in an increase in Proteobacteria members on microbiome level, while on resistome level selection in TetQ containing Bacteroides , CfxA6 containing Prevotella and bla _ TEM-1 containing Escherichia coli was observed. Cefquinome treatment resulted in a decline in overall species richness (α-diversity) and increase in Proteobacteria members. On genus level, administration of cefquinome significantly affected more genera than ceftiofur (18 vs 8). On resistome level, cefquinome resulted in a significant increase of six antimicrobial resistance genes, with no clear correlation with certain genera. For both antimicrobials, the resistome levels returned back to the control levels 21 days post-treatment. Overall, our study provides novel insights on the effect of specific cephalosporins on the porcine gut microbiome and resistome after conventional intramuscular treatment. These results might contribute to better tailoring of the most ideal treatment strategy for some bacterial infections.
In this paper, we describe a new non-linear Schrö dinger model. Also, we present geometric flexible non-linear electromotive $$\phi (\chi _{1}),$$ ϕ ( χ 1 ) , $$\phi (\chi _{2}),$$ ϕ ( χ 2 ) , $$\phi (\chi _{3}),$$ ϕ ( χ 3 ) , $${\mathcal{B}}^{\mathcal{S}}$$ B S Schrödinger microscales in Minkowski 3-space. We characterize antiferromagnetic optical solitonic non-linear optimistic $$\phi (\chi _{1}),$$ ϕ ( χ 1 ) , $$\phi (\chi _{2}),$$ ϕ ( χ 2 ) , $$\phi (\chi _{3}),$$ ϕ ( χ 3 ) , $${\mathcal{B}}^{\mathcal{S}}$$ B S Schrödinger densities are presented by viscosity potential. Finally, we obtain Antiferromagnetic visco geometric pseudo flexible non-linear magnetic $$\phi (\chi _{1}),$$ ϕ ( χ 1 ) , $$\phi (\chi _{2}),$$ ϕ ( χ 2 ) , $$\phi (\chi _{3}),$$ ϕ ( χ 3 ) , $${\mathcal{B}}^{\mathcal{S}}$$ B S Schrödinger microscales.
Seagrasses are marine flowering plants, which form extensive meadows in intertidal and shallow water marine environments. They provide a wide range of ecosystem services, which directly or indirectly benefit humans and can be grouped into four broad categories: provisioning (e.g. food production); regulating (e.g. carbon sequestration); supporting (e.g. primary production); and cultural (e.g. recreational, and eco-tourism). This study provides a review of publications focusing on seagrass ecosystem services provision to identify knowledge gaps and improve our understanding of the use of these habitats as nature-based solutions to societal challenges, such as climate change. Results showed that some ecosystem services, namely food provision, carbon sequestration, and maintenance of biodiversity/nursery habitats receive a higher level of focus and attention than others, such as regulation of diseases and social relations, which are rarely, if ever, included in studies. It is clear that in order to fully comprehend the nature-based solution potential held by seagrass ecosystems, studies need to consider ecosystem services as a whole, and also combine and share results across global regions, to better understand the potential impacts of degradation and loss of these ecosystems worldwide. Suggestions include applying novel technologies such as remote sensing and ecological niche modelling to address some of the main gaps in seagrass research, like meadow extent and connectivity within landscapes, to better incorporate preservation of seagrass ecosystems in marine management plans.
The objective of this article is to gain an in-depth understanding of the eating lives of low-income single mothers in Japan. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with nine low-income single mothers living in the three largest urban areas (Tokyo, Hanshin [Osaka and Kobe] and Nagoya) in Japan. Framed by the capability approach and sociology of food, their dietary norms and practices, as well as underlying factors that impact the norm-practice gap were analysed across nine dimensions: meal frequency, place of eating, meal timing, duration, persons to eat with, procurement method, food quality, meal content and pleasure of eating. These mothers were deprived of various types of capabilities, extending not only from the quantity and nutritional aspects of food, but also to spatial, temporal, qualitative and affective aspects. Aside from financial constraints, eight other factors (time, maternal health, parenting difficulties, children’s tastes, gendered norms, cooking abilities, food aid and local food environment) were identified as influencing their capabilities to eat well. The findings challenge the view that food poverty is the deprivation of economic resources required to ensure a sufficient amount of food. Social interventions that go beyond monetary aid and food provision need to be proposed.
Background Hepatitis C is curable with direct-acting antivirals (DAAs). However, treatment uptake remains low among marginalized populations such as people who inject drugs. We sought to understand challenges to treatment uptake with DAAs among people living with hepatitis C and compare treatment experiences between people who do and do not inject prescription and/or unregulated drugs. Methods We conducted a qualitative study using focus groups with 23 adults aged 18 years and over who completed DAA treatment or were about to begin such treatment at the time of the study. Participants were recruited from hepatitis C treatment clinics across Toronto, Ontario. We drew upon stigma theory to interpret participants’ accounts. Results Following analysis and interpretation, we generated five theoretically-informed themes characterizing the experiences of individuals accessing DAAs: “being ‘worthy’ of the cure”, “spatially enacted stigma”, “countering social and structural vulnerability: the importance of peers”, “identity disruption and contagion: attaining a ‘social cure’” and “challenging stigma with population-based screening”. Overall, our findings suggest that structural stigma generated and reproduced through healthcare encounters limits access to DAAs among people who inject drugs. Peer-based programs and population-based screening were proposed by participants as mechanisms for countering stigma within health care settings and ‘normalizing’ hepatitis C among the general population. Conclusions Despite the availability of curative therapies, access to such treatment for people who inject drugs is limited by stigma enacted in and structured within healthcare encounters. Developing novel, low-threshold delivery programs that remove power differentials and attend to the social and structural determinants of health and reinfection are needed to facilitate further scale up of DAAs and support the goal of eradicating hepatitis C as a public health threat.
Purpose The process of robotic harvesting has revolutionized the agricultural industry, allowing for more efficient and cost-effective fruit picking. Developing algorithms for accurate fruit detection is essential for vision-based robotic harvesting of apples. Although deep-learning techniques are popularly used for apple detection, the development of robust models that can accord information about the fruit’s occlusion condition is important to plan a suitable strategy for end-effector manipulation. Apples on the tree experience occlusions due to leaves, stems (branches), trellis wire, or other fruits during robotic harvesting. Methods A novel two-stage deep-learning-based approach is proposed and successfully demonstrated for detecting on-tree apples and identifying their occlusion condition. In the first stage, the system employs a cutting-edge YOLOv7 model, meticulously trained on a custom Kashmiri apple orchard image dataset. The second stage of the approach utilize the powerful EfficientNet-B0 model; the system is able to classify the apples into four distinct categories based on their occlusion condition, namely, non-occluded, leaf-occluded, stem/wire-occluded, and apple-occluded apples. Results The YOLOv7 model achieved an average precision of 0.902 and an F1-score of 0.905 on a test set for detecting apples. The size of the trained weights and detection speed were observed to be 284 MB and 0.128 s per image. The classification model produced an overall accuracy of 92.22% with F1-scores of 94.64%, 90.91%, 86.87%, and 90.25% for non-occluded, leaf-occluded, stem/wire-occluded, and apple-occluded apple classes, respectively. Conclusion This study proposes a novel two-stage model for the simultaneous detection of on-tree apples and classify them based on occlusion conditions, which could improve the effectiveness of autonomous apple harvesting and avoid potential damage to the end-effector due to the objects causing the occlusion.
Background The purpose of this study was to describe the frequency and risk factors for orthopedic surgery in patients with achondroplasia. CLARITY (The Achondroplasia Natural History Study) includes clinical data from achondroplasia patients receiving treatment at four skeletal dysplasia centers in the United States from 1957 to 2018. Data were entered and stored in a Research Electronic Data Capture (REDCap) database. Results Information from one thousand three hundred and seventy-four patients with achondroplasia were included in this study. Four hundred and eight (29.7%) patients had at least one orthopedic surgery during their lifetime and 299 (21.8%) patients underwent multiple procedures. 12.7% (n = 175) of patients underwent spine surgery at a mean age at first surgery of 22.4 ± 15.3 years old. The median age was 16.7 years old (0.1–67.4). 21.2% (n = 291) of patients underwent lower extremity surgery at a mean age at first surgery of 9.9 ± 8.3 years old with a median age of 8.2 years (0.2–57.8). The most common spinal procedure was decompression (152 patients underwent 271 laminectomy procedures), while the most common lower extremity procedure was osteotomy (200 patients underwent 434 procedures). Fifty-eight (4.2%) patients had both a spine and lower extremity surgery. Specific risk factors increasing the likelihood of orthopedic surgery included: patients with hydrocephalus requiring shunt placement having higher odds of undergoing spine surgery (OR 1.97, 95% CI 1.14–3.26); patients having a cervicomedullary decompression also had higher odds of undergoing spine surgery (OR 1.85, 95% CI 1.30–2.63); and having lower extremity surgery increased the odds of spine surgery (OR 2.05, 95% CI 1.45–2.90). Conclusions Orthopedic surgery was a common occurrence in achondroplasia with 29.7% of patients undergoing at least one orthopedic procedure. Spine surgery (12.7%) was less common and occurred at a later age than lower extremity surgery (21.2%). Cervicomedullary decompression and hydrocephalus with shunt placement were associated with an increased risk for spine surgery. The results from CLARITY, the largest natural history study of achondroplasia, should aid clinicians in counseling patients and families about orthopedic surgery.
Purpose Tumors in parts of the colon other than the transverse colon have been well studied, but little is known about adenocarcinoma of the transverse colon (ATC).The aim of this study was to construct nomograms using competing-risk model for accurately predicting the probability of cancer-specific and non-cancer-specific death in patients with ATC. Methods Data on eligible patients recorded during 2000–2019 in the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results database were extracted and screened. Factors that influencing prognosis were screened for death from ATC (DATC) and death from other causes (DOC) using competing-risk analysis, including univariate and multivariate analyses based on Gray’s test and the Fine–Gray model, respectively. Independent prognostic factors were identified and nomograms were constructed. For comparison, we also constructed a Cox model and an AJCC stage-only competing-risk model (AJCC model) for patients with DATC. Performance evaluations of the nomograms and comparison between the models were performed using calibration plots, Harrell’s concordance index (C-index), receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves, and the areas under the ROC curve (AUCs). The nomograms and models were validated using a validation cohort. The net reclassification index, integrated discrimination improvement, decision curves, and risk stratification were not assessed because no accepted methods were suited for competing-risk model. Results This study included 21,469 patients with ATC, and 17 and 9 independent influencing factors were identified for the construction of DATC nomograms (DATCN) and DOC nomograms (DOCN), respectively. In both the training and validation cohorts, the calibration curves indicated good agreement between the nomogram-based predictions and the actual observations in the two nomograms, respectively. The C-index of the DATCN was higher than 80% (80.3–83.3%) at 1, 3 and 5 years in both the training and validation cohorts, significantly outperforming the AJCC (76.7–78%) and Cox (75.4–79.5%) model. The C-index of the DOCN was also higher than 69% (69.0–73.6%). In terms of ROC curves at each time point, those of the DATCN were very close to the upper-left corner of the coordinate axis in both the training and validation cohorts, and their AUCs were larger than 84% (84.2–85.4%).The AUCs of the AJCC (78.4–81.1%) and Cox (79.4–81.5%) models were significantly lower ( p  < 0.05), and the curves were closer to the diagonal. The ROC curves of the DOCN was similar to those of the DATCN, and the AUCs were 68.5–74%. The DATCN and DOCN therefore had good consistency, accuracy, and stability, respectively. Conclusion This study was the first to construct competing-risk nomograms for ATC. These nomograms have proved useful for accurately assessing patient prognoses and allowing more-individualized follow-up strategies, thereby reducing the mortality.
Research conducted on mobile apps providing mental health services has concluded that patients with mental disorders tend to use such apps to maintain mental health balance technology may help manage and monitor issues like bipolar disorder (BP). This study was conducted in four steps to identify the features of designing a mobile application for BP-affected patients including (1) a literature search, (2) analyzing existing mobile apps to examine their efficiency, (3) interviewing patients affected with BP to discover their needs, and 4) exploring the points of view of experts using a dynamic narrative survey. Literature search and mobile app analysis resulted in 45 features, which were later reduced to 30 after the experts were surveyed about the project. The features included the following: mood monitoring, sleep schedule, energy level evaluation, irritability, speech level, communication, sexual activity, self-confidence level, suicidal thoughts, guilt, concentration level, aggressiveness, anxiety, appetite, smoking or drug abuse, blood pressure, the patient’s weight and the side effects of medication, reminders, mood data scales, diagrams or charts of the collected data, referring the collected data to a psychologist, educational information, sending feedbacks to patients using the application, and standard tests for mood assessment. The first phase of analysis should consider an expert and patient view survey, mood and medication tracking, as well as communication with other people in the same situation are the most features to be considered. The present study has identified the necessity of apps intended to manage and monitor bipolar patients to maximize efficiency and minimize relapse and side effects.
The purpose of this study is to clarify how material flow cost accounting (MFCA) can contribute to the SDGs and indicate how to introduce it into a company. First, we undertake a literature review to examine which SDGs MFCA can potentially contribute to. We then analyse the interplay between MFCA and management decision-making on the SDGs using an MFCA-LCA integrated model. Finally, we discuss how to introduce MFCA into a company to integrate the SDGs into management decision-making with reference to the SDG Compass. The main contributions are as follows: First, we revealed that MFCA could potentially contribute to multiple goals in the SDGs. Second, we clarified that MFCA could integrate the SDGs into actual management decision-making. Third, we suggested appropriate steps for implementation, regarding how managers should introduce MFCA into the management process on the condition that it does not prioritise economic benefit over social and environmental benefits in contributing to the SDGs. Therefore, this study provides evidence that MFCA can contribute to the SDGs by integrating them into management decision-making, and suggests appropriate implementation steps for promoting the pursuance of SDGs in any company.
Background Ticks are obligate bloodsucking parasites responsible for significant economic losses and concerns with human and animal health, mainly due to the transmission of pathogens. Entomopathogenic fungi have been intensively studied as an alternative strategy for tick control that can be used in combination with synthetic acaricides in the integrated management of ticks. Here, we investigated how the gut bacterial community of Rhipicephalus microplus is shaped after Metarhizium anisopliae treatment and how the tick susceptibility to the fungus is affected after disrupting gut bacterial microbiota. Methods Partially engorged tick females were artificially fed with pure bovine blood or blood plus tetracycline. Two other groups received the same diet and were topically treated with M. anisopliae . The guts were dissected, and the genomic DNA was extracted 3 days after the treatment; the V3–V4 variable region of the bacterial 16S rRNA gene was amplified. Results The gut of ticks that received no antibiotic but were treated with M. anisopliae exhibited lower bacterial diversity and a higher occurrence of Coxiella species. The Simpson diversity index and Pielou equability coefficient were higher in the gut bacterial community when R. microplus were fed with tetracycline and fungus-treated. Ticks from fungus-treated groups (with or without tetracycline) exhibited lower survival than untreated females. Previous feeding of ticks with the antibiotic did not change their susceptibility to the fungus. Ehrlichia spp. were not detected in the gueated groups. Conclusions These findings suggest that myco-acaricidal action would not be impacted if the calf hosting these ticks is under antibiotic therapy. Moreover, the hypothesis that entomopathogenic fungi can affect the bacterial community in the gut of R. microplus engorged females is endorsed by the fact that ticks exposed to M. anisopliae exhibited a dramatic reduction in bacterial diversity. This is the first report of an entomopathogenic fungus affecting the tick gut microbiota. Graphical Abstract 
The microneedles have attracted great interests for a wide range of transdermal biomedical applications, such as biosensing and drug delivery, due to the advantages of being painless, semi-invasive, and sustainable. The ongoing challenges are the materials and fabrication methods of the microneedles in order to obtain a specific shape, configuration and function of the microneedles to achieve a target biomedical application. Here, this review would introduce the types of materials of the microneedles firstly. The hardness, Young's modulus, geometric structure, processability, biocompatibility and degradability of the microneedles are explored as well. Then, the fabrication methods for the solid and hollow microneedles in recent years are reviewed in detail, and the advantages and disadvantages of each process are analyzed and compared. Finally, the biomedical applications of the microneedles are reviewed, including biosensing, drug delivery, body fluid extraction, and nerve stimulation. It is expected that this work provides the fundamental knowledge for developing new microneedle devices, as well as the applications in a variety of biomedical fields.
Microbial catabolic activity (MCA) defined as the degrading activity of microorganisms toward various organic compounds for their growth and energy is commonly used to assess soil microbial function potential. For its measure, several methods are available including multi-substrate-induced respiration (MSIR) measurement which allow to estimate functional diversity using selected carbon substrates targeting specific biochemical pathways. In this review, the techniques used to measure soil MCA are described and compared with respect to their accuracy and practical use. Particularly the efficiency of MSIR-based approaches as soil microbial function indicators was discussed by (i) showing their sensitivity to different agricultural practices including tillage, amendments, and cropping systems and (ii) by investigating their relationship with soil enzyme activities and some soil chemical properties (pH, soil organic carbon, cation exchange capacity). We highlighted the potential of these MSIR-based MCA measurements to improve microbial inoculant composition and to determine their potential effects on soil microbial functions. Finally, we have proposed ideas for improving MCA measurement notably through the use of molecular tools and stable isotope probing which can be combined with classic MSIR methods. Graphical Abstract Graphical abstract describing the interrelation between the different parts and the concepts developed in the review
The aim of this study is to establish the feasibility of awake laparotomy under neuraxial anesthesia (NA) in a suburban hospital. A retrospective analysis of the results of a consecutive series of 70 patients undergoing awake abdominal surgery under NA at the Department of Surgery of our Hospital from February 11th, 2020 to October 20th, 2021 was conducted. The series includes 43 cases of urgent surgical care (2020) and 27 cases of elective abdominal surgery on frail patients (2021). Seventeen procedures (24.3%) required sedation to better control patient discomfort. Only in 4/70 (5.7%) cases, conversion to general anesthesia (GA) was necessary. Conversion to GA was not related to American Society of Anesthesiology (ASA) score or operative time. Only one of the four cases requiring conversion to GA was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) postoperatively. Fifteen patients (21.4%) required postoperative ICU support. A statistically non-significant association was observed between conversion to GA and postoperative ICU admission. The mortality rate was 8.5% (6 patients). Five out of six deaths occurred while in the ICU. All six were frail patients. None of these deaths was related to a complication of NA. Awake laparotomy under NA has confirmed its feasibility and safety in times of scarcity of resources and therapeutic restrictions, even in the most frail patients. We believe that this approach should be considered as an useful asset, especially for suburban hospitals.
Compliant contact force models were developed and mainly used to investigate simple impacts of two bodies. It is therefore unclear how they will perform in more complex cases, where simultaneous, multi-zone impact may occur. The aim of this study is to investigate phenomena that occur in such impacts and to study the effectiveness of preselected contact force models in their modelling. For this purpose, the study addressed collisions that occur in a collinear system of 3 to 6 particles made of steel, aluminium, and bronze. The results obtained for each force model were referenced to the FEM analysis. To compare the performance of the models, the Benchmark Velocity Indicator (BVI) is proposed. The study showed that during simultaneous, multi-zone impact direct switch from the restitution to compression phases may occur and subsequent collision along the same normal may take place. Such phenomena are not incorporated in current compliant contact force models; therefore, the study showed the need for their further improvement. The best models proposed by Kogut and Etsion (KE) and Jackson and Green (JG) achieved average errors equal to 3.89% and 4.15%, respectively. However, the same models in their worst cases reached error values of 38.66% and 33.77%. The article concludes with proposals for future improvements.
Summary The relationship between different domains of physical activity (PA) and bone health in older adults needs to be further investigated. We evaluated 379 Brazilian older adults and observed that the risk of osteopenia is higher in older adults who are physically inactive in occupational domain and for osteoporosis the risk is higher in physically inactive in commuting domain and total habitual PA. Purpose Bone mineral density (BMD) usually decreases with age, and the risk of osteometabolic diseases, such as osteopenia and osteoporosis, increases in older adults. PA is strictly related to BMD. However, the relationship between different domains of PA and bone health in older adults is still unclear, and needs to be further investigated, aiming at the implementation of preventative health measures for this population. Thus, the aim of the current study was to analyze the association between different domains of PA and the risk for osteopenia and osteoporosis in older adults in a 12-month follow-up. Methods Prospective study that included 379 Brazilian community-dwelling older adults, aged ≥ 60 years (70 ± 7 years, 69% women). Areal bone mineral density (aBMD) total, proximal femur, and lumbar spine were measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), and PA was self-reported. Binary logistic regression analysis and 95%CI were used to analyze the association between the practice of PA in different domains (at baseline and follow-up) and risk for osteopenia and osteoporosis (follow-up). Results The risk for osteopenia (total proximal femur or lumbar spine) is higher in older adults who are physically inactive in the occupational domain (OR:3.25; 95%CI:1.24–8.55). In addition, older adults who are physically inactive in the commuting domain (OR:3.43; 95%CI:1.09–10.82) and total PA (OR:5.58; 95%CI:1.57–19.88) present a higher risk for osteoporosis (total proximal femur or lumbar spine) compared to physically active older adults. Conclusion The risk of osteopenia is higher in older adults who are physically inactive in occupational domain and for osteoporosis the risk is higher in physically inactive in commuting domain and total habitual PA.
This work examines the connections between service quality (SQ), service value (SV), customer satisfaction (CS), and customer loyalty (CL) within the healthcare industry. In addition, we seek to provide empirical evidence regarding the impact of different types of switching barriers, including procedural, financial, and relational costs, on these relationships. This is because switching costs are the key factors for maintaining and developing the relationship with the customer. The paper uses the Partial Least Squares Structural Equation Modeling (PLS-SEM) method for assessing the structure of - and examining - the valid data sample of 300 people, who have all experienced service from private healthcare in Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC), Vietnam. This paper is the first to study the three-dimensional switching costs (SC) (procedural, financial, and relational) as mediators of the CS-CL, and SV-CL relationships together in the private healthcare sector. The significant contributions of this paper include: (1) procedural, financial, and relational switching costs which have a determinant impact on customer loyalty (CL). Moreover, loyalty is also achieved through value given, and the pleasure of clients in the healthcare sector, (2) while customer satisfaction (CS) is a mediator of service value (SV) and CL, SV intervenes between the SQ and CS, (3) procedural/financial switching costs partially mediate the effects of the SV, CS, and CL relationships. Both academic contributions and managerial recommendations are provided by the results of this research in order to enrich the literature, and also to suggest that companies build stronger relationships with their customers and thus retain them.
Background When determining treatment effects with real-world data, there is a risk of obtaining biased results if the distribution of pretreatment characteristics of the study participants is different in the groups to be compared (confounding). Propensity scores are a method suitable for forming groups with comparable distributions of characteristics to subsequently estimate the treatment effect of interest. Aim The goal of this paper is to introduce the calculation and application of propensity scores. Materials and methods The method of propensity scores is described and explained with reference to the literature. Advantages and disadvantages of the methodology are highlighted. Results It is shown how propensity scores are calculated and applied. Variations of the calculation include logistic or probit regression, discriminant analysis, classification and regression trees (CART), neural networks, and other methods. Propensity scores can be applied for matching, stratification, weighting, and in the context of a regression analysis. Conclusion The application of propensity scores leads to a quasi-experimental study design and may help to estimate unbiased treatment effects in the context of real-world data analysis. Hintergrund Bei der Ermittlung von Behandlungseffekten mit Real World Data (RWD) kann die Gefahr bestehen, verzerrte Ergebnisse zu erhalten, wenn die Verteilung der Vorbehandlungscharakteristika der Studienteilnehmer in den zu vergleichenden Gruppen unterschiedlich ist (Confounding). Propensity Scores (PS) sind eine geeignete Methode zur Bildung von Gruppen mit vergleichbarer Verteilung von Charakteristika, um anschließend den interessierenden Behandlungseffekt zu schätzen. Ziel der Arbeit Ziel des vorliegenden Beitrags ist eine Einführung in die Berechnung und Anwendung von PS. Material und Methoden Die Methode der PS wird beschrieben und mit Bezug zur Übersichtsliteratur erläutert. Vor- und Nachteile der Methodik werden aufgezeigt. Ergebnisse Es wird dargestellt, wie PS berechnet und angewendet werden. Varianten der Berechnung sind: die logistische oder die Probit-Regression, die Diskriminanzanalyse, „classification and regression trees“ (CART), neuronale Netze und andere Methoden. PS werden zum Matching, zur Stratifizierung, zur Gewichtung und im Rahmen einer Regression angewandt. Schlussfolgerung Die Anwendung der PS führt zu einem quasiexperimentellen Studiendesign und hilft ggf. unverzerrte Behandlungseffekte im Rahmen der Analyse von RWD zu schätzen.
Abstract The different forms of propagation of relativistic electron plasma wavepackets in terms of Airy functions are studied. It is shown that exact solutions can be constructed showing accelerated propagations along coordinates transverse to the thermal speed cone coordinate. Similarly, Airy propagation is a solution for relativistic electron plasma waves in the paraxial approximation. This regime is considered in time domain, when paraxial approximation is considered for frequency, and in space domain, when paraxial approximation is considered for wavelength. In both different cases, the wavepackets remain structured in the transverse plane. Using these solutions we are able to define generalized and arbitrary Airy wavepackets for electron plasma waves, depending on arbitrary spectral functions. Examples of this construction are presented. These electron plasma Airy wavepackets are the most general solutions of this kind. Graphical abstract 
Purpose Sexuality, a substantial factor in quality of life, may be altered after breast cancer (BC) treatments as they intimately afflict femininity. This study aimed to assess the prevalence of sexual dysfunction in women with a history of BC and to compare it with women without a BC history. Methods The French general epidemiological cohort CONSTANCES includes more than 200,000 adults. All inclusion questionnaires from CONSTANCES non-virgin adult female participants were analyzed. Women reporting a history of BC were compared to controls in univariate analysis. Multivariate analysis was performed to highlight any demographic risk factor for sexual dysfunction. Results Among the 2,680 participants who had a history of BC, 34% did not engage in sexual intercourse (SI) in the month preceding the completion of the questionnaire (n = 911), 34% had pain during SI (n = 901) and 30% were not satisfied with their sex life (n = 803). Sexual dysfunction was significantly more frequent in women who had a history of BC: they had less sexual interest (OR 1.79 [1.65;1.94], p  < 0.001), experienced more pain during SI (OR 1.10 [1.02;1.19], p < 0.001) and were more dissatisfied with their sex life (OR 1.58 [1.47;1.71], p  < 0.001). This stayed true after adjustment on multiple demographic factors such as age, menopausal status, body mass index and depression. Conclusions Overall, in this real-life study in a large national cohort, history of BC appeared to be a risk factor for sexual disorders. Implications for cancer survivors Efforts to detect sexual disorders in BC survivors and offer quality support must be pursued.
On March 11^th, 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) a pandemic. To control the pandemic, billions of vaccine doses have been administered worldwide. Predictors of COVID-19 vaccine-related side effects are inconsistently described in the literature. This study aimed to identify the predictors of side effects’ severity after COVID-19 vaccination among young adult students at Taif University (TU) in Saudi Arabia. An online, anonymous questionnaire was used. Descriptive statistics were calculated for numerical and categorical variables. Possible correlations with other characteristics were identified using the chi-square test. The study included 760 young adult participants from TU. Pain at the injection site (54.7%), headache (45.0%), lethargy and fatigue (43.3%), and fever (37.5%) were the most frequently reported COVID-19 vaccine-related side effects after the first dose. The most frequent side effects were reported among the 20–25-year-old age group for all doses of all vaccines. Females experienced remarkably more side effects after the second ( p  < 0.001) and third doses ( p  = 0.002). Moreover, ABO blood groups significantly correlated with vaccine-related side effects after the second dose ( p  = 0.020). The participants' general health status correlated with the side effects after the first and second doses ( p  < 0.001 and 0.022, respectively). The predictors of COVID-19 vaccine-related side effects in young, vaccinated people were blood group B, female gender, vaccine type, and poor health status.
Monoamines like serotonin, dopamine, and adrenaline/noradrenaline (epinephrine/norepinephrine) act as neuromodulators in the nervous system. They play a role in complex behaviours, cognitive functions such as learning and memory formation, as well as fundamental homeostatic processes such as sleep and feeding. However, the evolutionary origin of the genes required for monoaminergic modulation is uncertain. Using a phylogenomic approach, in this study, we show that most of the genes involved in monoamine production, modulation, and reception originated in the bilaterian stem group. This suggests that the monoaminergic system is a bilaterian novelty and that its evolution may have contributed to the Cambrian diversification. Monoamines act as neuromodulators in the nervous system, but their evolutionary origins are unclear. Here, the authors examine the evolution of genes involved in monoamine production, and processing suggesting that the monoaminergic system evolved in the bilaterian stem-group.
The overall survival rate of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is the worst among all cancers, which is mainly due to the fact that most patients are in the late tumor stage when diagnosed, lacking effective treatment options. Although targeted therapy has shown some prospects in PDAC, its efficacy is limited to patients with specific gene mutation or target gene expression. A large number of patients have no other treatment options except chemotherapy. However, the high drug resistance rate of chemotherapy for PDAC severely limits the improvement of curative effect. Therefore, determining the key factors that lead to drug resistance in PDAC is crucial to improve the prognosis of patients. Multifunctional oncoprotein Y-box binding protein 1 (YBX1) may be one of such potential targets. Studies have confirmed that YBX1 is associated with the inherent behavior of a variety of cancers, such as proliferation, invasion, metastasis, and cancer cell stemness. Herein, we integrated and analyzed the resistance mechanism of YBX1 in anti-tumor therapy, and discussed its potential as a therapeutic target to reverse the chemotherapy resistance of PDAC.
Oregon expanded Emergency Medicaid coverage to 60 days of postpartum care in 2018, facilitating ongoing care for conditions such as gestational diabetes. We linked Medicaid claims and birth certificates from 2010 to 2019 in Oregon and South Carolina, which did not expand postpartum care. We used a difference-in-difference design to measure the effects of postpartum care coverage among Emergency Medicaid recipients with gestational diabetes. Primary outcomes were receipt of recommended glucose tolerance testing and new diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes. Our sample included 2,270 live births among a predominantly multiparous, Latina population. Postpartum coverage was associated with a significant increase in receipt of a recommended glucose tolerance test (23.1 percentage points, 95% CI 16.9–29.3) and in diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes (4.6 percentage points, 95% CI 3.3–65.9). Expansion of postpartum coverage increased recommended screenings and care among Emergency Medicaid enrollees with pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes.
Silicosis is an occupational lung disease that is common worldwide. In recent years, coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has provided daunting challenges to public healthcare systems globally. Although multiple studies have shown a close link between COVID-19 and other respiratory diseases, the inter-relational mechanisms between COVID-19 and silicosis remain unclear. This study aimed to explore the shared molecular mechanisms and drug targets of COVID-19 and silicosis. Gene expression profiling identified four modules that were most closely associated with both diseases. Furthermore, we performed functional analysis and constructed a protein–protein interaction network. Seven hub genes (budding uninhibited by benzimidazoles 1 [BUB1], protein regulator of cytokinesis 1 [PRC1], kinesin family member C1 [KIFC1], ribonucleotide reductase regulatory subunit M2 [RRM2], cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 3 [CDKN3], Cyclin B2 [CCNB2], and minichromosome maintenance complex component 6 [MCM6]) were involved in the interaction between COVID-19 and silicosis. We investigated how diverse microRNAs and transcription factors regulate these seven genes. Subsequently, the correlation between the hub genes and infiltrating immune cells was explored. Further in-depth analyses were performed based on single-cell transcriptomic data from COVID-19, and the expression of hub-shared genes was characterized and located in multiple cell clusters. Finally, molecular docking results reveal small molecular compounds that may improve COVID-19 and silicosis. The current study reveals the common pathogenesis of COVID-19 and silicosis, which may provide a novel reference for further research.
Sensory abilities and cognitive processes for honey bees, bumble bees, and stingless bees have been demonstrated through conditioning experiments using odor as a conditioned stimulus (CS) and sugar solution as an unconditioned stimulus (US). Social bee conditioning employs the proboscis extension reflex (PER) to elicit an innate response to sucrose solution. However, solitary bees fail to reliably exhibit PER in response to touching antennae or tarsi with sugar solution. Here we employ a newly established, conditioning protocol for unrestrained solitary bees, i.e., the commercially available Osmia lignaria and Megachile rotundata , that allows them to explore a rearing chamber in which training can occur to subsequently reveal the ability to discriminate between an odor associated with sugar-water and a different odor associated with no reward, using three different odor pairings. No innate preference for any trial odor was found for either species. Osmia lignaria females and males clearly showed the ability to discriminate between odors after conditioning; M. rotundata adults demonstrated discrimination learning in only one set of odor pairings. Laboratory assays to condition solitary bees to not only associate odor with reward but to also discriminate between odors could support studies that address bee behavior and motivation, bee floral specialization or flower constancy, and sublethal effects of environmental stressors on bee performance. The discrepancy we found in species responses highlights the need for comparative studies, because there is no one-size-fits-all protocol for examining cognitive and learning abilities of the many species of bees whose life histories and experiences influence their behavior.
Invasive alien species have had a ubiquitous and escalating negative impact on native species and ecosystems over the last decade. Few areas appear to be invulnerable to invasions, some of which occur over decades or centuries as those species spread gradually across the landscape. The current work does a bibliometric review of invasive insects’ research that has been done all around the world. With greater growing season temperatures and changed rainfall patterns, controlling native and exotic insects is getting more challenging as the climate changes, creating an increasing danger. Focus has been placed on invasive pest control and its effects in various nations. According to the data, China looks to be strong in terms of publication output in the field of invasive pests, but not in terms of citation counts. The number of studies has been growing rapidly over the last three years, which suggests that recent increases in the threat posed by various invasive species have had a significant impact on crops. The scientific community has therefore concentrated more on research effort over the past three years. To determine the implications of research findings in reducing the hazards posed by invasive pests, more thorough analysis is required in near future.
In parallel with the fast growth of the second-hand aviation market, the importance of promoting remanufacturing analytics has increased. However, end-of-life (EoL) aircraft parts remanufacturing operations are still underdeveloped. Disassembly, the most challenging and central activity in remanufacturing, directly affects the EoL product recovery’s profitability and sustainability. Disassembly sequence planning (DSP) devises ordered and purposeful parting for all potentially recoverable components before physical separations. However, the complexities and uncertainties of the EoL conditions engender unpredictable DSP decision inputs. The EoL DSP needs emergent evidence of cost-effective solutions in view of Industry 4.0 (I4.0) implications and stakeholders’ benefits. Among the I4.0 technologies, X-reality (XR) particularly hits the mainstream as a cognitive and visual tool consisting of virtual reality, augmented reality, and mixed reality. Recently, with the advance of I4.0 phenomenon, lean management has been theorized and tested through complementary collaboration. Since the research of integrating lean and XR into the EoL DSP is underexplored in literature, XR and lean are investigated as assistive enablers in the DSP. This study has a two-fold purpose: (1) identifying the key concepts of DSP, I4.0, XR, and lean, and extending the literature by reviewing the previous efforts of EoL aircraft remanufacturing, XR-assisted DSP, and XR–lean applications; (2) proposing “Smart Disassembly Sequence Planning (SDSP)” as a new EoL decision-support agenda after analyzing relational advantages and evolving adaptability. The barriers and limitations are highlighted from the recent associated topics, concrete academic information for developing digitalized disassembly analytics is provided, and new trends are added for future disassembly research.
This study examines the dynamic impact of face mask use on both infected cases and fatalities at a global scale by using a rich set of panel data econometrics. An increase of 100% of the proportion of people declaring wearing a mask (multiply by two) over the studied period lead to a reduction of around 12 and 13.5% of the number of Covid-19 infected cases (per capita) after 7 and 14 days respectively. The delay of action varies from around 7 days to 28 days concerning infected cases but is more longer concerning fatalities. Our results hold when using the rigorous controlling approach. We also document the increasing adoption of mask use over time and the drivers of mask adoption. In addition, population density and pollution levels are significant determinants of heterogeneity regarding mask adoption across countries, while altruism, trust in government and demographics are not. However, individualism index is negatively correlated with mask adoption. Finally, strict government policies against Covid-19 have a strong significant effect on mask use.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) symbioses in plants are broadly significant because of their capacity to facilitate water and nutrient acquisition and thus, to promote vigorous growth and development among host plants. Many horticultural plants, especially citrus plants, are highly dependent on AM fungi. In return, AM fungi receive sugars and lipids from their host plants. The sugars (mainly sucrose) are transported from the aerial parts of host plants to the roots and thus, form a mycorrhizal carbon pool. In roots, sucrose is converted to hexoses, which are then taken up by AM fungal intraradical hyphae and converted to trehalose and glycogen for growth and storage in extraradical hyphae and potentially participate in the soil carbon cycle through as the glomalin-related soil proteins. Therefore, the root mycorrhizal carbon pool influences the sugar (mainly sucrose) metabolism of plants, providing a guarantee for mycorrhizal plants to maintain better plant growth, stress resistance, fruit quality, lateral root development, and soil carbon sequestration. Thus, sugar metabolism is a player in the dialog between AM fungi and plants. This review briefly summarizes the processes of sucrose synthesis, transport, and metabolism, and highlights the relationship between AM fungi and plant sugars with an emphasis on AM-carbon pools, osmotic adjustment, fruit quality, and sugar-associated gene expression. Future research prospects are discussed.
Many prostate cancer health applications are available on the software market. The main software solutions focus on helping patients cope with prostate cancer, helping urologists manage medical records and helping radiologists interpret multi-parametric magnetic resonance imaging. Some of these applications for prostate cancer make use of artificial intelligence. It is believed that artificial intelligence will play a key role in facilitating the clinical practice of health professionals and providing psychological support to patients. This study aims to assess the quality of commercially available applications for prostate cancer management.
This study describes a computationally efficient algorithm for 4-class sleep staging based on cardiac activity and body movements. Using an accelerometer to calculate gross body movements and a reflective photoplethysmographic (PPG) sensor to determine interbeat intervals and a corresponding instantaneous heart rate signal, a neural network was trained to classify between wake, combined N1 and N2, N3 and REM sleep in epochs of 30 s. The classifier was validated on a hold-out set by comparing the output against manually scored sleep stages based on polysomnography (PSG). In addition, the execution time was compared with that of a previously developed heart rate variability (HRV) feature-based sleep staging algorithm. With a median epoch-per-epoch κ of 0.638 and accuracy of 77.8% the algorithm achieved an equivalent performance when compared to the previously developed HRV-based approach, but with a 50-times faster execution time. This shows how a neural network, without leveraging any a priori knowledge of the domain, can automatically “discover” a suitable mapping between cardiac activity and body movements, and sleep stages, even in patients with different sleep pathologies. In addition to the high performance, the reduced complexity of the algorithm makes practical implementation feasible, opening up new avenues in sleep diagnostics.
Obesity is characterized by the accumulation of adipose tissue in different body compartments. Whether adipose tissue directly affects kidney function is still unknown. We aimed to investigate the role of the adipose tissue and circulating creatinine, cystatin C and kidney function in subjects free of cardio-renal diseases. In the KORA-MRI population-based study, 377 subjects (mean age 56.2 ± 9.2 years; 41.6% female) underwent whole-body 3T-MRI examination. Adipose tissue defined as visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) were quantified from T1-DIXON sequence using a semi-automatic algorithm. Serum creatinine and cystatin C were measured using standard laboratory and estimated glomerular filtration rate (e-GFR) was performed based on creatinine (e-GFR_crea), cystatin C (e-GFR_cys) and creatinine-cystatin C (e-GFR_cc). Linear regression analysis, adjusted for risk factors, was used to investigate the relationship between adipose tissue and circulating creatinine, cystatin C, and kidney function. In multivariate analyses VAT was inversely associated with eGFR_cys (ß = − 4.88, p  =  < 0.001), and positively associated with serum cystatin C (ß = 0.05, p  =  < 0.001), respectively. No association was found between other adipose parameters such as total adipose tissue (TAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and serum creatinine, urine microalbumin and eGFR_crea. Stratified analyses according to BMI revealed confirmatory results for category of BMI > 30. VAT is positively associated with serum cystatin C and inversely with eGFR based on cystatin C, suggesting a direct involvement of visceral adipose tissue in increased metabolism of cystatin C and consequently decreased kidney function.
Most fruits and vegetables are susceptible to spoilage after harvest, the transportation and preservation conditions can further decrease the product quality. As one of the main food preservation technologies, edible films/coatings are made of eatable materials to form thin layers that can maintain food freshness during transport and storage. This review summarizes different films/coating materials, including proteins (soy, whey, wheat gluten, gelatin), polysaccharides (chitosan, starch, cellulose) and lipids. However, the films/coatings prepared by single material have many deficiencies which can be made up by the combination of composite films/coatings. Moreover, several prepared methods (electrospinning, casting, extrusion, dipping, fluidized-bed, spraying, panning) used for films/coatings are introduced. Finally, the application and future directions of films/coatings in the preservation of fruits, vegetables and other food products are also presented. Graphical Abstract 
In the 1940s, Gilbert Ryle argued that knowing how to do something is not just a matter of being well-regulated but also a matter of self-regulation. Ryle appears to have thought that know-how requires self-regulation in both a backward-looking and forward-looking sense, but both ideas run counter to ordinary intuitions about know-how. The basic idea behind self-regulation, undertaking trials and adjusting to feedback, is captured by the “law of effect.” Daniel Dennett has argued that the “law of effect will not go away”. After updating Dennett’s “Tower of Generate-and-Test” through a broad survey of the empirical literature on learning, I identify a Rylean intuition about intelligence and argue that self-regulation in a forward-looking sense is necessary for know-how.
Background This systematic review aimed to synthesize the prevalence and correlates of depressive disorders and symptoms of Turkish and Moroccan immigrant populations in Northwestern Europe, formulating evidence-informed recommendations for clinical practice. Methods We conducted a systematic search in PsycINFO, MEDLINE, Science Direct, Web of Knowledge, and Cochrane databases for records up to March 2021. Peer-reviewed studies on adult populations that included instruments assessing prevalence and/or correlates of depression in Turkish and Moroccan immigrant populations met inclusion criteria and were assessed in terms of methodological quality. The review followed the relevant sections of the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses reporting (PRISMA) guideline. Results We identified 51 relevant studies of observational design. Prevalence of depression was consistently higher among people who had an immigrant background, compared to those who did not. This difference seemed to be more pronounced for Turkish immigrants (especially older adults, women, and outpatients with psychosomatic complaints). Ethnicity and ethnic discrimination were identified as salient, positive, independent correlates of depressive psychopathology. Acculturation strategy (high maintenance) was related to higher depressive psychopathology in Turkish groups, while religiousness appeared protective in Moroccan groups. Current research gaps concern psychological correlates, second- and third-generation populations, and sexual and gender minorities. Conclusion Compared to native-born populations, Turkish immigrants consistently showed the highest prevalence of depressive disorder, while Moroccan immigrants showed similar to rather moderately elevated rates. Ethnic discrimination and acculturation were more often related to depressive symptomatology than socio-demographic correlates. Ethnicity seems to be a salient, independent correlate of depression among Turkish and Moroccan immigrant populations in Northwestern Europe.
Terminalia chebula , commonly known as black myrobalan, ink tree and Chebulic myrobalan is a deciduous tree belonging to the family Combretaceae. It is native to the tropical region with the highest occurrence in the South East Asian regions. The plant exhibits a wide spectrum of biological activity due to its phytochemicals such as polyphenols, flavonoids, terpenes, anthocyanins and glycosides. The fruit of T. chebula has been used in several traditional medicinal practices such as Ayurveda, Unani and Siddha for the treatment of different diseases and ailments including chronic diarrhoea, gastroenteritis, constipation, asthma, ulcer, haemorrhoids, cold and cough. The plant has been well reported in the current literature to possess anti-oxidant, anti-bacterial, anti-arthritic, anti-cancerous, anti-diabetic, anti-viral, anti-bacterial, hypo-cholesterolemic, anti-plasmodial, antinociceptive, antiulcerogenic and anti-spermatogenic properties. However, comprehensive reviews on the broad spectrum of bioactivity of this plant are limited in literature. Therefore, this review was designed to critically analyse and summarise the current ethno-medicinal and pharmacological evidence on T. chebula. Owing to its bioactivity, T. chebula possesses great potential to include in modern drug discovery. However, further pre-clinical and clinical studies are warranted for its prospective pharmaceutical applications.
Background The first attempt to implement a new tool or practice does not always lead to the desired outcome. Re-implementation, which we define as the systematic process of reintroducing an intervention in the same environment, often with some degree of modification, offers another chance at implementation with the opportunity to address failures, modify, and ultimately achieve the desired outcomes. This article proposes a definition and taxonomy for re-implementation informed by case examples in the literature. Main body We conducted a scoping review of the literature for cases that describe re-implementation in concept or practice. We used an iterative process to identify our search terms, pilot testing synonyms or phrases related to re-implementation. We searched PubMed and CINAHL, including articles that described implementing an intervention in the same environment where it had already been implemented. We excluded articles that were policy-focused or described incremental changes as part of a rapid learning cycle, efforts to spread, or a stalled implementation. We assessed for commonalities among cases and conducted a thematic analysis on the circumstance in which re-implementation occurred. A total of 15 articles representing 11 distinct cases met our inclusion criteria. We identified three types of circumstances where re-implementation occurs: (1) failed implementation, where the intervention is appropriate, but the implementation process is ineffective, failing to result in the intended changes; (2) flawed intervention, where modifications to the intervention itself are required either because the tool or process is ineffective or requires tailoring to the needs and/or context of the setting where it is used; and (3) unsustained intervention, where the initially successful implementation of an intervention fails to be sustained. These three circumstances often co-exist; however, there are unique considerations and strategies for each type that can be applied to re-implementation. Conclusions Re-implementation occurs in implementation practice but has not been consistently labeled or described in the literature. Defining and describing re-implementation offers a framework for implementation practitioners embarking on a re-implementation effort and a starting point for further research to bridge the gap between practice and science into this unexplored part of implementation.
Der Artikel geht davon aus, dass die digitale Transformation mit gesellschaftlichen Veränderungen einhergeht, die eine grundlegende Überarbeitung soziologischer Theoriebestände erfordern. Dazu macht der Text mit der Theorie algorithmischer Sozialität (TaS) ein Angebot. Diese Theorie soll (1.) neue (post-)soziale Beziehungen konzeptuell in den Blick nehmen, die im Prozess der digitalen Transformation entstanden sind; und diese mit anderen in der Soziologie etablierten Arten sozialer Beziehungen (intersubjektive, interobjektive Beziehungen etc.) in einen theorie-systematischen Zusammenhang bringen. Dabei soll die Digitalisierung nicht als eine vereinheitlichende (oder sogar vereinfachende) Bewegung verstanden werden, sondern (2.) als ein Prozess, in dem sowohl die Beziehungsformen als auch die Elemente in diesen Beziehungen vielfältiger und heterogener werden. (3.) werden die Individuen bzw. Elemente (menschliche Subjekte, algorithmische Objekte etc.), die in diesen Beziehungen und Prozessen eine Rolle spielen, typologisch kartographiert. Zur Konzeptualisierung der Verhältnisse und Prozesse zwischen den Individuen und Elementen verwende ich Gilbert Simondons Konzept der Disparation ; zur Beschreibung der neuen (post)-sozialen Beziehungen schlage ich den Begriff der algorithmischen Sozialität vor. The digital transformation of the past decade has been accompanied by social changes that require a fundamental revision of sociological theories. To this end, the article proposes a theory of algorithmic sociality (TaS). This theory aims to (1.) conceptualize new (post-)social relations that have emerged in the process of digital transformation and add them to other types of social relations prevalent in sociology, such as intersubjective and interobjective relations. In doing so, digitalization will not be understood as a unifying (or perhaps even simplifying) movement, but (2.) as a process in which both the forms of relationships and the individuals in these relationships become more diverse and heterogeneous. (3.) the individuals or elements (human subjects, algorithmic objects, etc.) that play a role in these relations and processes are typologically mapped. To conceptualize the relations and processes between the individuals and such elements, I use Gilbert Simondon’s concept of disparity ( disparation ). To describe these new (post)-social relations, I propose the notion of algorithmic sociality .
Mitochondrial dysfunction is linked to age-associated inflammation or inflammaging, but underlying mechanisms are not understood. Analyses of 700 human blood transcriptomes revealed clear signs of age-associated low-grade inflammation. Among changes in mitochondrial components, we found that the expression of mitochondrial calcium uniporter ( MCU ) and its regulatory subunit MICU1 , genes central to mitochondrial Ca^2+ (mCa^2+) signaling, correlated inversely with age. Indeed, mCa^2+ uptake capacity of mouse macrophages decreased significantly with age. We show that in both human and mouse macrophages, reduced mCa^2+ uptake amplifies cytosolic Ca^2+ oscillations and potentiates downstream nuclear factor kappa B activation, which is central to inflammation. Our findings pinpoint the mitochondrial calcium uniporter complex as a keystone molecular apparatus that links age-related changes in mitochondrial physiology to systemic macrophage-mediated age-associated inflammation. The findings raise the exciting possibility that restoring mCa^2+ uptake capacity in tissue-resident macrophages may decrease inflammaging of specific organs and alleviate age-associated conditions such as neurodegenerative and cardiometabolic diseases. Seegren et al. demonstrate that the mitochondrial calcium uptake complex is a key molecular apparatus that links age-related changes in mitochondrial physiology to systemic macrophage-mediated age-associated inflammation.
That the speed of light in vacuum is constant is a cornerstone of modern physics. However, recent experiments have shown that when the light field is confined in the transverse plane, the observed propagation speed of the light is reduced. This effect is a consequence of the transverse structure which reduces the component of wavevector of the light in the direction of propagation, thereby modifying both the phase and group velocity. Here, we consider the case of optical speckle, which has a random transverse distribution and is ubiquitous with scales ranging from the microscopic to the astronomical. We numerically investigate the plane-to-plane propagation speed of the optical speckle by using the method of angular spectrum analysis. For a general diffuser with Gaussian scattering over an angular range of 5°, we calculate the slowing of the propagation speed of the optical speckle to be on the order of 1% of the free-space speed, resulting in a significantly higher temporal delay compared to the Bessel and Laguerre–Gaussian beams considered previously. Our results have implications for studying optical speckle in both laboratory and astronomical settings.
Trypanosoma cruzi has a complex life cycle consisting of four morphological and distinct biological stages. Although some authors suggest that T. cruzi primarily follows clonal reproduction, recent genomic and transcriptomic studies indicate an unorthodox capacity for recombination. We aimed to estimate the differential gene expression of 10 meiosis/homologous recombination-related genes during the T. cruzi life cycle, including epimastigotes, under two different types of stress (oxidative stress and pH changes). We performed RT-qPCR tests using novel-designed primers to estimate the differential gene expression (∆Ct and ∆∆Ct) of nine genes (SPO11, HAP2, RAD50, MRN complex, BRCA2, DMC1, MND1, and RPA1) and RAD51, which was previously reported. Our results show basal expression of all genes during the life cycle, indicating their hypothetical role in several cellular processes but with specific signatures of differential gene expression during the life cycle (HAP2, RPA, RAD50, BRCA2, MND1, and DMC1) and oxidative stress (RPA, MRE11, NBS1, BRCA2, MND1, and RAD51). Additionally, we found that the MRN complex has an independent level of expression in T. cruzi , with profiles of MRE11 and NBS1 upregulated in some stages. Recent studies on other trypanosomatids have highlighted the influence of HAP2 and RPA in recombination and hybridization. If T. cruzi uses the same repertoire of genes, our findings could suggest that metacyclogenesis may be the putative step that the parasite uses to undergo recombination. Likewise, our study reveals the differential profiles of genes expressed in response to oxidative and pH stress. Further studies are necessary to confirm our findings and understand the recombination mechanism in T. cruzi .
Optical singularities are typically 1D structures like vortices. This study used metasurfaces to position ten identical point singularities with tight confinement. This could miniaturize optical systems for super-resolution microscopy and dark traps. Phase singularities are loci of darkness surrounded by monochromatic light in a scalar field, with applications in optical trapping, super-resolution imaging, and structured light-matter interactions. Although 1D singular structures, like optical vortices, are common due to their robust topological properties, uncommon 0D (point) and 2D (sheet) singularities can be generated by wavefront-shaping devices like metasurfaces. With the design flexibility of metasurfaces, we deterministically position ten identical point singularities using a single illumination source. The phasefront is inverse-designed using phase-gradient maximization with an automatically-differentiable propagator and produces tight longitudinal intensity confinement. The array is experimentally realized with a TiO_2 metasurface. One possible application is blue-detuned neutral atom trap arrays, for which this field would enforce 3D confinement and a potential depth around 0.22 mK per watt of incident laser power. We show that metasurface-enabled point singularity engineering may significantly simplify and miniaturize the optical architecture for super-resolution microscopes and dark traps.
Dietary nutrients and the gut microbiota are increasingly recognized to cross-regulate and entrain each other, and thus affect host health and immune-mediated diseases. Here, we systematically review the current understanding linking dietary nutrients to gut microbiota-host immune interactions, emphasizing how this axis might influence host immunity in health and diseases. Of relevance, we highlight that the implications of gut microbiota-targeted dietary intervention could be harnessed in orchestrating a spectrum of immune-associated diseases.
Background Asthma, allergic rhinitis, acute dermatitis, allergic skin reactions, hypersensitivity reactions and other autoimmune illnesses remain difficult to treat. The purpose of this study was to prepare Skimmia anquetilia (SA) extracts and test their antiallergenic characteristics in various types of animal models. A total of nine groups of five animals each were used in this investigation. Ovalbumin (OA) was used as an allergen to sensitise the animals and bring about atopic dermatitis, allergic rhinitis, paw oedema and mast cell degranulation. Doses of 100, 200 and 400 mg/kg/day of essential oil and hydroalcoholic extracts were administered to the animals for testing. Results Gas chromatography–mass spectrometry (GC-MS) analysis identified active constituents including α‑pinene, α‑phellandrene, geijerene, 3‑carene, β‑ocimene and others. SA extract treatment resulted in improved overall health and reduced nasal allergy symptoms such rubbing, sneezing and redness. Essential oil from the SA plant reduced eosinophil infiltration into bronchioalveolar fluid. The platelet and mean platelet volumes returned to normal after treatment with SA essential oil and hydroalcoholic extract. When administered, SA completely counteracted the spleen-enlargement effects of ovalbumin. Inhibition of ovalbumin-induced histopathological alterations in skin, lungs and spleen was achieved with administration of SA essential oil and extract. Conclusion This study concludes that the essential oil of SA has better promising results compared to extract for treating atopic dermatitis, allergic rhinitis, stabilising mast cell membranes, preventing entry of eosinophils into the lungs and maintaining skin, spleen and lung architecture. The authors suggest that further work is required to be done to isolate SA’s active ingredients and assess their detailed mechanism of action.
The nature of energy dissipation in 2D superconductors under perpendicular magnetic field at small current excitations has been extensively studied over the past two decades. However, dissipation mechanisms at high current drives remain largely unexplored. Here we report on the distinct behavior of energy dissipation in the AlO_x/KTaO_3 (111) system hosting 2D superconductivity in the intermediate disorder regime. The results show that below the Berezinskii Kosterlitz Thouless (BKT) phase transition temperature ( T _BKT), hot-spots and Larkin Ovchinnikov type flux-flow instability (FFI) are the major channels of dissipation, leading to pronounced voltage instability at large currents. Furthermore, such FFI leads to a rare observation of clockwise hysteresis in current-voltage characteristics within the temperature range T _BKT <  T  <  T _C ( T _C is superconducting transition temperature). These findings deepen our understanding of how a BKT system ultimately transforms to a normal state under increasing current. Nature of energy dissipation processes in two dimensional superconductors at high current drives remain largely unexplored. In this study, the authors investigate this for an interfacial superconductor and find distinct behaviours across the Berezinskii Kosterlitz Thouless phase transition.
Background This study aimed to accurately evaluate the matching of proximal and distal femoral segments and fitting of the femur–femoral stem in patients with Crowe type IV developmental dysplasia of the hip (DDH) who have undergone subtrochanteric osteotomy at different locations with an implanted Wagner cone stem to improve the rate of the bone union at the osteotomy site. Methods Three-dimensional femur morphology of 40 patients with Crowe type IV DDH was evaluated at each cross-section to determine the femoral cortical bone area. This study focused on five osteotomy lengths (2.5, 3, 3.5, 4, and 4.5 cm). The overlapped area between the proximal and distal cortical bone segments was defined as the contact area ( S , mm^2), and the contact area to distal cortical bone area ratio was defined as the coincidence rate ( R ). Three indicators were used to evaluate the matching and fitting of the osteotomy sites with the implanted Wagner cone stems: (1) higher S and R between the proximal and distal segments; (2) the effective fixation length of the femoral stem at the distal segments being at least 1.5 cm; and (3) osteotomy did not involve the isthmus. Results In all groups, S significantly decreased in the two proximal levels above the 0.5 cm level below the lesser trochanter (LT) compared with those below this level. In comparison, at osteotomy lengths from 2.5 to 4 cm, R significantly decreased in the three proximal levels. The optimal osteotomy levels ranged from 1.5 and 2.5 cm below the LT for an appropriately sized stem. Conclusions Subtrochanteric osteotomy at the optimal level not only ensures fitting of the femur–femoral stem but also meets the requirements of a higher S and R to ensure adequate reduction and stabilization at the osteotomy site, which may contribute to the bone union. Although the optimal osteotomy level varies with the size of the femoral stem and the length of the subtrochanteric osteotomy, the optimal osteotomy levels for an appropriately sized Wagner cone femoral stem implantation range from 1.5 to 2.5 cm below the LT.
Seasonally inundated wetlands are threatened ecosystems worldwide and increasingly important targets for wetland restoration programs. However, restoring such ecosystems is difficult, as it requires mimicking the historical shifts between dry and flooded states. In this study, we evaluate the responses of agriculturally impacted seasonal wetlands to pasture-scale hydrological restoration. We selected 15 seasonal wetlands in central Florida (10 within restoration easements and five in unrestored pastures) and excluded cattle from five of the restored wetlands. We monitored each wetland from 2011 to 2016 to document potential changes in water levels, plant species richness, beta diversity, floristic quality, and cover of obligate wetland species. Vegetation responses to restoration were gradual and subtle, becoming detectable only five years following restoration. By 2016, restored wetlands had significantly lower cover of facultative upland species and higher cover of obligate wetland species. Species richness was higher in unrestored wetlands due to the presence of many facultative upland species. Beta diversity within wetlands and floristic quality based on coefficient of conservatism were not affected by restoration. We did not find strong effects of cattle exclusion on post-restoration diversity metrics, but we observed a large increase in the native grass, Panicum hemitomon Schult. This study showed mixed outcomes when measured against the goals of restoring wetland communities. It also highlighted the need for more active restoration approaches to regain historical communities or promote target species ( e.g. Coleataenia abscissa (Swallen) LeBlond). We emphasize the need for costly restoration activities to be coupled with long-term monitoring to assess success.
Consciousness arises from the spatiotemporal neural dynamics, however, its relationship with neural flexibility and regional specialization remains elusive. We identified a consciousness-related signature marked by shifting spontaneous fluctuations along a unimodal-transmodal cortical axis. This simple signature is sensitive to altered states of consciousness in single individuals, exhibiting abnormal elevation under psychedelics and in psychosis. The hierarchical dynamic reflects brain state changes in global integration and connectome diversity under task-free conditions. Quasi-periodic pattern detection revealed that hierarchical heterogeneity as spatiotemporally propagating waves linking to arousal. A similar pattern can be observed in macaque electrocorticography. Furthermore, the spatial distribution of principal cortical gradient preferentially recapitulated the genetic transcription levels of the histaminergic system and that of the functional connectome mapping of the tuberomammillary nucleus, which promotes wakefulness. Combining behavioral, neuroimaging, electrophysiological, and transcriptomic evidence, we propose that global consciousness is supported by efficient hierarchical processing constrained along a low-dimensional macroscale gradient. The neuroanatomical basis of consciousness is not fully understood. Here the authors show that a global state of consciousness might not depend on a specific brain region or location in Euclidean space; rather, it is linked to a low-dimensional dynamic pattern in topological space, as shown through the analysis of different experimental paradigms, imaging techniques, and species.
Context Tropical forests in mainland Southeast (MSEA) have important conservation values and provide critical ecosystem functioning and services. With climate change and increasing anthropogenic activities, these forests can be lost to other land use types or degraded. Objectives We aim to understand how these forests have changed under the context of MSEA’s rapidly changing physical and socioeconomic environments in recent decades. Methods We employed satellite-derived tree cover products, primarily the MODIS-based Vegetation continuous field (VCF) data, to investigate changes in forest cover with a focus on potential forest degradation to savannah since 2000 for the four MSEA countries, i.e., Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam. Results We found an overall increasing trend of savannah (defined as places with tree cover between 10 and 55%) during the period 2000–2020. However, the sources of the increased savannah area differed significantly between 2000–2009 and 2009–2020: In the earlier decade, the positive trend of the savannah area was primarily attributed to tree regeneration from grasslands; while during the more recent decade, the degradation (savannization) of forests was the major cause. Fire disturbance primarily controlled interannual variation in tree cover for the savannah gain during the period of 2000–2009, while high atmospheric water demand drove the degradation of forests during the period of 2010–2020. Conclusions Our analysis sheds light on the understanding of changing forest landscapes in a globally important region of tropical forests, which is critical for informing land management and tropical forest protection.
Newcastle disease (ND), caused by the Newcastle disease virus (NDV), is a highly virulent infectious disease of poultry. Virulent NDV can cause severe autophagy and inflammation in host cells. While studies have shown a mutual regulatory relationship between autophagy and inflammation, this relationship in NDV infection remains unclear. This study confirmed that NDV infection could trigger autophagy in DF-1 cells to promote cytopathic and viral replication. NDV-induced autophagy was positively correlated with the mRNA levels of inflammatory cytokines such as IL-1β, IL-8, IL-18, CCL-5, and TNF-α, suggesting that NDV-induced autophagy promotes the expression of inflammatory cytokines. Further investigation demonstrated that NLRP3 protein expression, Caspase-1 activity, and p38 phosphorylation level positively correlated with autophagy, suggesting that NDV-induced autophagy could promote the expression of inflammatory cytokines through NLRP3/Caspase-1 inflammasomes and p38/MAPK pathway. In addition, NDV infection also triggered mitochondrial damage and mitophagy in DF-1 cells, but did not result in a large leakage of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA), indicating that mitochondrial damage and mitophagy do not contribute to the inflammation response during NDV infection.
Warming driven by the accumulation of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere is irreversible over at least the next century, unless practical technologies are rapidly developed and deployed at scale to remove and sequester carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. Accepting this reality highlights the central importance for crop agriculture to develop adaptation strategies for a warmer future. While nearly all processes in plants are impacted by above optimum temperatures, the impact of heat stress on photosynthetic processes stand out for their centrality. Here, we review transgenic strategies that show promise in improving the high-temperature tolerance of specific subprocesses of photosynthesis and in some cases have already been shown in proof of concept in field experiments to protect yield from high temperature-induced losses. We also highlight other manipulations to photosynthetic processes for which full proof of concept is still lacking but we contend warrant further attention. Warming that has already occurred over the past several decades has had detrimental impacts on crop production in many parts of the world. Declining productivity presages a rapidly developing global crisis in food security particularly in low income countries. Transgenic manipulation of photosynthesis to engineer greater high-temperature resilience holds encouraging promise to help meet this challenge.
Immiscibility between water and hydrogen-rich fluids may be responsible for the formation of super-reduced mineral assemblages and for the early oxidation of Earth´s upper mantle. In the current study, we present new data on the critical curve in the H_2-H_2O system to 1400 ℃ and 4 GPa. We utilized a synthetic fluid inclusion method to trap fluids at high P–T conditions within quartz and olivine crystals. Experiments were performed in a piston-cylinder type apparatus, employing a double-capsule technique. The inner capsule contained the crystal and fluids of interest, while the outer served as oxygen fugacity buffer, maintaining f(O _ 2 ) at the iron-wüstite (Fe-FeO) equilibrium. Our results suggest that below ~ 2.5 GPa, the critical curve has a mostly linear slope of 200 ℃/GPa, while at more elevated pressure it becomes significantly steeper (400 ℃/GPa). This implies that in most of the modern, reduced upper mantle, water and hydrogen are immiscible, while localized heating events, such as rising plumes, may close the miscibility gap. The steep increase of the critical curve at high pressure observed in this study implies that even for very hot geotherms in the early Archean or the late Hadean, H_2-H_2O immiscibility likely occurred in the deeper parts of the upper mantle, thus making a plausible case for rapid H_2 loss as a mechanism of early mantle oxidation. To constrain the geochemical fingerprint of this process, we performed a series of element partitioning experiments to unravel how the H_2-H_2O unmixing may affect element transfer. Noble gases such as Xe as well as methane are preferentially incorporated in the hydrogen-rich phase, with a Xe_H2O/Xe_H2 ratio of ~ 8. This partitioning pattern may, for example, explain the underabundance of Xe isotopes produced by fission of Pu in the mantle. These Xe isotopes may have been removed by a primordial H_2-H_2O unmixing event during the early stages of planetary evolution.
The effects of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) in patients with heart failure (HF) remain controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to examine the efficacy of HIIT versus moderate-intensity continuous aerobic training (MCT) on exercise tolerance in patients with HF. We searched for studies published up to 4 March 2022 in Embase, MEDLINE, PubMed, and the Cochrane Library with no limitations on data, language, or publication status. We included randomized controlled trials comparing the efficacy of HIIT and MCT on peak oxygen uptake (VO_2), as a measure of exercise tolerance. We pooled the data on peak VO_2, compared HIIT to MCT, and conducted a sub-analysis if there was heterogeneity in the result. We identified 15 randomized controlled trials with 557 patients. Our meta-analysis showed that participants who underwent HIIT achieved a significantly higher peak VO_2 than those who underwent MCT (mean difference 1.46 ml/kg/min, 95% confidence interval 0.39 to 2.53; participants = 557; studies = 15; I ^2 = 65.7%; very low-quality evidence). The meta-regression analysis, conducted as a sub-analysis to explore possible causes of heterogeneity, revealed that the difference in peak VO_2 between HIIT and MCT was inversely associated with body mass index ( r  =  − 0.508, p  = 0.028, 95% confidence interval − 0.95 to − 0.07). Our systematic review showed that HIIT achieved a higher peak VO_2 than MCT in patients with HF. In addition, HIIT may be more effective in improving exercise tolerance in patients with low body mass index.
Retinoblastoma (RB) is an intraocular malignancy that is most common in children and rare in adults. Addressing novel biomarkers and therapeutic targets for RB to modulate tumor progression has become a challenge. The aim of the present study was to investigate the function of long non-coding RNAs (LncRNAs) LOXL1-AS1 in RB cell proliferation and metastasis. It was found that LOXL1-AS1 was overexpressed in RB tissues and cells. In order to evaluate cell viability and colony formation potential, the knockdown of LOXL1-AS1 has been established. Knockdown of LOXL1-AS1 was also inhibited cells migration and invasion. In addition, the proportion of cells in the G2/M phase of the sh-LOXL1-AS1 group increased significantly, and the proportion of cells in the sh-NC group decreased significantly. In the xenograft model of RB, the tumors in the sh-LOXL1-AS1 group grow slowly compared to the sh-NC group. Western blot analysis revealed that LOXL1-AS1 can regulate the progression of RB cells through MAPK signaling pathway in vitro and in vivo. These results indicated that LncRNA LOXL1-AS1 promotes proliferation, invasion and inhibits apoptosis of retinoblastoma by regulating MAPK signaling pathway, and might be expected to be a novel basis for clinical diagnosis and treatment.
Pancreatic cancer has one of the worst prognoses in the world, which suggests that the tumor microenvironment, which is characterized by hypoxia and immunosuppression, plays a significant role in the prognosis and progression of pancreatic cancer. We identified PLAU, LDHA, and PKM as key genes involved in pancreatic cancer hypoxia through GO/KEGG enrichment related hypoxia pathways and cox regression, established prognostic models, and studied their relationship to immune invasion through bioinformatics using R and related online databases. We verified the high expression of PLAU, LDHA, and PKM in pancreatic cancer cells using qPCR in vitro, and we also discovered that the expression of PLAU, LDHA, and PKM in hypoxic pancreatic cancer cells differed from that in normal cultured pancreatic cancer cells. Finally, we discovered that our prognostic model accurately predicted postrain in pancreatic cancer patients with hypoxia and immune infiltration.
Purpose of Review There is enormous enthusiasm for the possibility of pharmacotherapies to treat language deficits that can arise after stroke. Speech language therapy remains the most frequently utilized and most strongly evidenced treatment, but the numerous barriers to patients receiving the therapy necessary to recover have motivated the creation of a relatively modest, yet highly cited, body of evidence to support the use of pharmacotherapy to treat post-stroke aphasia directly or to augment traditional post-stroke aphasia treatment. In this review, we survey the use of pharmacotherapy to preserve and support language and cognition in the context of stroke across phases of care, discuss key ongoing clinical trials, and identify targets that may become emerging interventions in the future. Recent Findings Recent trials have shifted focus from short periods of drug therapy supporting therapy in the chronic phase to longer terms approaching pharmacological maintenance beginning more acutely. Recent innovations in hyperacute stroke care, such as tenecteplase, and acute initiation of neuroprotective agents and serotonin reuptake inhibitors are important areas of ongoing research that complement the ongoing search for effective adjuvants to later therapy. Summary Currently there are no drugs approved in the United States for the treatment of aphasia. Nevertheless, pharmacological intervention may provide a benefit to all phases of stroke care.
Objective Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a common medical problem with numerous comorbidities and high costs. Since the introduction of the Epworth sleepiness scale (ESS), excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) has been considered the most common and prominent symptom of OSA. Aim of this study was to re-evaluate the ESS for detection of OSA in a population at risk compared to the gold standard overnight polysomnography (PSG). Methods A total of 266 patients (mean age 57.9 ± 11.6 years; 189 men and 77 women), referred to our sleep laboratory for probable OSA, were given ESS followed by an overnight PSG. The ESS values were compared to PSG apnea hypopnea index (AHI) with sensitivity (SE), specificity (SP), positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV) and diagnostic accuracy (DA) calculated for ESS. The positive cut-off value for ESS was ≥ 10 and for AHI ≥ 5. Results Only 92 (34.6%) subjects had a positive ESS. An OSA was diagnosed by PSG in 213 (80.1%) subjects: 46 having mild, 37 moderate and 130 severe apnea. Most subjects with positive ESS (88.0%) were found to have OSA but most subjects with a negative ESS (75.9%) were also positive for OSA (42% with AHI ≥ 30). The area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve for ESS was 0.60 (95% confidence interval, CI 0.54–0.66; p  = 0.020) with SE 38.0%, SP 79.3%, PPV 88.0%, NPV 24.1% and DA 46.2%. Conclusion It was found that excessive daytime sleepiness, measured by ESS, is not a valuable screening tool for OSA, especially when the test is negative. Other screening tests t