Recent advances in our understanding of the developmental biology of the kidney, as well as the establishment of novel in vitro model systems, have potential implications for kidney tissue engineering. These advances include delineation of the roles of a number of growth factors in the developmental programs of branching morphogenesis and mesenchymal differentiation, a new understanding of the roles of the extracellular matrix, identification of potential “renal” stem cells, the ex vivo propagation and subsequent recombination of isolated components of the kidney, and successful transplantation of renal primordia into adult hosts. This review will examine these advances in the context of approaches to tissue engineering. Finally, novel approaches that synthesize advances in both cell-based and organ-based approaches are proposed. Isolated rat kidneys perfused with a Krebs-Ringer bicarbonate (KRB) solution containing 1 microM CdCl2 plus 6% substrate-free albumin (SFA) and a mixture of substrates accumulated substantially less cadmium in tissue than kidneys perfused with 1 microM CdCl2 in a protein-free KRB solution containing the same substrates: 11 vs. 205 nmol Cd/g dry wt. Decreasing the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) by occluding the ureters of kidneys perfused in the absence of albumin did not change the rate of net tissue uptake of cadmium (Cd), suggesting that the kidney can extract Cd from the peritubular capillary fluid and that net uptake of Cd is not dependent on the reabsorption of filtered Cd. The tissue accumulation of large quantities of Cd (1.8 mumol Cd/g dry wt), which established levels of non-metallothionein-bound Cd exceeding 1 mumol Cd/g dry wt, caused no changes in either GFR, perfusion flow rate, fractional reabsorption of Na+, fractional reabsorption of K+, fractional reabsorption of glucose, or free-water clearance. However, discrete changes in renal tissue K+ content were observed. Exposure to 1 microM CdCl2 resulted in a net loss of renal tissue K+ in rat kidneys perfused with substrate-enriched KRB containing 6% albumin. Exposure to 0.8 microM or 7 microM CdCl2 completely prevented K+ loss from kidneys perfused with a substrate-enriched, protein-free KRB solution. We have shown increased cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression in rats with kidney failure. Increased angiotensin II concentration, hypertension, and renal mass reduction have been described during development of kidney failure. Thus we explored each of these mechanisms, because any one of them could be responsible for COX-2 induction. Kidney failure increased systolic blood pressure from 104 ± 5 to 138 ± 2 mmHg, urinary PGEfrom 74 ± 17 to 185 ± 25 ng/24 h, and COX-2 expression from 0.06 ± 0.04 to 0.17 ± 0.03 arbitraty units (AU). Treatment of the rats with ramipril or losartan prevented the increase in blood pressure, urinary PGE, and COX-2 expression in the rats with kidney failure. Infusion of angiotensin II increased blood pressure from 101 ± 6 to 132 ± 6 mmHg, urinary PGEexcretion from 62 ± 15 to 155 ± 17 ng/24 h, and COX-2 expression from 0.23 ± 0.01 to 1.6 ± 0.3 AU. When the angiotensin II-infused rats were treated with nitrendipine, blood pressure decreased from 132 ± 6 to 115 ± 2 mmHg, and urinary PGEexcretion decreased from 152 ± 18 to 97 ± 12 ng/24 h, whereas COX-2 expression was 1.6 ± 0.7 and 1.7 ± 0.5 AU for rats with and without nitrendipine. Blood pressure of the rats with renal pole resection was similar to that in sham rats (97 ± 7 and 91 ± 4 mmHg, respectively), whereas COX-2 expression was increased in rats with renal pole resection, from 0.06 ± 0.04 to 0.12 ± 0.03 AU. We suggest that in kidney failure, the increase in angiotensin II concentration regulates COX-2 expression, thereby increasing prostaglandin synthesis, which contributes to the development of kidney failure. We sought to determine in the functioning, substrate-limited, isolated perfused rat kidney whether there is substrate selectivity for maintenance of renal tissue K+ content (mueq/g dry wt). The kidney was perfused for 75 min with 6 g/100 ml substrate-free albumin in Krebs-Ringer bicarbonate (pH approximately 7.4) in the absence of exogenous substrate (control) or in the presence of one substrate (usually 5 mM) chosen from three groups of substrates: 1) substrates of the glycolytic pathway: glucose, fructose, and glycerol; 2) precursors of or substrates of the tricarboxylic acid cycle: citrate (2 mM), alpha-ketoglutarate, succinate, glutamine, glutamate, and acetate; 3) substrates selectively used by the kidney for synthetic work: glycine and inositol. A significant loss of tissue K+ occurred during perfusion in the absence of exogenous substrate (-17%) and also during perfusion with inositol, glycine, acetate, glutamine, or glycerol. No loss of tissue K+ occurred in the presence of fructose, citrate, alpha-ketoglutarate, succinate, or glutamate. Glucose was unique in that at 10 mM, but not at 5 mM, a loss of tissue K+ occurred. We conclude that there is substrate-selective support of renal tissue K+ content, and that those substrates known to enter principally into energy-requiring biosynthetic pathways do not maintain tissue K+ content.  To determine whether the oxidation of long-chain fatty acids (LCFA) derived from renal tissue lipids can support renal function, we perfused isolated rat kidneys with a substrate-free Krebs-Ringer bicarbonate solution containing 6 g/100 ml substrate-free (defatted) albumin. We measured GFR, TNa+, and Qo2 at 7-min intervals from 15 to 99 min after cannulation of the renal artery. Two groups (A and B) of 12 perfusions each were done. During substrate-free perfusion mean %TNa+ was low (A = 45 +/- 2%, B = 62 +/- 5%). When 10(-4) M 2-tetradecylglycidic acid (2-TDGA), a specific and irreversible inhibitor of long-chain acylcarnitine transferase-I, was added to the substrate-free perfusate, significant decreases in %TNa+ (A to approximately 25%; B to approximately 35%) and in Qo2 (delta = -25%) occurred. During perfusion with either 5 mM lactate or 5 mM alpha-ketoglutarate (alpha-KG) %TNa+ increased to approximately 80%. When 2-TDGA was added in the presence of lactate or of alpha-KG no decrease in %TNa+ or Qo2 occurred. Thus, 2-TDGA does not inhibit net renal Na+ transport or O2 uptake in the presence of high concentrations of lactate or alpha-KG, substrates not requiring long-chain acylcarnitine transferase for their utilization. We conclude that oxidation of LCFA released from renal tissue lipids can support a significant portion of Na+ reabsorption. This chapter summarizes the accumulating evidence that incomplete or even apparent complete recovery of renal function after acute kidney injury (AKI) may be an important contributor to a growing number of incident chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) cases, largely in excess of the global growth in CKD prevalence. Evidence based on epidemiologic studies supports the notion that even after adjustment for several important covariates AKI is independently associated with an increased risk for both CKD and ESRD. Several risk factors for the subsequent development of CKD among survivors of AKI have been identified. Besides well-known risk factors for CKD in general, such as hypertension, older age, congestive heart failure, diabetes, and proteinuria, AKIN staging and duration also predict longitudinal CKD development. These characteristics may identify a category of at-risk AKI patients at the time of hospital discharge that will need long follow-up times for appropriate screening and surveillance measures for CKD.Nephrotoxicity is a common side effect of therapeutic interventions, environmental insults, and exposure to toxicants in the workplace. Although biomarkers for nephrotoxicity are available, they often lack sensitivity and are not specific as indicators of epithelial cell injury. Kidney injury molecule-1 (Kim-1) is a type 1 membrane protein with extracellular immunoglobulin and mucin domains. The mRNA and protein for Kim-1 are expressed at very low levels in normal rodent kidney, but expression increases dramatically after injury in proximal tubule epithelial cells in postischemic rodent kidney and in humans during ischemic acute renal failure. To evaluate the utility of Kim-1 as a biomarker for other types of renal injury, we analyzed tissue and urinary expression in response to three different types of nephrotoxicants in the rat: S-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethyl)-l-cysteine (TFEC), folic acid, and cisplatin. Marked increases in Kim-1 expression were confirmed by immunoblotting in all three models. The protein was shown to be localized to the proximal tubule epithelial cell by immunofluorescence. Furthermore, Kim-1 protein was detected in urine of toxicant-treated rats. The temporal pattern of expression in response to TFEC is similar to the Kim-1 expression pattern in the postischemic kidney. In folic acid-treated kidneys, Kim-1 is clearly localized to the apical brush border of the well-differentiated proximal tubular epithelial cells. After folic acid treatment, expression of Kim-1 is present in the urine despite no significant increase in serum creatinine. Cisplatin treatment results in early detection of urinary Kim-1 protein and diffuse Kim-1 expression in S3 cells of the proximal tubule. Kim-1 can be detected in the tissue and urine on days 1 and 2 after cisplatin administration, occurring before an increase in serum creatinine. The upregulation of expression of Kim-1 and its presence in the urine in response to exposure to various types of nephrotoxicants suggest that this protein may serve as a general biomarker for tubular injury and repair processes.Previous studies have suggested that CD133+ cells isolated from human kidney biopsies have the potential to ameliorate injury following intravenous (IV) administration in rodent models of kidney disease by integrating into damaged renal tissue and generating specialized renal cells. However, whether renal engraftment of CD133+ cells is a prerequisite for ameliorating injury has not yet been unequivocally resolved. Here, we have established a cisplatin-induced nephropathy model in immunodeficient rats to assess the efficacy of CD133+ human kidney cells in restoring renal health, and to determine the fate of these cells after systemic administration. Specifically, following IV administration, we evaluated the impact of the CD133+ cells on renal function by undertaking longitudinal measurements of the glomerular filtration rate using a novel transcutaneous device. Using histological assays, we assessed whether the human kidney cells could promote renal regeneration, and if this was related to their ability to integrate into the damaged kidneys. Our results show that both CD133+ and CD133− cells improve renal function and promote renal regeneration to a similar degree. However, this was not associated with engraftment of the cells into the kidneys. Instead, after IV administration, both cell types were exclusively located in the lungs, and had disappeared by 24 hours. Our data therefore indicate that renal repair is not mediated by CD133+ cells homing to the kidneys and generating specialized renal cells. Instead, renal repair is likely to be mediated by paracrine or endocrine factors.Literature suggests the involvement of the renin-angiotensin system and transforming growth factor (TGF)-β in the renal injury that follows chronic ureteric obstruction. SMAD proteins and the JNK1 cascade are essential components of TGF-β signaling machinery, and recent data suggest cooperative interaction between JNK1 and SMAD proteins in TGF-β-mediated gene expression. We used a rat model of chronic unilateral ureteric obstruction to study the effects of candesartan, an AT-receptor blocker, on tissue morphology and the activities of JNK1 and SMAD2 protein in the kidney. Ureteric obstruction for 28 days leads to interstitial fibrosis, tubule atrophy, and marked activation of SMAD2 and JNK1, without significant change in p38 kinase or ERK. Candesartan treatment, however, attenuated the chronic tubulointerstitial injury in obstructed kidneys and was associated with significant preservation of kidney tissue mass. Furthermore, treatment with candesartan diminished JNK1 activity and downregulated SMAD2 protein and activity in obstructed kidneys. In conclusion, obstructed kidneys showed chronic tubulointerstitial injury, which was associated with JNK1 and SMAD2 activation. The renoprotective effects afforded by AT-receptor blockade in obstructive uropathy are consistent with attenuation of JNK1- and SMAD2-mediated renal injury.Fibrosis is a progressive, often irreversible histologic manifestation of chronic and end-stage renal disease. In this study, single-cell transcriptome sequencing technology was used to sequence and analyze blood and kidney tissue cells in normal control rats and rats with chronic kidney disease (CKD), focusing on key cell populations and functional enrichment to explore the pathogenesis of CKD. Oil red O staining and ELISA were used to detect lipid droplets and free fat acid (FFA). RT-PCR, WB were used to verify the differential gene HAO2 and fatty acid metabolic process in tissue to ensure the reliability of single-cell sequencing results. We successfully established a single-cell transcriptome atlas of blood and kidney tissue in rats with CKD, which were annotated into 14 cell subsets (MPCs, PT, Tc, DCT, B-IC, A-IC, CNT, ALOH, BC, Neu, Endo, Pla, NKT, Baso) according to marker gene, and the integrated single-cell atlas of rats showed a significant increase and decrease of MPCs and PTs in the model group, respectively. Functional analysis found extensive enrichment of metabolic-related pathways in PT cells, includes fatty acid metabolic process, cellular amino acid metabolic process and generation of precursor metabolites and energy. Immunohistochemical experiments determined that the differential gene HAO2 was localized in the renal tubules, and its expression was significantly reduced in model group compared with control, and oil red O staining showed that lipid droplets increased in the model group. ELISA assay showed that ATP content decreased in the model group and FFA increased in the model group. ACOX1, PPARα, PGC1α were decreased in the model group, while genes and proteins were increased after overexpression of HAO2, and the AMPK and ACC phosphorylated proteins were increased. Therefore, HAO2 may be an important regulator of fatty acid metabolic processes in CKD, and overexpression of HAO2 can enhance fatty acid metabolism by promoting fatty acid oxidation pathway. Blood oxygen level-dependent magnetic resonance imaging (BOLD-MRI) has been widely used to assess renal oxygenation changes in different kidney diseases in recent years. This study was designed to evaluate and compare renal tissue oxygenation using 2 BOLD-MRI analysis methods, namely, the regional and whole-kidney region of interest (ROI) selection methods.The study ended up with 10 healthy controls and 40 chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients without dialysis. Their renal BOLD-MRI data were analyzed using whole-kidney ROI selection method and compared with regional ROI selection method.We found the cortical, medullary, and whole-kidney R2* values were significantly higher in CKD patients than those in controls. Compared with the regional ROI selection method, the whole-kidney ROI selection method yielded higher cortical R2* values in both controls and CKD patients. The whole-kidney R2* values of deteriorating renal function group were significantly higher than those in stable renal function group.Cortical and medullary oxygenation was decreased significantly in CKD patients compared with the healthy controls, particularly in the medulla. The whole-kidney R2* values were positively correlated with kidney function and inversely correlated with the estimated glomerular filtration rate and effective renal plasma flow. Whole-Kidney R2* value might effectively predict the progression of renal function in patients with CKD. Background: Treatments for metastatic clear cell renal carcinoma (mccRCC) are evolving with multiple targeted and immune therapy drugs currently approved by regulatory agencies as single agents or in combination. Developing predictive biomarkers to determine which patients derive a differential benefit from a particular treatment is an area of ongoing clinical research. Objective: We sought to systematically evaluate the role of tumour tissue-based biomarkers that assist in selection of therapy for mccRCC. Methods: Literature addressing the role of biomarkers in mccRCC was identified through a search of the electronic databases MEDLINE, Embase, and the Web of Science and a hand search of major conference abstracts (from Jan 2010 –Sep 2020). Abstracts were screened to identify papers meriting full-text review. Studies with a comparison arm were included to assess biomarker relevance. A narrative review of studies was performed. Results: The literature search yielded 6784 potentially relevant articles. 133 articles met criteria for full text review, and 10 articles were identified by scanning bibliographies of relevant studies. A total of 33 articles (involving 13 studies) were selected for data extraction and subsequent review. Conclusions: Predictive biomarkers for immediate use in the clinic are lacking, and embedding their evaluation and validation in future clinical trials is needed to refine practice and patient selection. Under physiological conditions, the myocardial extracellular matrix (ECM) is maintained by matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases (TIMPs). However, changes in the balance between MMPs and TIMPs can lead to pathological remodeling of the ECM, which contributes to cardiovascular and kidney diseases. The aim of our study was to assess levels of MMPs and TIMP-2 in patients with myocarditis and their relationship to renal function. Materials and Methods: Forty five patients with myocarditis who underwent CMR were included, comprising 11 with concurrent chronic kidney disease (CKD). Blood samples were obtained to assess serum levels of MMP-2, MMP-3, MMP-9, and TIMP-2.Serum MMP-2, MMP-3, and TIMP-2 levels negatively correlated with the ejection fraction in patients with myocarditis, while MMP-3 levels correlated with longitudinal deformation (0.05). Serum MMP-2, MMP-3, and TIMP-2 levels also negatively correlated with renal function, as assessed by the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (0.05). Patients with myocarditis and concurrent CKD had higher levels of MMP-2 and TIMP-2 than those without kidney damage.(1) We demonstrated that MMP-2, MMP-3, and TIMP-2 concentrations were related to left-ventricular ejection fraction, and MMP-3 levels correlated with longitudinal deformation, indicating MMPs play an important role in the post-inflammatory remodeling of the myocardium. (2) A negative correlation between the eGFR and MMP-2, MMP-3, and TIMP-2 and a positive correlation between creatinine and MMP-3 levels indicate the role of MMPs and TIMP-2 in renal dysfunction.  Techniques were developed to determine the location of exchangeable K pools that had been identified previously in kinetic studies of the intact perfused bullfrog kidney. Following perfusion of the kidneys with 42K, a washout of the isotope was begun and interrupted at various times; the kidneys were removed, frozen, dried at low pressure and temperature, and then microdissected. Glomerular capillary tufts, small segments of tissue containing early distal tubules (diluting segment), and other segments containing proximal tubular convolutions were removed and analyzed for total content of K and 42K. In the intact kidney 77% of tissue K exchanged in 60 min. The exchangeable K concentration was 95 mu eq/ml cell water. Correction for the K activity coefficient in Ringer solution yielded an activity of 72 mu eq/ml. Thirty-two percent of glomerular capillary K exchanged in 60 min; 7% exchanged with a half time of 3.5 min; and the remainder exchanged at a rate too slow to measure. The data from tissue containing proximal tubular segments were too scattered to permit analysis. In segments containing early distal tubules, 67% of tissue K was contained in two exchangeable pools: one pool exchanged at a rate 10-fold greater than did the other. The data for these two distal pools were analyzed in terms of a parallel model (two cell types?) and a nested model (cytoplasm and subcellular organelles?). Pool size and exchange rates were calculated for both models. Electron microscopic analysis revealed that early distal tubular segments contain only one cell type which has a large population of mitochondria. This suggests that the nested model is more plausible. The fast distal pool exchanged at the same rate as the fast-exchanging pool identified in kinetic studies of the intact functioning kidney and is considered to be the K secretory pool.  Nephrocalcin (NC), a urinary calcium oxalate monohydrate (COM) crystal growth inhibitor, was purified from kidneys of nine vertebrate species including humans. All isolates were glycoproteins with high contents of aspartic and glutamic acids and small amounts of basic and aromatic amino acids. Carbohydrate contents ranged from 4 to 16 wt% among the different species, but all contained fucose, mannose, galactose, glucose, galactosamine, glucosamine, and N-acetylneuraminic acid. Although amino acid and carbohydrate compositions were similar, dissociation constants derived from calcium oxalate monohydrate inhibition varied between 10(-7) and 10(-8) M, and highest affinity could be related to highest ability of the kidney of origin to concentrate urine. Using an antibody raised against NC from human kidney tissue culture medium, we found strong immunoreactivity with two species, pigs and sheep. Thus far all vertebrate kidneys possess COM growth-inhibiting material that seems to be of glycoprotein character, and all the glycoproteins isolated so far share similar features, suggesting NC-like proteins are a well-conserved trait. Obesity is directly associated with an increased risk of developing CKD, regardless of other comorbid conditions. Although the molecular mechanisms that link both diseases are not well established, the role of adipose tissue (AT) is becoming increasingly important in obesity-associated kidney damage. In the context of obesity, lipotoxicity and the alteration of AT secretion profile promote inflammation, oxidative stress, and fibrosis in the kidney, which ultimately leads to impaired renal function. Different studies have highlighted the importance of body weight loss in the improvement of renal function markers. In this regard, bariatric surgery, rather than low-calorie diets, has been accepted as the most effective option to lose weight. In fact, a significant reduction in proteinuria and hyperfiltration has been observed in association with surgically induced weight loss. Detection of early signs of kidney dysfunction in patients with obesity has not been accomplished yet, though. Therefore, understanding the harmful effects within the adipo-renal axis is essential to prevent the progression to the irreversible renal insufficiency. MicroRNAs have recently been described as important modulators of normal kidney function. Some of these microRNAs could be potential early markers of kidney damage, which would help with the diagnosis and the prevention of CKD. 
The initial renal hypertrophy in experimental diabetes is dependent on the prevailing blood glucose level and is associated with renal accumulation of insulinlike growth factor I. To investigate the relationship of blood glucose to kidney IGF-I, a graded range of diabetic aberration was established in young rats by iv injection of increasing amounts of streptozotocin (25–80 mg/kg) at day 0. In 30 diabetic rats the mean of day 1 and day 2 blood glucose concentrations ranged from 6.2 to 32.0 mmol/l and 24-h urinary glucose excretion (24–48 h) from 0.04 to 43.3 mmol/24 h. The right kidneys were removed after 48 h, weighed and their IGF-I concentration analysed by radioimmunoassay. Kidney IGF-I was positively correlated to blood glucose (r = 0.66, 0.0001) as well as to 24-h urinary glucose output (r = 0.54, 0.005). At this early stage, kidney weight already correlated to blood glucose (r = 0.60, 0.0005). No relationship between kidney IGF-I and kidney weight was found. However, if animals with severe diabetes were excluded, a significant correlation could be established (r = 0.51, p = 0.01, N = 24). The results support the hypothesis that IGF-I plays a causal role in the initial renal hypertrophy of experimental diabetes.To predict the progression in patients with IgA nephropathy, we analyzed glomerular lesions except for sclerosis, adhesion and/or crescents in 34 patients with this disease by morphometric analysis. Levels of urinary protein excretion (UP), creatinine clearance (Ccr), serum creatinine (sCr) and mean blood pressure (MBP) at the time of renal biopsy were used as the clinical parameters. The slope of 1/sCr was also used as a prognostic parameter. Renal specimens were obtained by echo-guided biopsy. In PAS-stained light microscopic renal sections, three midsections of open glomeruli were selected and photographed. Stereologic estimation was performed as follows: absolute values of glomerular volume (V), glomerular surface area (S), podocyte and nonpodocyte cell number per glomerulus (N and N), glomerular surface area covered by one podocyte S) and glomerular volume occupied by one nonpodocyte cell (V). There was a significant correlation between the levels of UP and the change of podocyte injury parameters (N and S) or N. N was negatively but S and N were positively correlated with UP. S or N was correlated with MBP. N, S, N, UP or MBP was significantly correlated with the slope of 1/sCr. High specificity was observed for N, S and MBP. High sensitivity was also observed for N and UP. It appears that podocyte injury might provide additional prognostic information in patients with IgA nephropathy.The management of acute renal failure in the critically ill patient is extremely variable and there are no published standards for the provision of renal replacement therapy in this population. Continuous renal replacement therapy seems to be the treatment of choice because of its superior metabolic and hemodynamic control. There is better organ protection by continuous treatment but no evidence for better survival or renal recovery due to continuous treatment. The debate about optimal membrane as well as about optimal dialysis dose is ongoing. An effluent flow rate of at least 35 ml/kg/h as well as lower BUN level at treatment initiation seem to be necessary to provide better survival rate. Peritoneal dialysis is a less suitable option in continuous renal replacement of the adult intensive care patient but hybrid methods such as extended daily dialysis and sustained low efficient daily dialysis need consideration with respect to continuous hemofiltration/dialysis.We report a case of an isolated para-aortic retroperitoneal renal cell carcinoma (RCC) in the absence of a primary cancer in the kidney. Single case reports in the literature have described extra-renal RCC in different locations with no evidence of primary renal tumor. We present the initial presentation, diagnostic imaging, surgical treatment, and pathologic evaluation. Immunohistochemistry demonstrated positivity for TFE3 and TFEB, both of which are Microphthalmia associated transcription factors (MiT) associated with translocation RCCs. We hypothesize these few cases of extra-renal RCC represent rare forms of translocation RCC.1. In the hypertension which accompanies constriction of the renal arteries, there is no constant relationship between the height of the general systemic arterial pressure and the pressure in the renal artery distal to the point of constriction. The hypertension may persist even though the renal arterial pressure returns to or almost to the control level.2. Studies on the renal blood flow and oxygen consumption following subtotal nephrectomy were abandoned because of inability to produce hypertension in dogs by this method. It is suggested that the mechanism of the hypertension following renal arterial constriction (dogs) and that following subtotal nephrectomy (rats) may not be the same in the two instances.3. Studies on isolated renal cortical tissue of dogs and of rabbits following renal arterial constriction and subtotal nephrectomy showed that there is not necessarily a diminution in the capacity of the tissues of hypertensive animals to use oxygen.This chapter describes all aspects of renal replacement therapy in the setting of acute kidney injury including indications for renal replacement therapies, choices of modality, differences between continuous and intermittent techniques, technical and performance issues, filtrate and dialysates used in continuous renal replacement therapy, measuring adequacy, prescribing in acute kidney injury, anticoagulation for various forms of continuous renal replacement therapy, troubleshooting problems, psychosocial aspects, acute peritoneal dialysis, and dialysis for poisoningAttempts at organ transplantation have been made since the 19th century. Renal transplantation is the preferred treatment for end stage renal disease. Renal transplant anesthesia requires a thorough understanding of the metabolic and systemic abnormalities in end-stage renal disease, familiarity with transplant medicine, and expertise in managing and optimizing these patients for the best possible outcome. Also, the associated comorbid conditions increase the complexity of anesthesia, pain management, and perioperative morbidity and mortality. Hence a good perioperative management of these patients includes a multidisciplinary collaboration with well-planned anesthetic strategies. This chapter uses a case study of a 69-year-old man who presents for preoperative evaluation prior to consideration of renal transplantation.A bioartificial renal proximal tubule is successfully engineered as a first step towards a bioartificial kidney for improved renal substitution therapy. To engineer the tubule, a tunable hollow fiber membrane with an exterior skin layer that provides immunoprotection for the cells from extracapillary blood flow and a coarse inner surface that facilitates a hydrogel coating for cell attachment was embedded in a “lab-on-a-chip” model for the small-scale exploratory testing under flow conditions. Fibrin was coated onto the inner surface of the hollow fiber, and human renal proximal tubule epithelial cells were then seeded. Using this model, we successfully cultured a confluent monolayer, as ascertained by immunofluorescence staining for ZO-1 tight junctions and other proximal tubule markers, scanning electron microscopy, and FITC-inulin recovery studies. Furthermore, the inulin studies, combined with the creatinine and glucose transport profiles, suggested that the confluent monolayer exhibits functional transport capabilities. The novel approaches here may eventually improve current renal substitution technology for renal failure patients. Lymphatic vessels transport lymph away from microvascular beds into the cardiovascular system. The basic function of the lymphatic system include absorption of water and macromolecules in the interstitial fluid, which plays an important role in maintaining osmotic balance of the body. Recent studies have shown that lymphangiogenesis is associated with tumor metabolism, injury repair, and chronic inflammation, and deteriorates disease progression via immune cell trafficking.Renal interstitial lymph­angiogenesis is found in patients with chronic kidney disease and a series of animal models of renal fibrosis. Lymphatic vessels transfer antigen and antigen-presenting cells from peripheral tissues to lymph nodes, which initiates adaptive immunity and in turn deteriorates renal inflammation and renal fibrosis, even in non-autoimmune renal diseases. Key Messages: This review summarizes the latest findings on how lymphatics participate in the progression of chronic kidney disease. This discussion will serve to highlight the role of adaptive immunity in non-infectious and non-autoimmune nephropathy, in order to provide new ideas and methods for prevention and treatment of kidney diseases. Congenital urinary tract obstruction (UTO) is the leading cause of chronic kidney disease in children; however, current management strategies do not safeguard against progression to end-stage renal disease, highlighting the need for interventions to limit or reverse obstructive nephropathy. Experimental UTO triggers renal urothelial remodeling that culminates in the redistribution of basal keratin 5-positive (Krt5) renal urothelial cells (RUCs) and the generation of uroplakin-positive (Upk) RUCs that synthesize a protective apical urothelial plaque. The cellular source of Upk RUCs is currently unknown, limiting the development of strategies to promote renal urothelial remodeling as a therapeutic approach. In the present study, we traced the origins of adult Upk RUCs during normal development and in response to UTO. Fate mapping analysis demonstrated that adult Upk RUCs derive from embryonic and neonatal Krt5 RUCs, whereas Krt5 RUCs lose this progenitor capacity and become lineage restricted by postnatal day 14. However, in response to UTO, postnatal day 14-labeled adult Krt5 RUCs break their lineage restriction and robustly differentiate into Upk RUCs. Thus, Krt5 RUCs drive renal urothelial formation during normal ontogeny and after UTO by differentiating into Upk RUCs in a temporally restricted manner.  Chronic hypoxia is prevalent in chronic kidney disease (CKD), and blood oxygenation level-dependent magnetic resonance imaging (BOLD-MRI) provides noninvasive evaluation of renal oxygenation. This study aimed to explore the correlation of renal oxygenation evaluated by BOLD-MRI with renal function.97 non-dialysis patients with CKD stages 1–5 and healthy volunteers (HVs) were recruited in the study, all participants without diabetes. Based on their estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), the patients were divided into two groups: CKD stages 1–3 (CKD 1–3) and CKD stages 4–5 (CKD 4–5). We measured cortical and medullary T2* (COT2* and MET2*) values in all participants by BOLD-MRI. Physiological indices were also recorded and compared among three groups. Correlation of T2* values with clinical characteristics was determined.The COT2* values were significantly higher than MET2* values in all participants. The COT2* and MET2* values of three groups were ranked as HVCKD 1–3 CKD 4–5 (0.0001). There were positive correlations between the COT2* values, MET2* values and eGFR, hemoglobin (0.4,0.01). The 24-h urinary protein (24-h Upr) showed weak correlation with the COT2* value ( = −0.2301,= 0.0265) and no correlation with the MET2* value (0.05). Urinary microprotein, including urinary alpha1-microglobulin, urinary beta2-microglobulin (β2-MG), and urinary retinol-binding protein (RBP), showed strong correlation with COT2* and MET2* values. According to the analysis of receiver operating characteristic curve, the optimal cut-points between HV and CKD 1–3 were “61.17 ms” (sensitivity: 91.23%, specificity: 100%) for COT2* values and “35.00 ms” (sensitivity: 77.19%, specificity: 100%) for MET2* values, whereas COT2* values (“47.34 ms”; sensitivity: 90.00%, specificity: 92.98%) and MET2* values (“25.09 ms”; sensitivity: 97.50%, specificity: 80.70%) between CKD 1–3 and CKD 4–5.The decline of renal oxygenation reflected on T2* values, especially in cortex, may be an effective diagnostic marker for early detection of CKD. The efficacy of cell therapy for many diseases can be limited by the poor survival of implanted cells in an environment of tissue injury. Melatonin has been reported to have antioxidative and antiapoptotic effects. Adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stromal cells (ASCs), cells easily obtained in high amounts and with minimal discomfort, have shown great promise in cell therapy applications, such as in acute kidney injury. We hypothesized that melatonin pretreatment of human ASCs (hASCs) would improve their renoprotective and prosurvival effects. We therefore investigated the action of melatonin on hASCs, as well as the effect of the resulting hASCs-conditioned media (CM) on human kidney cells exposed to oxidative and apoptotic injury-provoking doses of cisplatin. Our results demonstrated that pretreatment of hASCs with melatonin, 100 μM for 3 h, significantly increased their proliferation and their expression of prosurvival P-Erk1/2 and P-Akt, and of antioxidative enzymes catalase and heme oxygenase (HO)-1. In addition, the CM from hASCs pretreated with melatonin provoked a significantly higher proliferation and migration of HK-2 human kidney epithelial cells. Furthermore, this CM exerted significantly higher prosurvival and antiapoptotic actions on HK-2 cells exposed to cisplatin in vitro. Western blot analysis showed higher expression of P-Erk1/2, Bcl-2, SOD-1, and HO-1 in the HK-2 cells exposed to cisplatin in the presence of CM from melatonin-pretreated hASCs. In sum, our study revealed that in vitro pretreatment of hASCs with melatonin may significantly enhance their survival and their therapeutic effectiveness on injured tissue. For research in regenerative medicine, not only the study of cellular pluripotency but also knowledge of the reorganization of tissue structure is crucial. However, the latter will probably be more difficult to acquire. When small fragments of kidney (approx. 1 × 1 mm) were implanted in the liver of syngeneic LEW rats, the tissue survived at least 2 weeks with retention of normal structure including glomeruli and tubules. In contrast, no kidney structure survived when transplanted to subcutaneous sites, omentum, or spleen. Molecules involved in renal tubular function, such as megalin and glut2 transporter protein, were detectable in the implanted tissue by immunohistochemistry, suggesting that the cells were biologically active. Survival of cortex, medulla, and calyx tissues was then compared. All three components were still detectable 8 weeks after transplantation but cortex and medulla were replaced by granuloma at 6 months. Only calyx tissue survived for up to 12 months after transplantation. There was no marked difference in tissue survival, either when the recipient liver was partially resected or when infantile donor kidney was implanted instead of adult kidney. The present method opens new avenues in the development of regenerative medicine (i.e., tissue transplantation) as an intermediate modus between organ transplantation and cell transplantation. Ischemic nephropathy consists of progressive renal function loss due to renal hypoxia, inflammation, microvascular rarefaction, and fibrosis. We provide a literature review focused on kidney hypoperfusion-dependent inflammation and its influence on renal tissue’s ability to self-regenerate. Moreover, an overview of the advances in regenerative therapy with mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) infusion is provided. Based on our search, we can point out the following conclusions: 1. endovascular reperfusion is the gold-standard therapy for RAS, but its success mostly depends on treatment timeliness and a preserved downstream vascular bed; 2. anti-RAAS drugs, SGLT2 inhibitors, and/or anti-endothelin agents are especially recommended for patients with renal ischemia who are not eligible for endovascular reperfusion for slowing renal damage progression; 3. TGF-β, MCP-1, VEGF, and NGAL assays, along with BOLD MRI, should be extended in clinical practice and applied to a pre- and post-revascularization protocols; 4. MSC infusion appears effective in renal regeneration and could represent a revolutionary treatment for patients with fibrotic evolution of renal ischemia. This article details how the UK Renal Registry is changing to meet the needs of the kidney community Several techniques for renal replacement therapy are now utilized to manage patients with acute kidney injury including intermittent haemodialysis, continuous renal replacement therapy, sustained low-efficiency dialysis, and peritoneal dialysis. This chapter provides an update on contemporary issues including advances in dialysis technology and its effects on the application of dialysis in acute kidney injury. The timing of initiation, modality choice, optimal dose, and management of complications in dialysis are some of the areas where there is controversy. Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common renal condition, with recent estimates suggesting that 7–18% of those admitted to hospital are affected. It is important to distinguish patients who have persistent renal dysfunction following AKI to ensure they receive the best possible medical care. Kerry Horne and Nicholas Selby review the evidence base surrounding long-term sequelae of AKI. Background/Aims: The purpose of the present study was to compare the direct renin inhibitor aliskiren to the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ) in their ability to modulate renal tissue oxygenation in hypertensive patients. Methods: 24 patients were enrolled in this randomized prospective study and 20 completed the protocol. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either aliskiren 150-300 mg/d or HCTZ 12.5 - 25 mg/d for 8 weeks. Renal oxygenation was measured by BOLD-MRI at weeks 0 and 8. BOLD-MRI was also performed before and after an i.v. injection of 20 mg furosemide at week 0 and at week 8. BOLD-MRI data were analyzed by measuring the oxygenation in 12 computed layers of the kidney enabling to asses renal oxygenation according to the depth within the kidney and by the classical method of regions of interest (ROI). Results: The classical ROI analysis of the data showed no difference between the groups at week 8. The analysis of renal oxygenation according to the 12 layers method shows no significant difference between aliskiren and HCTZ at week 8 before administration of furosemide. However, within group analyses show that aliskiren slightly but not significantly increased oxygenation in the cortex and decreased medullary oxygenation whereas HCTZ induced a significant overall decrease in renal tissue oxygenation. With the same method of analysis we observed that the response to furosemide was unchanged in the HCTZ group at week 8 but was characterized by an increase in both cortical and medullary oxygenation in aliskiren-treated patients. Patients responding to aliskiren and HCTZ by a fall in systolic blood pressure of 10 mmHg improved their renal tissue oxygenation when compared to non-responders. Conclusion: With the classical method of evaluation using regions no difference were found between aliskiren and HCTZ on renal tissue oxygenation after 8 weeks. In contrast, with our new method that takes into account the entire kidney, within group analyses show that aliskiren slightly increases cortical and medullary renal tissue oxygenation in hypertensive patients whereas HCTZ decreases significantly renal oxygenation at trough.The acute (0.5–3.0 h) response of the contralateral kidney to unilateral renal artery constriction was studied in 7 pentobarbital-anesthetized dogs. Within 30 min after unilateral renal artery constriction to a pressure of about 60 mm Hg, contralateral vascular resistance, sodium excretion and filtration fraction increased significantly while glomerular filtration rate, blood flow and plasma flow did not change. Renin secretion decreased dramatically within 30 min, demonstrating a negative venous minus arterial plasma renin activity in some dogs. Unilateral renal artery constriction did not change the rate of angiotensin II extraction across the contralateral kidney or the urinary renin activity (measured in 4 dogs). These results indicate that the acute response of the contralateral kidney to unilateral renal artery constriction is somewhat different from that seen in the chronic state. To investigate the molecular pathology of two-kidney, one-clip (2K-1C) rats, we examined the gene expressions of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and angiotensin II (ANG II) concentration in various tissues in the early (4 wk) and chronic (16 wk) phases of hypertension. Four weeks after clipping, the brain renin mRNA level was lower in 2K-1C rats than in control rats (P0.05). On the other hand, the levels of brain and renal angiotensinogen mRNA were not significantly different in the two groups. The brain and adrenal ANG II concentrations were significantly higher in 2K-1C rats than in control rats. Sixteen weeks after clipping, there was no significant difference in the brain renin mRNA levels in the two groups, and renal and brain angiotensinogen mRNA levels were normal. Moreover, the ANG II concentrations in the adrenals and brain (except the cortex) of 2K-1C rats were not significantly higher than those in control rats. These results show a differential pattern of tissue RAS gene expression in rats during the development of 2K-1C hypertension, which is regulated in a tissue-specific manner. Furthermore, the data suggest that brain ANG II may be affected by circulating ANG II, but not by the brain renin angiotensin system, and may regulate brain renin, probably by negative feedback through its own receptor. Poorer renal function is associated with increasing morbidity and mortality. In the wider population this is mainly as a consequence of cardiovascular disease. Renal patients are more likely to progress to end-stage renal disease, but also have high cardiovascular risk.
Aiming to reduce both progression of renal impairment and cardiovascular disease are not contradictory. Focusing on the management of high-risk patients with proteinuria and reduced glomerular filtration rates, it is recommended that blood pressure should be kept below 140/90, or 130/80 if proteinuria is1 g/24 h (protein:creatinine ratio (PCR) 100 mg/mmol or 0.9 g/g). These targets may be modified according to age and other factors. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs) or angiotensin receptor antagonists should form part of the therapy for patients with proteinuria0.5 g/24 h (PCR50 mg/mmol or 0.45 g/g). Use of ACEIs or angiotensin receptor blockers in patients with lower levels of proteinuria may be indicated in some patient groups even in the absence of hypertension, notably in diabetic nephropathy. Evidence that other agents that reduce proteinuria bring additional benefits is weak at present. The best studies of ‘dual-blockade’ with various combinations of ACEIs, ARBs, and renin inhibitors have shown additional hazard with little evidence of additional benefit.
Hyperlipidaemia—regardless of lipid levels, statin therapy is indicated in secondary cardiovascular prevention, and in primary prevention where cardiovascular risk is high, noting that current risk estimation tools do not adequately account for the increased risk of patients with CKD. There is not substantial evidence that lipid lowering therapy impacts on average rates of loss of GFR in progressive CKD. Non-drug lifestyle interventions to reduce cardiovascular risk, including stopping smoking, are important for all. Acidosis—in more advanced CKD it is justified to treat acidosis with oral sodium bicarbonate.
Diet—sodium restriction to100 mmol/day (6 g/day) and avoidance of excessive dietary protein are justified in early to moderate CKD. Recommendations to limit levels of protein to 0.8 g/kg body weight are suggested by some, but additional protective effects of this are likely to be slight in patients who are otherwise well managed. Low-protein diets may carry some risk. Lower-protein diets may however be used to prevent symptoms in advanced CKD not treated by dialysis.It was hypothesized that lithium causes accelerated and permanent injury to the postnatally developing kidney through entry into epithelial cells of the distal nephron and inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase-3β (GSK-3β). GSK-3β immunoreactivity was associated with glomeruli, the thick ascending limb of Henle's loop, and collecting ducts in the developing and adult human and rat kidney. In rats, the abundance of inactive, phosphorylated GSK-3β (pGSK-3β) protein decreased during postnatal development. After feeding of dams with litters lithium [50 mmol Li/kg chow, postnatal (P) days 7–28], the offspring showed plasma lithium concentration of 1.0 mmol/l. Kidneys from lithium-treated rat pups exhibited dilated distal nephron segments with microcysts. Stereological analysis showed reduced cortex and outer medullary volumes. Lithium increased pGSK-3β and the proliferation marker proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) protein abundances in the cortex and medulla. After lithium treatment, pGSK-3β-immunopositive cells exhibited restricted distribution and were associated primarily with subsets of cells in dilated and microcystic segments of cortical collecting ducts. After 6 wk of lithium discontinuation, adult rats exhibited attenuated urine concentration capacity and diminished outer medullary volume. Histological sections of two nephrectomy samples and a biopsy from three long-term lithium-treated patients showed multiple cortical microcysts that originated from normally appearing tubules. Microcysts were lined by a cuboidal PCNA-, GSK-3β-, and pGSK-3β-immunopositive epithelium. The postnatal rat kidney may serve as an experimental model for the study of lithium-induced human kidney injury. The data are compatible with a causal relationship between epithelial entry of lithium into cells of the aldosterone-sensitive distal nephron, inactivation of GSK-3β, proliferation, and microcysts.UT-B1 is the facilitated urea transporter of red blood cells (RBCs) and endothelial cells of descending vasa recta in the kidney. Immunoblotting with a polyclonal antibody against the C-ter sequence of rat UT-B1 revealed UT-B1 as both nonglycosylated (29 kDa) and N-glycosylated (47.5 and 33 kDa) proteins in RBC membranes, kidney medulla, brain, and bladder in rat. In testis, UT-B1 was expressed only as a nonglycosylated protein of 47.5 kDa. Immunocytochemistry confirmed that the location of UT-B1 is restricted to descending vasa recta. In brain, UT-B1 protein was found in astrocytes and ependymal cells. Cell bodies and perivascular end feet of astrocytes were labeled in brain cortex, whereas astrocyte cell processes were labeled in corpus callosum. Flow cytometry analysis of RBCs revealed a good cross-reactivity of the antibody with mouse and human UT-B1. UT-B1 protein expression in rat kidney medulla was downregulated greatly by long-term [deamino-Cys]vasopressin infusion and moderately by furosemide treatment. This study discloses an uneven distribution of UT-B1 protein within astrocytes and the regulation of renal UT-B1 protein by antidiuretic hormone.Introduction: At initial diagnosis of multiple myeloma (MM) 30% to 40% of patients has renal impairment and acute kidney injury (AKI) being most common renal presentation. Poor renal outcome is associated with poor overall survival of patients. Objectives: The present study was conducted to determine renal outcome in patients with newly diagnosed MM presenting with AKI. Patients and Methods: A prospective observational study was carried out from March 2016 to March 2021. We included newly diagnosed myeloma patients presenting with AKI. Diagnosis and staging of AKI was conducted by kidney disease improving global outcomes (KDIGO) guidelines. Diagnosis of MM was performed by International Myeloma Working Group (IMWG) criteria. Complete renal response was defined as estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of ≥60 mL/min. Statistical analysis was done using SPSS Statistics software version 28. Results: Total number of patients were 48 male, female was 32.16, median age was 69 years. With a median follow-up of 9 weeks 30 patients (62.5%) had complete renal response, 10 patients (20.8%) expired and 8 patients (16.6%) were dialysis dependent. On comparing patients with and without complete renal response, significant variables were serum creatinine (P0.001), serum calcium (P0.001), oliguria at presentation (P0.001), RRT requirement (P0.001), AKI stage Ⅲ (P0.001) and light chain myeloma(P0.001). On Kaplan Meier analysis oliguria at presentation (P0.001), renal replacement therapy (RRT) requirement (P0.001), AKI stage Ⅲ (P0.001) and light chain myeloma (P0.001) were significantly associated with poor renal outcomes. Conclusion: In patients with newly diagnosed MM presenting with AKI renal recovery is 62.5%. Factors associated with poor renal recovery are higher serum creatinine, oliguria, RRT requirement, AKI stage Ⅲ and light chain myeloma. To test the hypothesis that Wilms tumour survivors (WTs) experience increased disturbance in renal function, even after prompt treatment, compared to patients with unilateral renal agenesis (URA).To assess the renal function of 30 WTs and 17 individuals with URA, the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated using the Schwartz and Filler formulas as well as the new Schwartz equation for chronic kidney disease. To measure kidney damage, serum levels and urine excretion of β-microglobulin (B2M), cystatin C (Cys C), neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) were tested, N-acetyl-β-glucosaminidase (NAG), and albumin urine excretion and urine sediment were examined. Blood pressure was measured.No differences were found between the groups in terms of eGFR, serum Cys C, B2M and NGAL concentrations. The urine excretion of Cys C, NGAL and NAG was similar in both groups. URA patients had higher B2M excretion than WTs. Arterial hypertension was present in 7/30 (23%) WTs and 1/17 (6%) patients with URA.WTs have similar eGFR to individuals with URA and are more likely to have arterial hypertension. The patients with URA have signs of tubular damage. This study demonstrates the need for nephrological monitoring of individuals with a single kidney. Homocysteine (Hcy) is an intermediate of methionine metabolism. Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy) can result from a deficiency in the enzymes or vitamin cofactors required for Hcy metabolism. Patients with renal disease tend to be hyperhomocysteinemic, particularly as renal function declines, although the underlying cause of HHcy in renal disease is not entirely understood.HHcy is considered a risk or pathogenic factor in the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) as well as the cardiovascular complications. Key Messages: In this review, we summarize both clinical and experimental findings that reveal the contribution of Hcy as a pathogenic factor to the development of CKD. In addition, we discuss several important mechanisms mediating the pathogenic action of Hcy in the kidney, such as local oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress, inflammation and hypomethylation.Introduction: Oxalate, calcium, uric acid, and citrate are among the most widely known biochemical factors for urinary stone formation. In most cases, urolithiasis occurs as unilateral despite the role of systemic metabolic factors in kidney stone formation.Objectives: The present research aimed to compare these urinary biochemical factors in healthy and stone-generating kidneys in patients with unilateral urolithiasis.Patients and Methods: Forty patients with unilateral urolithiasis participated in this cross-sectional, descriptive-analytical study. The patients were hospitalized in kidney surgery and kidney urology ward of Kashani hospital of Shahrekord, southwest Iran. After the implementation of crushing stone using transurethral lithotripsy (TUL), 5-10 cc of urinary sample was collected from each kidney. An AutoAnalyzer (Mindray Company, Bs–360 model) and laboratory kits (Bionic Company) were used to measure calcium, uric acid, and creatinine. Moreover, a manual method and Darman Faraz Kave company kits were applied to measure the levels of oxalate and citrate. Results on the healthy and stone-generating kidneys of each patient were separately analyzed using the Stata 13 software.Results: The difference in the mean ratio of uric acid, oxalate, and citrate to creatinine in the healthy kidneys and stone-generating kidneys was not significant. However, the mean UCa/UCr ratio in the healthy kidneys was 0.27±0.07 and relatively greater than that in the stone-generating kidneys (0.11±0.04) (P=0.06).Conclusion: The studied topical factors and secretory disorders had not any significant relationship with unilateral urolithiasis. The cause of unilateral urolithiasis should be searched in other factors such as metabolic factors, main positions of individual during 24 hours and sleeping, and anatomic disorders of kidney stone, or multifactorial. In the past 50 years, classification systems for renal neoplasms have become increasingly complex as distinctive morphologic patterns in renal neoplasms have been recognized and correlated with clinical findings. In addition to classic histopatology, more sophisticated diagnostic tools, including electron microscopy, immunohistochemistry, cytogenetics, and molecular diagnostic techniques have greatly influenced distinctions between various types of renal neoplasms. The current World Health Organization classification of renal neoplasms encompasses nearly 50 distinctive renal neoplasms categorized as malignant or benign tumours. These categories have been expanded during recent years to incorporate newer histotypes, thus suggesting that the next revision of this classification will incorporate some recently recognized entities. In this chapter, we examine clinicopathologic and genetic features of the renal tumours most often seen in clinical practice.Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is a chronic disorder categorized by hyperglycemia due to insulin resistance of cells. T2DM can cause many micro or macrovascular complications. Metformin, a biguanides derivative, has multiple benefits except anti-hyperglycemia effect, comprising amelioration blood cholesterol levels, blood pressure and depressing vascular complications accompanied with T2DM. It is proposed that metformin act via adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) -dependent or -independent approaches. The mechanisms by which metformin regulates glycemic level in T2DM are complex. In addition to its peripheral effects on insulin resistance and glycogenesis, metformin has direct beneficial effect on the beta-cell secretion. A large part of the metabolic advantages of metformin can be related to effects on gastrointestinal glucose uptake and the interaction of metformin with numerous new objects for glucose depressing in the gastrointestinal tract, including the incretin receptors, bile salt transporters and the gut microbiota. Tubular atrophy and interstitial fibrosis mark the final stage in most forms of progressive kidney diseases. Little is known regarding changes in the tubular proteome. In this study, we investigated changes in the tubular proteome of normal or minimally damaged tubular tissue in the non-clipped kidney from rats with two-kidney one-clip (2K1C) hypertension.Formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded kidney sections from four 2K1C rats with hypertensive kidney damage and 6 sham rats were used. Tubulointerstitial tissue without discernable interstitial expansion or pronounced tubular alterations was microdissected and this was assumed to represent an early stage of chronic tubular damage in 2K1C. Samples were analyzed by mass spectrometry and relative protein abundances were compared between 2K1C and sham.A total of 1,160 proteins were identified with at least 2 unique peptides, allowing for relative quantitation between samples. Among these, 151 proteins were more abundant, and 192 proteins were less abundant in 2K1C compared with sham. Transgelin, vimentin and creatine kinase B-type were among the proteins that were most increased in 2K1C. Ingenuity Pathway Analysis showed increased abundance of proteins related to Rho signaling and protein turnover (eIF2 signaling and protein ubiquitination), and decreased abundance of proteins related to fatty acid β-oxidation.Tubular tissue from normal or minimally damaged hypertensive kidney damage demonstrate extensive proteomic changes with upregulation of pathways associated with progressive kidney damage, such as Rho signaling and protein turnover. Thus, proteomics presents itself to be a promising tool for the discovery of early damage markers from not yet morphologically visible tubular damage.Cortical, medullary and papillary T and T water proton relaxation times were measured at 37°C, 20 MHz. The measurements were made using kidneys from rats affected by many forms of experimental acute renal failure (ARF), namely acute hemorrhagic hypovolemia, angiotensin II administration, antidiuretic hormone (ADH) administration, glycerol, and other nephrotoxins (gentamicin, cisplatinum, cyclosporine), renal artery occlusion for different periods of time, and ureteral ligation. From the T and PW (percent tissue water content) the bound water (FB) and HF (percent water bound/g solid) were calculated according to a fast proton diffusion model. In most experimental models studied, the experiments were repeated following paramagnetic enhancement with GdDTPA administration (70 mmol/kg BW). By profiling the deviations from normal, it was possible to differentiate the ischemic (shortened T prolonged T), obstructive (very high T and T in both cortex and medulla) and nephrotoxic (prolonged T) forms of ARF Significant changes in free/bound water compartments occurred, though their biological significance is unknown. T and T ratios before and after paramagnetic enhancement correlated well with estimates of glomerular filtration rate. In the first minutes following acute hemorrhagic hypovolemia, the intrarenal water distribution remained unchanged. After GdDTPA significant water proton T and T changes characterized the immediate posthemor-rhagic state similar to the effect of ADH. This review considers anew the etiology of the cardio-renal protective effect of sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors by extending the discussion to renal congestion, inherent in diabetic kidney disease (DKD) even at an early stage of nephropathy in which heart failure (HF) or salt and water accumulation is asymptomatic.The interstitial fluid (IF) space of the kidney space plays a crucial role for tubulointerstitial inflammation, renal hypoxia, and ischemic injury, which often leads to renal progression. In DKD, as a result of hyperglycemic milieu, excessive salt and water can be accumulated in the IF space, creating renal congestion. I hypothesize that SGLT2 inhibitors cause a shift in extracellular water from the IF space to the intravascular space to compensate for the SGLT2 inhibitor-induced hypovolemia. This decrease in IF volume ameliorates the IF space milieu and may reduce inflammation, hypoxia, and ischemic injury.The present review proposes a novel theory; unlike other hypoglycemic agents or diuretics, SGLT2 inhibitor could protect DKD from failing by improving latent renal congestion even without symptomatic HF.Introduction: The mortality rate from chronic kidney disease (CKD) at all ages has increased worldwide. It is possible to eliminate the progression of CKD, as it can be treated with early diagnosis and treatment. Objectives: This research aims to study the changes in the stages of the disease and clinical outcomes in patients with the third and fourth stages of CKD. Patients and Methods: This research is a retrospective analytic study in patients diagnosed with third- and fourth-stage of CKD at the Tha Chang Hospital, Thailand. The research sample consisted of 169 medical records of a small population with a confidence level of 0.95. Research data were collected between October 2019 and March 2021. Data analysis utilized frequency, percentage, paired t test, and Wilcoxon signed-rank test. Results: The results revealed that after one year of attending the clinic, the average systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), triglyceride (TG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), uric acid, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), and urine microalbumin had no differences. However, the average body mass index (BMI), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and serum creatinine (sCr) showed statistically significant differences at P0.05. Most patients with CKD were in stable health conditions and disease stage (87.57%). Conclusion: The third and fourth-stage CKD care model could be achieved by the multidisciplinary care team and requires a strategy that is sustainable in addition to continuous care by involving a family member and caregiver in the community. Hypoxia is an acknowledged pathway to renal injury and ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) and is known to reduce renal oxygen tension (Po). We hypothesized that renal I/R increases oxidative damage and induces mitochondrial uncoupling, resulting in increased oxygen consumption and hence kidney hypoxia. Lewis rats underwent syngenic renal transplantation (TX) and contralateral nephrectomy. Controls were uninephrectomized (1K-CON) or left untreated (2K-CON). After 7 days, urinary excretion of protein and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances were measured, and after 14 days glomerular filtration rate (GFR), renal blood flow, whole kidney Qo cortical Po, kidney cortex mitochondrial uncoupling, renal oxidative damage, and tubulointerstitial injury were assessed. TX, compared with 1K-CON, resulted in mitochondrial uncoupling mediated via uncoupling protein-2 (16 ± 3.3 vs. 0.9 ± 0.4 pmol O·mg protein, P0.05) and increased whole kidney Qo (55 ± 16 vs. 33 ± 10 μmol O/min, P0.05). Corticomedullary Po was lower in TX compared with 1K-CON (30 ± 13 vs. 47 ± 4 μM, P0.05) whereas no significant difference was observed between 2K-CON and 1K-CON rats. Proteinuria, oxidative damage, and the tubulointerstitial injury score were not significantly different in 1K-CON and TX. Treatment of donors for 5 days with mito-TEMPO reduced mitochondrial uncoupling but did not affect renal hemodynamics, Qo Po, or injury. Collectively, our results demonstrate increased mitochondrial uncoupling as an early event after experimental renal transplantation associated with increased oxygen consumption and kidney hypoxia in the absence of increases in markers of damage. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in patients with end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) on dialysis, peri-transplant, and after transplantation. The coexistence of traditional cardiovascular risk factors with superimposed renal disease- and transplantation-related risk factors such as uraemia, vascular calcification, inflammation, electrolyte abnormalities, volume shifts, transplant surgery, infections, and immunosuppression makes assessment and treatment more complex when compared with patients without renal disease. For coronary artery disease, evidence suggests less benefit in ESKD and renal transplant patients compared to those with milder renal dysfunction of traditional primary and secondary prevention strategies including angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin receptor blockers, beta blockers, statins, and antiplatelet agents. Prevention of sudden cardiac death is difficult and the use of implantable cardioverter defibrillators in ESKD patients is being investigated. The diagnosis of myocardial ischaemia in patients with ESKD is challenging given the frequent lack of typical symptoms, abnormal baseline electrocardiograms, and the reduced sensitivity of troponin measurements. Screening for CVD in asymptomatic dialysis patients awaiting transplantation is controversial. Non-invasive screening is recommended for those with significant risk factors although the test of choice is unclear. Positive stress-testing is predictive of cardiac events and death and must be investigated with coronary angiography. Once significant coronary artery disease is diagnosed, the optimal choice of revascularization strategy remains unclear. Coronary artery bypass grafting may be superior to angioplasty with stenting in ESKD and transplant patients. Many questions remain unsatisfactorily answered and much research is required to develop optimal strategies to manage CVD in ESKD and kidney transplant patients.The incidence and mortality rate of kidney disease and its progression to end-stage disease have predominantly increased worldwide. Other morbid conditions, such as diabetes and hypertension, are major risk factors for kidney disease. Detection of kidney disease is difficult due to its heterogeneity and complex pathophysiology. Kidney injury and advanced stages of the disease are currently assessed by traditional biomarkers such as serum creatinine, albuminuria, proteinuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate. Numerous biomarkers derived from the kidney involved in endothelial dysfunction, inflammatory processes and tubular cell damage are potential targets for disease progression management. The review summarized potential biomarkers of chronic kidney disease (CKD) to improve patient care in various clinical practices with an increased focus on loss of kidney function. Over a decade ago, guidelines were established to aid health professionals in the diagnosis of chronic kidney disease and remove regional variations in practice. However, these guidelines did not account for gender differences and age-related factors. Graham Cope explores the evidence available to support the idea that chronic kidney disease is being diagnosed inappropriately, especially in elderly patients. Pediatric rheumatologic diseases are rare systemic diseases that can involve various organs, including the kidneys. Each rheumatologic disease can exhibit characteristic renal involvement, which requires proper treatment and diagnosis. In this review, we discuss renal involvement in classic rheumatologic diseases, including juvenile idiopathic arthritis, Sjogren's syndrome, systemic sclerosis, and juvenile dermatomyositis. Reviews addressing lupus nephritis and antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated renal disease are complex and tend to cover a wide array of topics, and thus were excluded from this review.Background: Renal tubular acidosis (RTA) is caused by various disruptions to the secretion of H+ by distal renal tubules and/or dysfunctional reabsorption of HCO3- by proximal renal tubules, which causes renal acidification dysfunction, ultimately leading to a clinical syndrome characterized by hyperchloremic metabolic acidosis with a normal anion gap. With the development of molecular genetics and gene sequencing technology, inherited RTA has also attracted attention, and an increasing number of RTA-related pathogenic genes have been discovered and reported. Summary: This paper focuses on the latest progress in the research of inherited RTA and systematically reviews the pathogenic genes, protein functions, clinical manifestations, internal relationship between genotypes and clinical phenotypes, diagnostic clues, differential diagnosis, and treatment strategies associated with inherited RTA. This paper aims to deepen the understanding of inherited RTA and reduce the missed diagnosis and misdiagnosis of RTA. Key Messages: This review systematically summarizes the pathogenic genes, pathophysiological mechanisms, differential diagnosis and treatment of different types of inherited renal tubular acidosis, which has good clinical value for guiding the diagnosis and treatment of inherited renal tubular acidosis. Although primary localised tumours of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) can be treated relatively successfully with surgery, metastatic RCC has poor prognosis because of late diagnosis and resistance to therapies. In the present study, we were interested in profiling the protein expression of “inhibitor of caspase-activated DNase” (ICAD), an apoptosis inhibitor, in kidney cancer and its paired normal kidney. Immunohistochemistry with automated batch staining and morphometry using digital pathology were used to compare ICAD in 121 RCC specimens with their paired normal kidney tissue. Tissue microarray of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded archival tissue was used. Intensity and localisation of ICAD were compared between normal and cancer samples, and against grading within the cancers. The results demonstrated that, in this cohort, ICAD was highly expressed in the proximal tubular epithelium of normal kidney, and significantly decreased in clear cell RCC tissue (p0.05) as well as other subtypes of RCC (p0.01) compared with normal kidney. There was a tendency towards nuclear localisation of ICAD in clear cell RCC, but not in other subtypes of RCC. No significant association was found between ICAD intensity and grade of RCC. In summary, down-regulation of ICAD occurs in RCC. ICAD normally inhibits DNA fragmentation and apoptosis; thus, its down-regulation was unexpected in a cancer known for its resistance to apoptosis. However, these RCC samples were from primary, not metastatic, RCC sites, and down-regulated ICAD may be part of a progressive pathway that promotes RCC metastasis.This protocol explains how to apply a segmentation model to autofluorescence microscopy images to find kidney functional tissue units (FTUs). Currently the model allows for segmentation of glomeruli, proximal tubules, thick ascending limb, distal tubules, and collecting ducts. Rats with subtotal nephrectomy (5/6NPX) rapidly develop systemic hypertension and proteinuria. The aim of our study was to evaluate the changes in oxidative stress parameters after 2 and 4 weeks of treatment with renin-angiotensin system (RAS)-blocking agent losartan and beta-blocking agent atenolol in experimental chronic renal failure (CRF).After 5/6NPX, rats were immediately treated with losartan or atenolol. The lipid peroxidation (LPO) products malondialdehyde and 4-hydroxyalkenals and oxidized and reduced glutathione values were measured in the renal cortex tissue and in blood; isoprostanes in urine.There were no differences in the blood pressure values, serum creatinine levels or in daily proteinuria using both antihypertensive treatments. Losartan treatment lowered significantly LPO in kidney tissue after 2 and 4 weeks of treatment compared with untreated and atenolol-treated animals and induced the decrease of excretion of isoprostanes in urine at the end of the study. There was no ameliorating impact of losartan or atenolol observed in the blood status of oxidative stress in this period of time.In the early period of experimental CRF, losartan treatment but not atenolol treatment induces significant decline in LPO grade in the kidney tissue of nephrectomized rats. RAS blockade in the kidney influences local tissue LPO in a much greater extent than in blood.Animal studies suggest that renal tissue hypoxia plays an important role in the development of renal damage in hypertension and renal diseases, yet human data were scarce due to the lack of noninvasive methods. Over the last decade, blood oxygenation level-dependent magnetic resonance imaging (BOLD-MRI), detecting deoxyhemoglobin in hypoxic renal tissue, has become a powerful tool to assess kidney oxygenation noninvasively in humans. This paper provides an overview of BOLD-MRI studies performed in patients suffering from essential hypertension or chronic kidney disease (CKD). In line with animal studies, acute changes in cortical and medullary oxygenation have been observed after the administration of medication (furosemide, blockers of the renin-angiotensin system) or alterations in sodium intake in these patient groups, underlining the important role of renal sodium handling in kidney oxygenation. In contrast, no BOLD-MRI studies have convincingly demonstrated that renal oxygenation is chronically reduced in essential hypertension or in CKD or chronically altered after long-term medication intake. More studies are required to clarify this discrepancy and to further unravel the role of renal oxygenation in the development and progression of essential hypertension and CKD in humans.Background. Adrenal rest (AR) is the presence of ectopic adrenal cortical tissue, often identified incidentally during autopsy (20% of postmortem examination). In the kidney, AR can be found in 6% of the general population. Ectopic adrenal tissue is of no functional significance but may in some cases, pose a diagnostic challenge for the pathologist, especially in the context of renal clear cell renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and small needle biopsies. Aim. To investigate the utility of immunohistochemical stains in distinguishing AR from RCC. Methods. Archival cases of AR, in our institution, were reviewed and compared with a cohort of RCC cases using a panel of immunohistochemical stains, including PAX2, PAX8, calretinin, and inhibin. Results. Nine of 10 (90%) cases of AR showed positive staining for inhibin and negative staining for calretinin, PAX2 and PAX8. One AR case was positive for PAX2 and PAX8 in addition to inhibin. All (100%) RCC cases were positive for PAX2 and PAX8, but negative for inhibin and calretinin. Conclusions. A panel of PAX2, PAX8 and inhibin may be useful markers for distinguishing AR from RCC. Calretinin was noncontributory in our study. Mounting evidence indicates that aldose reductase catalyzed reduction of excess glucose to sorbitol initiates the onset of certain diabetic complications. However, the kidney contains a large amount of aldehyde reductase, another NADPH-dependent reductase. The study was designed to assess the importance of these reductases to sugar alcohol (polyol) production in the kidney. To study the ability to reduce aldoses to polyols, both aldose and aldehyde reductases were purified from rat kidneys. Incubation studies with purified enzymes clearly demonstrated the polyol formation by both enzymes. Galactose feeding induced polyol accumulation in both medulla and cortex of the rat kidney. Al 1576, a potent inhibitor of both enzymes, reduced this polyol accumulation in both cortex and medulla, while the selective inhibitors Ponalrestat or FK 366 resulted in greater inhibition in medulla than cortex. These results suggest that kidney polyols may be generated by both aldose and aldehyde reductases and that aldehyde reductase contributes to polyol production in the kidney cortex, the predominant site of diabetes-linked kidney lesions. This study evaluates the direct effects of verapamil and furosemide infused into the unilateral renal artery on renal function and the renin secretion rate in renal vein-catheterized rabbits. Catheterization did not alter the renal function parameters of the kidney. Verapamil and furosemide increased renal blood flow, urine flow, and urinary sodium, potassium and chloride excretions confined to the infused kidney. Verapamil increased the glomerular filtration rate and free water clearance. The renin secretion rate was increased by furosemide but not by verapamil. The present study shows that the technique is applicable to renal function studies in which unilateral renal arterial infusion of the agents studied is required. The contralateral kidney can be a reliable control for the infused kidney. It also provides a useful technique for the study of renin release in rabbits.The effects of isotonic volume expansion on efferent and afferent renal nervous activities and on some renal functional parameters were investigated in anaesthetized rats. Volume expansion resulted in a decrease of efferent neural traffic and in an increase of afferent activity. Water and sodium excretion were elevated without changes in the glomerular filtration rate. No quantitative correlation between the changes of sodium output and neural activity could be shown, and the increased central venous pressure did not seem to be the only determinant of the decreased efferent activity.. Retrospective study was designed to examine the importance of tissue kidney injury molecule-1 (KIM-1) expression in predicting kidney function in sixty patients (27 males) aged 34.15 ± 12.23 years with different kidney diseases over three years after kidney biopsy.Materials and Methods. Tissue KIM-1 expression was determined immunohistochemically and KIM-1 staining was scored semiquantitatively, as well as tubulointerstitialis (TIN), inflammation, atrophy, and fibrosis. Kidney function (MDRD formula) and proteinuria/day were evaluated at the time of biopsy (GFR0) and 6, 12, 24, and 36 months later.. Significantly positive correlations between tissue KIM-1 expression and age (<mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M1">), TIN inflammation (<mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M2">), fibrosis (<mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M3">), and proteinuria at 6 months (<mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M4">) as well as negative correlations with GFR0 (<mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M5">), GFR6 (<mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M6">), GFR24 (<mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M7">), and GFR36 (<mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M8">) were found. Meanwhile, TIN inflammation was the best predictor of all measured kidney functions during three years, while tissue KIM-1 expression (<mml:math xmlns:mml="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="M9">) was a predictor only at 6 months after biopsy.. Tissue KIM-1 expression significantly predicts kidney function solely at 6 months after biopsy, when the effects of immune and nonimmune treatments are the strongest. Acute kidney injury (AKI) is one of the leading causes of in-hospital morbidity and mortality, particularly in critically ill patients. Although our understanding of AKI at the molecular level remains limited due to its complex pathophysiology, recent advances in both quantitative and spatial mass spectrometric approaches offer new opportunities to assess the significance of renal metabolomic changes in AKI models. In this study, we evaluated lipid changes in early ischemia-reperfusion (IR)-related AKI in mice by using sequential window acquisition of all theoretical spectra (SWATH)-mass spectrometry (MS) lipidomics. We found a significant increase in two abundant ether-linked phospholipids following IR at 6 h postinjury, a plasmanyl choline, phosphatidylcholine (PC) O-38:1 (O-18:0, 20:1), and a plasmalogen, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) O-42:3 (O-20:1, 22:2). Both of these lipids correlated with the severity of AKI as measured by plasma creatinine. In addition to many more renal lipid changes associated with more severe AKI, PC O-38:1 elevations were maintained at 24 h post-IR, while renal PE O-42:3 levels decreased, as were all ether PEs detected by SWATH-MS at this later time point. To further assess the significance of this early increase in PC O-38:1, we used matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization imaging mass spectrometry (MALDI-IMS) to determine that it occurred in proximal tubules, a region of the kidney that is most prone to IR injury and also rich in the rate-limiting enzymes involved in ether-linked phospholipid biosynthesis. Use of SWATH-MS lipidomics in conjunction with MALDI-IMS for lipid localization will help in elucidating the role of lipids in the pathobiology of AKI. It is well established that patients who develop acute kidney injury (AKI) are at increased risk for progression to chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, by the time AKI is clinically recognized, a sequence of events with potential to repair the injury or propagate further damage to the renal parenchyma is already initiated. The outcome of the repair process depends on adaptive and maladaptive influences at the cellular level. Progression to CKD after AKI is the result of imbalance in favor of maladaptive repair, which culminates in the development of interstitial fibrosis. Various biochemical pathways are implicated in this process and may lend themselves to potential therapeutic targets for intervention in the transition from AKI to CKD. Emerging methods, including injury-specific biomarkers for the earlier detection of subclinical disease, show promise for use in combination with clinical factors and functional markers to stratify patient risk for CKD progression after AKI.We previously developed a renal pressure-mediated transfection method (renal pressure method) as a kidney-specific in vivo gene delivery system. However, additional information on selecting other injection routes and applicable animals remains unclear. In this study, we selected renal arterial and ureteral injections as local administration routes and evaluated the characteristics of gene delivery such as efficacy, safety, and distribution in pressured kidney of rat. Immediately after the naked pDNA injection, via renal artery or ureter, the left kidney of the rat was pressured using a pressure controlling device. Transfection efficiency of the pressured kidney was about 100-fold higher than that of the injection only group in both administration routes. The optimal pressure intensity in the rat kidney was 1.2 N/cm2 for renal arterial injection and 0.9 N/cm2 for ureteral injection. We found that transgene expression site differs according to administration route: cortical fibroblasts and renal tubule in renal arterial injection and cortical and medullary tubule and medullary collecting duct in ureteral injection. This is the first report to demonstrate that the renal pressure method can also be effective, after renal arterial and ureteral injections, in rat kidney. This report introduces the launch of an online course, Enhancing practice in kidney care, a renal nursing course developed by the Association of Nephrology Nurses (ANN) UK This study reviews the renal aspects of diuretic resistance occurring in diuretic treatment, mostly with loop diuretics of congestive heart failure. A short discussion on the different classes of diuretics, including the recently introduced sodium-glucose transporter 2 inhibitors, and their mechanism of action in the nephron is provided, followed by a summary of recent data discussing the different causes and pathophysiological mechanisms of diuretic resistance. The major cause of diuretic resistance appears to be localized within the distal tubule. Traditionally, the concept of compensatory post-diuretic sodium reabsorption (CPDSR) was considered the major cause of diuretic resistance; however, recent studies have disputed this traditional concept and demonstrated that patients with congestive heart failure are in constant sodium-avid state. Finally, the different options of therapeutic strategies, combining different classes of diuretics are summarized.Meprin metalloproteases have been implicated in the pathophysiology of diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Single-nucleotide polymorphisms in the meprin-β gene have been associated with DKD in Pima Indians, a Native American ethnic group with an extremely high prevalence of DKD. In African American men with diabetes, urinary meprin excretion positively correlated with the severity of kidney injury. In mice, meprin activity decreased at the onset of diabetic kidney injury. Several studies have identified meprin targets in the kidney. However, it is not known how proteolytic processing of the targets by meprins impacts the metabolite milieu in kidneys. In the present study, global metabolomics analysis identified differentiating metabolites in kidney tissues from wild-type and meprin-β knockout mice with streptozotocin (STZ)-induced type 1 diabetes. Kidney tissues were harvested at 8 wk post-STZ and analyzed by hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography ultra-performance liquid chromatography-quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry. Principal component analysis identified 200 peaks associated with diabetes. Meprin expression-associated metabolites with strong variable importance of projection scores were indoxyl sulfate, N-γ-l-glutamyl-l-aspartic acid, N-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide, inosine, and cis-5-decenedioic acid. N-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide has been previously implicated in kidney injury, and its isomers, 4-PY and 2-PY, are markers of peroxisome proliferation and inflammation that correlate with creatinine clearance and glucose tolerance. Meprin deficiency-associated differentiating metabolites with high variable importance of projection scores were cortisol, hydroxymethoxyphenylcarboxylic acid- O-sulfate, and isovaleryalanine. The data suggest that meprin-β activity enhances diabetic kidney injury in part by altering the metabolite balance in kidneys, favoring high levels of uremic toxins such as indoxyl sulfate and N-methyl-pyridone-carboxamide.Within the last few decades, the incidence and prevalence of both hepatitis B and C infections have decreased among kidney disease patients. Significant advances have been made in the prevention of hepatitis B and C virus transmission in these high-risk populations; however, the transmission risk is still not negligible. Viral hepatitis infections represent a significant problem among kidney disease patients; patients on regular dialysis, as well as renal transplant recipients (RTRs) due to their epidemiological, virological, and clinical features. Chronic hepatitis B and C have a strong impact on the clinical course of kidney disease as well as on the clinical course after kidney transplantation. The purpose of this review is to focus on the epidemiology, transmission modes, natural courses, and treatment options of hepatitis B and C infections in both chronic kidney disease patients and RTRs.Chronic kidney disease (CKD) worldwide is rising markedly becoming a priority public health problem. The progression of CKD cause functional limitation and severe disability with poor quality of life. The aim of present review was to highlight the effect of rehabilitation in CKD and ESRD subjects. The rehabilitative process is unique in treating disabled people according to a holistic approach with the aim of supporting a person's independent living and autonomy. CKD are associated with an increased risk of functional impairment, independent of age, gender, and co-morbidities. Clinicians should counsel patients with CKD including frail elder people to increase physical activity levels and target that regular physical activity including aerobic or endurance exercises training benefits health. In old subjects with CKD and multiple functional impairments, the traditional disease based model should be changed to individualized patient-centered approach that prioritizes patient preferences. Patients receiving haemodialysis have a considerably lower exercise tolerance, functional capacity, and more muscle wasting than healthy subjects or patients with less severe CKD. Exercise training or comprehensive multi-dimensional strategy and goal-oriented intervention should be also provided in ESRD older subjects. Structured prevention programs based on reducing the risk factors for CKD and rehabilitative strategies could reduce disability occurrence. Residual renal function (RRF), defined as the ability of native kidneys to eliminate water and uremic toxins, is closely correlated with mortality and morbidity rates among patients receiving either peritoneal dialysis (PD) or hemodialysis (HD) via continuous clearance of middle-sized molecules and protein-bound solutes. Therefore, preserving RRF is considered to be one of the primary goals in managing patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Summary and Key Messages: In this article, we provide a review on the understanding and management of RRF in patients on dialysis. RRF may be estimated and measured by calculating the mean 24-hour urine creatinine level and urea clearance. Currently, several middle-sized molecules are reported but rarely used in practice. Many risk factors such as original renal diseases, dietary intake, and nephrotoxic agents impair RRF. Targeting such factors may halt the decline in RRF and offer better outcomes for patients on PD or HD. Except for in PD patients, RRF is a powerful predictor of survival in HD patients. RRF requires more clinical and research attention in the care of patients with ESRD on dialysis.Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a commonly recognized clinical problem after many morbid conditions related to heart like congenital heart disease surgery, acute or chronic congestive heart failure, acute myocardial infarction, infective endocarditis or cardiomyopathies. Cardio-renal syndrome (CRS) includes a spectrum of disorders involving both the heart and kidneys simultaneously; here acute or chronic dysfunction in one organ may induce acute or chronic dysfunction in the other.To report here, case series of patients with AKI developing in association with CRS. We aim to report different causes of CRS and outcome of patients in this group of patients. Patients and Methods: Subjects for the study reported here comprised a cohort of 34 patients coming to this institution with AKI in association of CRS. AKI was defined according to KDIGO guidelines and CRS based on consensus conference of ADQI in 2012. Type 1or type2 CRS are included in the study. All patients had normal size kidneys on ultrasonography.Thirty-four patients with AKI and CRS were brought to this institute from January 1990 to December 2014; this was contributing 1% to medical causes of total AKI. Among these 25 were males and 9 females; mean age of these patients was 54.06±14.106 years. Causes of CRS were acute myocardial infarction (ST elevated), congestive cardiac failure, infective endocarditis and dilated cardiomyopathy. More than two third of patients were either oliguric or anuric on presentation. Fluid replacement and/or inotropic support required in 79%. Renal replacement therapy in form of hemodialysis was conducted in 64.7% and intermittent peritoneal dialysis in one patient. Complete renal recovery was observed in 19 (56%) patients, while 12 (35%) died during acute phase of illness. CKD-V developed in one patient, 2 patients lost long term follow up, but became dialysis free and renal functions were in improving trends, they were labeled as partial recovery. Secondary insults like hypotension, aggressive diuresis, and volume loss from gastro-intestinal tract or infection were evaluated for any co-relation with outcome but statistically no significant difference was found.CRS can be severe life-threatening condition especially when patients present with circulatory collapse. Diuretics must be used cautiously in patients with congestive cardiac failure. Infective endocarditis with acute right heart failure can lead to CRS.  The British Renal Society Conference will take place during UK Kidney Week and will be jointly hosted by the Renal Association. With over 50 renal care professionals from around the UK, including several nurses, the four-day programme offers several interesting, relevant sessions. Natasha Devan gives renal nurses a preview of the week's agenda and poster highlights. The Western-style diet is characterized by its highly processed and refined foods and high contents of sugars, salt, and fat and protein from red meat. It has been recognized as the major contributor to metabolic disturbances and the development of obesity-related diseases including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Also, the Western-style diet has been associated with an increased incidence of chronic kidney disease (CKD). A combination of dietary factors contributes to the impairment of renal vascularization, steatosis and inflammation, hypertension, and impaired renal hormonal regulation. This review addresses recent progress in the understanding of the association of the Western-style diet with the induction of dyslipidemia, oxidative stress, inflammation, and disturbances of corticosteroid regulation in the development of CKD. Future research needs to distinguish between acute and chronic effects of diets with high contents of sugars, salt, and fat and protein from red meat, and to uncover the contribution of each component. Improved therapeutic interventions should consider potentially altered drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics and be combined with lifestyle changes. A clinical assessment of the long-term risks of whole-body disturbances is strongly recommended to reduce metabolic complications and cardiovascular risk in kidney donors and patients with CKD.The role of renal nerves on renal and cardiovascular responses to adenosine administration and/or acute NO synthase inhibition was investigated. Conscious male Wistar rats with implanted catheters in femoral artery for blood pressure registration, femoral vein for drug infusion and bladder for urine collection were used. Adenosine was applied i.v. (1.0 mg/kg BW bolus) followed by infusion of 0.1 mg/kg·min, and/or nitric oxide synthase inhibition (NOSI) was performed by i.v. administration of 10 mg/kg BW N-Ω-nitro--arginine methyl ester (L-NAME) before and 1 week after bilateral renal denervation (BRD). NOSI decreased HR and increased SAP, MAP and DAP both in intact and BRD rats. Baroreflex sensitivity increased in intact and BRD rats. Adenosine did not change HR, blood pressure or baroreflex sensitivity in intact as well as BRD rats. NOSI increased V, VU and VU in intact rats but decreased V and did not alter VU and VU in BRD rats. Adenosine increased V, VU and C in intact rats but did not change renal excretory function in BRD rats. Combined application of adenosine and L-NAME led to a dramatic increase of V, VU, VU and C in intact rats. However, VU and VU in BRD rats were lower as compared to intact rats. Therefore, changes in renal excretory function seen after NOSI are not exclusively the result of pressure diuresis and natriuresis but in some way are dependent on renal nerves. Renal denervation attenuates the renal excretory response to adenosine. Sympathetic nervous system is important in mediating the effects of adenosine and/or NO on renal excretory function. Renal denervation did not change the pattern of baroreflex sensitivity after adenosine and/or L-NAME administration.The paper by Jardine et al. reporting results from the South African Renal Registry describes a 2-fold success. First, even in a limited-resource environment, survival of patients on renal replacement therapy (RRT) is favourable. Secondly, this information is available because a few years ago, South African nephrologists started a renal registry. These successes cannot conceal, however, that numerous patients are not offered RRT. Robust health information systems make it possible to define chronic kidney disease and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) burdens, guide resource allocation, inform service planning and enable policy. Registries can highlight inequitable RRT access and help support advocacy in favour of additional resources for ESKD care. Hyperkalemia blunts Na reabsorption along the nephron, and increased CNT Na delivery facilitates K secretion. The model suggests that tubuloglomerular feedback limits transmission of proximal effects past the macula densa, so that it is DCT transport that is critical. Hyperkalemia also reduces PCT ammoniagenesis, which enhances K excretion. The model suggests a mechanism, namely, that reduced cortical ammonia impacts CNT transport by raising cell pH and thus increasing both ENaC and ROMK conductance. To determine how endothelins affect regional kidney blood flow and responses to increased renal artery pressure (RAP), an extracorporeal circuit was established to control RAP independent of the mean systemic arterial pressure (MAP). RAP was first set at ∼65 mm Hg, and endothelin-1 (1 ng/kg/min for 30 min then 0.4 ng/kg/min) or vehicle was infused into the renal artery, or the ET antagonist TAK-044 (3 mg/kg plus 3 mg/kg/h) or vehicle was administered intravenously. RAP was then progressively increased in steps from ∼65 to ∼160 mm Hg. When RAP was ∼65 mm Hg, endothelin-1 increased renal vascular resistance (RVR, 72%), and reduced cortical (CBF, 26%) but not medullary blood flow (MBF). TAK-044 reduced MAP (12%) and RVR (15%) and increased CBF (21%) but not MBF. When RAP was increased, renal blood flow (RBF), glomerular filtration rate, and urine and sodium excretion increased, while MAP fell. These responses were unaffected by endothelin-1. TAK-044 potentiated the increases in RBF and reductions in MAP in response to increased RAP, but did not affect urine and sodium excretion. Plasma renin activity was reduced by endothelin-1 and increased by TAK-044. Thus, both exogenous and endogenous endothelins reduce CBF but not MBF, and reduce plasma renin activity, but neither affect pressure natriuresis.The ANG II receptor 1 (ATR) level in the nonclipped kidney of two-kidney, one-clip hypertension (2K1C) has shown to be unchanged despite a high circulating angiotensin (ANG) II level. To examine the vasoreactive response to ANG II in this kidney, injections of ANG II into renal artery were performed 6 wk after clipping of the kidney and compared with normotensive controls. The renal blood flow (RBF) response to 2.5 ng ANG II was measured by a Transonic transit-time flowmeter, before and after indomethacin and candesartan treatment, and analyzed by a computer program. The RBF response to 5 ng arginine-vasopressin (AVP) was examined for comparison with ANG II. The mRNA for ATand ATas well as Western blotting for ATR in renal resistance vessels were determined, and plasma renin activity (PRA) was measured. Systolic blood pressure was 183 ± 4 mmHg in 2K1C rats compared with 113 ± 1 mmHg in controls ( P0.001). PRA was significantly increased in 2K1C animals ( P0.05). Injection of ANG II reduced RBF with 10 ± 2% in the nonclipped kidney and 24 ± 3% in controls ( P0.001). After indomethacin, the RBF response increased from 10 ± 2 to 20 ± 3% ( P0.02) in 2K1C rats and from 24 ± 3 to 34 ± 6% in controls ( P0.01). The doses of candesartan needed to completely inhibit RBF response to ANG II were 30 μg/kg in the nonclipped kidney and 100 μg/kg in controls ( P0.001). Western blotting and mRNA for ATand ATin the nonclipped kidney were similar to the controls. The results indicate that despite no difference in total ATR levels, functional ATR is downregulated in the nonclipped kidney of 2K1C rats.This protocol can be used to dissociate adult human kidney “on ice” - maintaining authentic gene expression profiles. It was designed using a mix of Collagenases (Type 4, and A) which provide broad proteolytic activity, but preferentially cleave extracellular bonds, largely leaving cells intact. The total incubation time is 1 hour 20 minutes divided into two layers. At the end of the procedure, RBC lysis is performed. The total yield at the end of the procedure is ~1200 (non-RBC) cells released per mg tissue with 87% viability.In the digest mix, there is trypsin inhibitor from soybean which is designed to limit the activity of tryptic proteins in the collagenase mix which can damage the integrity of the cell. There is also 5 mM CaCl2, an activator of collagenase activity, in addition to DNAse - which chews up DNA released from dead cells, reducing cell clumping. The dissociation itself it carried out in two layers. The first layer is 30 minutes and includes trituration and shaking. After this layer, tissue clumps are settled for 1 min, and the supernatant containing released cells is removed and filtered using a 30 µM filter and rinsed with ice-cold PBS-BSA. This helps to preserve the integrity of released cells while continuing the digest clumps of undissociated cells. To the residual clumps, an additional 1 mL of enzyme mix is added and the digestion is continued for 50 additional minutes (1 hr 20 mins total time).Primary (AL amyloidosis) is a systemic disease characterized by an amyloid deposition process in many organs, with unsatisfactory survival of patients. The monoclonal light chains form the fibrils that deposit and accumulate in tissues. Renal involvement is very frequent in AL amyloidosis and could lead to development of nephrotic syndrome followed by the renal failure in many cases. Classic therapeutic combination melphalan and prednisone has been supplemented with drugs with different mechanisms of action in this group of patients: high-dose dexamethasone, high-dose dexamethasone with melphalan, combination of vincristine, doxorubicin, and dexamethasone or newly high-dose melphalan supported by peripheral blood stem cell transplantation. This progressive therapy leads to the better survival and prognosis in the majority of patients. Alternative therapeutic approaches include thalidomide (alone or in combination with cyclophosphamide), lenalidomide, iododoxorubicin, etanercept and rituximab. The development of immunotherapy is expected in the near future.Fungal infections involving the kidney are often a manifestation of disseminated fungal infection, although primary renal fungal infections do occur, usually from a lower urinary tract source or in the setting of renal transplantation.spp. cause the vast majority of these infections and are the representative pathogen for understanding the pathogenesis of these types of infections. The risk factors and mycology of acute renal candidiasis reflect those of invasive candidiasis. Unique risk factors are observed in chronic renal candidiasis, which manifests differently and requires distinct management approaches. This chapter discusses the spectrum of invasive mycoses involving the kidney, as well as those associated with chronic renal failure, dialysis, and renal transplantation.Background and AimsHyperuricosuria is well documented to get involved in the pathogenesis of kidney stone disease, especially uric acid (UA) and calcium oxalate (CaOx) types. Nevertheless, hyperuricosuria-induced alterations in renal tubular cells and cascade mechanisms that subsequently trigger kidney stone formation remained largely unknown. This study aimed to examine changes in cellular proteome and function in renal tubular cells after treatment with high-dose UA.MDCK cells were incubated with 3.5 mM uric acid for 48-h. Cellular proteins were extracted and subjected to quantitative proteomics analysis using 2-D PAGE followed by nanoLC-ESI-ETD MS/MS. The proteome data were confirmed by Western blotting, whereas functional analyses were performed using various assays.Quantitative proteomics analysis revealed significant changes in levels of 22 proteins in the UA-treated cells that were related to ATPase activity, mitochondrial transport, cell adhesion and molecule binding, cell projection organization and maintenance of location network, metabolic process, response to unfold proteins, and vesicle-mediated transport. Western blotting confirmed changes in levels of cellular proteins identified by quantitative proteomics. Functional assays revealed an increase in intracellular ATP level and enhancement of tissue repair capability in the UA-treated cells. Interestingly, isolation/purification of apical membranes followed by Western blotting showed the increased levels of HSP70 and HSP90 (the known receptors for CaOx crystals) on apical membranes of the UA-treated cells. CaOx crystal-cell adhesion assay revealed significant increase in CaOx-binding capability of the UA-treated cells, whereas neutralization of the surface HSP70 and HSP90 using their specific monoclonal antibodies caused significant reduction in such binding capability (even below the basal level).These findings highlighted changes in renal tubular cells in response to high-dose UA that might be related to the pathogenic mechanisms of kidney stone disease associated with hyperuricosuria.Purpose: Renal fibrosis (RF) is the necessary way for Chronic kidney disease (CKD) to develop to End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD). Patients with chronic kidney disease suffer from high morbidity and premature death due to various complications and even cancer. Therefore, this study aims to identify key genes in the pathogenesis of RF and Kidney Renal Clear Cell Carcinoma (KIRC).Method: We analyzed the gene expression characteristics of two databases (GSE6344 and GSE22459) and used geo2R tools to obtain the differentially expressed genes (DEG). Then, use Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery (DAVID) for Gene Ontology (GO) analysis and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) path analysis. Subsequently, we used the STRING database and built the protein-protein-interactions (PPI) network, the cytoHubba plug-ins of Cytoscape were used to select the hub. Then, we used The Cancer Genome Atlas(TCGA) database to verify hub genes and further screen out core genes. Then, TargetScanHuman, miRTarbase and miRWalk databases were used to reverse-predict targeted miRNA regulated by core genes and screen out core miRNA. mRNA and miRNA mutual aid network were established. At the same time, Gene Expression Profiling Interactive Analysis（GEPIA）database was used for survival analysis of screened core genes to find genes related to prognosis. Tumor Immune Estimation Resource（TIMER）database was used to evaluate the correlation between the expression of core genes and immune cell penetration. Then use the Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA) tool to analyze the LYZ gene, and finally use the Human Protein Atlas (HPA) online database to verify the expression level of the identified central gene. We filtered 2755 DEGs from the GSE6344 database, including 1292 upregulated DEGs and 1463 downregulated DEGs; 2552 DEGs were filtered from the GSE22459 database, including 2022 downregulated DEGs and 530 upregulated DEGs. We did functional enrichment analysis of down-regulated and up-regulated differential genes, Functional enrichment analysis of up-regulated genes shows that DEGs involves many functions and expression pathways. such as immune response, plasma membrane, membrane, integral component of plasma membrane, signal transduction, extracellular region and extracellular space. It is demonstrated in the PPI network constructed by 67 nodes (proteins) and 546 PPI edges (interactions); Functional enrichment analysis of down-regulated genes also shows that DEGs involves many functions and expression pathways. such as integral component of plasma membrane, plasma membrane, extracellular space and extracellular region. It is demonstrated in the PPI network constructed by 141 nodes (proteins) and 624 PPI edges (interactions). Then a gene LYZ was selected step by step in three rounds of validation through TCGA data set, GTEx data set, Timer database and HPA database. LYZ expression was significantly correlated with the immune infiltration levels of CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, Macrophage, Myeloid dendritic, Neutrophil and B cell. The upstream hub miRNA that regulate this gene were identified: has-miR-4649-3p and has-miR-873-3p. Based on these findings, it is proposed that LYZ may be a potential novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarker of KIRC at the mRNA and protein levels, and has-miR-4649-3p and has-miR-873-3p at the molecular level, and can help us better manage the progression of renal fibrosis. Our findings suggest that immune response, inflammation and other pathways play an extremely important role in RF and KIRC. LYZ, has-miR-4649-3p and has-miR-873-3p may become potential prognostic biomarkers of KIRC and contribute to the prevention and treatment of renal fibrosis, which also shows us a new therapeutic idea that provides the possibility to treat renal fibrosis from the perspective of immunity.Mediators released by apoptotic renal resident cells play a crucial role in modification of the inflammatory microenvironment. We have demonstrated that milk fat globule epidermal growth factor 8 (MFG-E8) is released by apoptotic cells, which results in reduced proinflammatory cytokine production by macrophages. The present study was designed to study the role of MFG-E8 on the modulation of tissue damage and macrophage phenotype in a renal inflammatory model, unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO). C57BL/6 WT or MFG-E8 KO mice underwent ureteral ligation for 3, 7, and 14 d to evaluate renal injury. MFG-E8 (30 µg/kg) or vehicle was also administered i.p. MFG-E8 administration reduced kidney damage and fibrosis compared with control, whereas its absence in MFG-E8 KO mice was associated with more severe disease. Moreover, MFG-E8 administration was associated with decreased inflammasome activation in the kidney. Furthermore, adoptive transfer of MFG-E8–stimulated macrophages reduced activation of inflammasome and tissue damage. In all cases, both the systemic administration of MFG-E8 and MFG-E8–treated macrophages promoted accumulation of anti-inflammatory CD206+ macrophages. We propose that the protective role of MFG-E8 is mediated through anti-inflammatory macrophage reprogramming which results in decreased inflammasome activation, preventing severe tissue damage. These data provide valuable insight for identification of MFG-E8 as a novel target in modulation of inflammatory diseases. Our understanding of the physiology of the renin-angiotensin system has advanced remarkably in the last decade as a result of the development of several pharmacologic agents that effectively block components of this humoral cascade. The use of these antagonists has also advanced our understanding of the contribution of the renin-angiotensin system to the development and maintenance of two-kidney, one-clip renal vascular hypertension. These antagonists have contributed greatly to the characterization of the systemic hemodynamic changes that occur in this model and, particularly, to the delineation of the behavior of the nonclipped kidney, a previously normal kidney that is subjected acutely to an environment of elevated systemic blood pressure and the input of a variety of other extrinsic influences. This kidney not only allows the blood pressure to increase and persist at elevated levels but appears to actively participate in the development and propagation of the hypertension. Although a variety of mechanisms impinge on the function of the nonclipped kidney in this model, the goal of this review is to analyze the behavior of this kidney and how its functional state is perturbed, primarily by the influence of angiotensin, which is believed to be delivered to it by the systemic circulation. BackgroundTo describe the renal microbiome and to determine differences of the renal microbiome in healthy and tumour-bearing parenchyma.Methods10 biopsies from patients undergoing laparoscopic nephrectomy for renal carcinoma with no history of urinary tract infections within the last 6 months were included in this study. The identification of all microorganisms was done using 16s DNA sequencing. The beta diversity analysis was performed by Bray - Curtis dissimilarity.ResultsIn all kidney samples, a plethora of microorganisms was found, with significant differences between benign and malignant renal tissue ( 0.0001).ConclusionsThere is evidence that healthy kidney tissue as well as renal cell cancer tissue have a specific microbiome, thus opening new perspectives in renal physiology and tumour pathogenesis.The purpose here is to examine in relation to normal renal function three factors which might affect tubular reabsorption:(1) The reabsorption of SO, PO, K, Cl, HCO and water are all linked to the reabsorptionof Na. This would amount to the reabsorption by the tubules of a net reabsorbate of acomposition similar to Locke’s fluid. Fixed linkage of the reabsorption of a substance to thereabsorption of Na would be a very effective way of maintaining its plasma concentrationwithin a narrow range. The substance would be retained unless its plasma concentrationexceeds a threshold value and then small increase in plasma concentration determines itsexcretion. (2). The rate of reabsorption of Na and substances linked to it is increased when the volume of the intraluminal fluid is increased. This would explain why there is only a small increase in the excretion of Na and other electrolytes when glomerular filtration rate is increased after a meal of meat. (3) Plasma protein concentration affects tubular reabsorption. This would explain why fall in plasma protein is a main agent determining Na excretion in normal animals.Trying to see ‘how far the observed facts can be brought into accord with a theory’ reveals the difficulty of applying critical tests. On the one hand, the theories are not stated quantitatively in reference to the small changes of normal life; rather the evidence is from experiments with large changes. On the other hand, the small changes within the range of normal function, while themselves statistically significant, are too small for effective investigation of circumstances which may modify them. In the examples discussed here, we cannot say more than that the theories could explain the facts and their participation cannot be excluded.Repeated adminisatration of triiodothyronine (T, 20 µg/l00 g b.w., once daily for 3 days) or dexamethasone (60 µg/l00 g b.w., once daily for 3 days) caused significant changes of amino acid plasma concentrations in young (10 days old) and adult rats (2 months old). After treatment with T, in young animals concentrations of β-alanine, aspartic acid, glutamic acid, ornithine, asparagine, leucine, taurine, serine, alanine, and glutamine were enhanced, whereas those of tyrosine, arginine, and threonine were significantly diminished. In adult rats only slight changes occurred after both T and dexamethasone. In the kidney, the reabsorbed fraction of amino acids was enhanced after both T and dexamethasone treatment in young rats, whereas in adult rats the two hormones were without influence on tubular reabsorption of amino acids. Taken together, both different plasma concentrations of amino acids and changes in amounts of amino acids reabsorbed in the tubuli, in adult rats the fractional excretion of amino acids was nearly unchanged following hormone treatment (exception: significant increase in taurine clearance). But in young animals the fractional excretion was reduced in 15 of 22 amino acids after dexamethasone and in 12 of 23 amino acids after T treatment, indicating stimulatory effects of both hormones on tubular amino acid carrier systems in immature animals.Not applicable Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is characterized by the presence of numerous fluid-filled cysts, extensive fibrosis, and the progressive decline in kidney function. Transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1), an important mediator for renal fibrosis and chronic kidney disease, is overexpressed by cystic cells compared with normal kidney cells; however, its role in PKD pathogenesis remains undefined. To investigate the effect of TGF-β1 on cyst growth, fibrosis, and disease progression, we overexpressed active TGF-β1 specifically in collecting ducts (CDs) of phenotypic normal ( Pkd1) and Pkd1 mice. In normal mice, CD-specific TGF-β1 overexpression caused tubule dilations by 5 wk of age that were accompanied by increased levels of phosphorylated SMAD3, α-smooth muscle actin, vimentin, and periostin; however, it did not induce overt cyst formation by 20 wk. In Pkd1 mice, CD overexpression of TGF-β1 increased cyst epithelial cell proliferation. However, extensive fibrosis limited cyst enlargement and caused contraction of the kidneys, leading to a loss of renal function and a shortened lifespan of the mice. These data demonstrate that TGF-β1-induced fibrosis constrains cyst growth and kidney enlargement and accelerates the decline of renal function, supporting the hypothesis that a combined therapy that inhibits renal cyst growth and fibrosis will be required to effectively treat ADPKD.  Sexual dimorphic variations are present in many aspects of biology and involve the structure and/or function of nearly every organ system. Acid-base homeostasis is critical for optimal health, and renal ammonia metabolism has a major role in the maintenance of acid-base homeostasis. Recent studies have shown sex-dependent differences in renal ammonia metabolism with regard to both basal ammonia excretion and the response to an exogenous acid load. These sexual dimorphisms are associated with structural changes in the proximal tubule and the collecting duct and variations in the expression of multiple proteins involved in ammonia metabolism and transport. Studies using orchiectomy-induced testosterone deficiency and physiological testosterone replacement have shown that testosterone underlies much of the sex-dependent differences in the proximal tubule. This parallels the finding that the canonical testosterone target receptor, androgen receptor (AR), is present exclusively in the proximal tubule. Thus testosterone, possibly acting through AR activation, regulates multiple components of renal structure and ammonia metabolism. The lack of detectable AR in the remainder of the nephron and collecting duct suggests that some dimorphisms in renal structure and ammonia transporter expression are mediated through mechanisms other than direct testosterone-dependent AR activation. A better understanding of the mechanism and biological implications of sex’s effect on renal structure and ammonia metabolism is critical for optimizing our ability to care for both men and women with acid-base disturbances.  Stephanie McNicoll recalls her journey from being diagnosed with immunoglobulin A nephropathy at the age of 22 years to undergoing surgery for an ABO-incompatible kidney transplant, and how her friends, family and the medical team have encouraged her to look forward to a positive future. In the late neonatal period of male Wistar rats (10 days old) concentrations in plasma were higher for 5 of 24 amino acids compared to adult animals (2 months old): β-alanine, tyrosine, glycine, histidine, and the dipeptide anserine. The plasma concentrations of tryptophan, valine and leucine were lower in young than in adult rats. The renal clearances of amino acids were lower in young rats, both in relation to 1 g b.w. and related to 1 g kidney weight. In the latter case the differences became more distinct because the relative kidney weight was higher in young than in adult animals (1.17 ± 0.07 vs. 0.82 ± 0.03 g/l00 g b.w.) and significant age differences in renal water content did not exist. The apparently more effective tubular reabsorption capacity in young rats can be explained as follows: Because of the significantly lower GFR in 10-day-old rats compared with adults (0.46 ± 0.03 vs. 1.10 ± 0.09 ml/ min/1 g kidney), the glomerularly filtered load of amino acids is generally lower in young rats (exceptions: tyrosine glycine). Therefore, the amino acid transporting carrier systems are able to reabsorb the absolutely lower amounts of amino acids from the ultrafiltrate in immature animals. This hypothesis is supported if one relates the renal amino acid clearance to the clearance of inulin. In this way it is possible to show that there are absolutely no differences between both age groups indicating mature transport systems for endogenous amino acids as early as in 10-day-old rats. The urinary excretion of amino acids in young and adult animals was less than 1-5% of the filtered load and age differences were not significant.The objective of this chapter is to provide a brief but comprehensive review of the pathologic features of renal disease in the native and transplanted kidney. A brief introduction describes the technical aspects of renal biopsy processing for pathologic examination. The main pathologic characteristics of light microscopy, immunofluorescence/immunohistochemistry, and electron microscopy are described for different glomerulopathies and for tubulointerstitial and vascular diseases in the native kidney, including minimal change disease, glomerular tip lesion, focal segmental glomerulosclerosism, membranous nephropathy, membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis, diabetes, hypertension, thrombotic microangiopathy, and renal disease associated with paraproteins and plasma cell dyscrasias. A separate section deals with the pathology of the renal allograft. Tables are included with summaries of current classification schemes for selected diseases.Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is the most common cause of ESRD in USA as well as in the world. The incidence and the prevalence of DKD have been increasing regardless of current intervention. The pathology of DKD is characterized by accumulation of extracellular matrix in GBM and mesangial area. The pathogenesis of DKD is multi-factorial including genetic, metabolic, and hemodynamic changes, which lead to activation of oxidative stress, inflammation, and fibrosis pathways in the diabetic kidney. Clinically, patients with DKD presents with glomerular hyperfiltration at early stage, then microalbuminuria, macroalbuminuria, and ESRD. However, the disease progression varies greatly among individual patients. Treatment of DKD is limited to hyperglycemic and blood pressure control and use of RAS blockade. Several new drugs such as SGLT2 inhibitors have been on phase 3 clinical trials but research is required to develop more effective drugs to treat DKD.Introduction: Kidney transplantation has been established as an effective treatment method for patients with end-stage renal disease. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of musculoskeletal complaints following kidney transplant. Patient and Methods: We designed a retrospective-descriptive study on kidney transplant recipients. This study was performed on medical records of 1189 kidney transplant patients referring to the kidney transplantation ward of Golestan hospital (Ahvaz, Iran). Results: The mean age of the participants was 42.8 ± 13.5 years. Out of the 1189 patients, 231 (22.3%) had musculoskeletal manifestations, with the most prevalent problem being non-inflammatory pain (41.4%). Additionally, degenerative joint disease, especially in the lumbar spine, was the most common clinical finding in this study (24%). Besides, hypovitaminose D (71.4%) and elevated parathyroid hormone levels (51.3%) and hyperuricemia (50.8%) were the most common laboratory abnormalities observed in our patients. Conclusion: Approximately 22.3% of our renal transplant patients had musculoskeletal manifestations. Attention to earlier detection of these manifestations through regular examinations would reduce the complications and burden of the disease.Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a serious postoperative complication with significant implications on morbidity and mortality. Estimated to occur in 5% of all hospital admissions, postoperative AKI is the second most common cause of renal injury among all hospitalized patients. With the increasing incidence and prevalence of chronic kidney disease, it is therefore important to clearly understand risk prior to surgery through detailed risk assessment and preoperative laboratory testing. This chapter discusses preoperative risk factors contributing to AKI, presents strategies to prevent postoperative AKI, and considers available options to protect perioperative renal function to prevent acute complications and long-term renal injury.Objective: To evaluate renal function after radical nephrectomy (RN) and donor nephrectomy (DN), and the differences in changes and identify factors that lead to chronic renal failure. Material and Methods: A retrospective review of patients diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma, who received RN and donors of living kidney transplantation. Kidney function in both groups was measured before and after surgery. We assessed the donors’ kidney functions using an estimated Glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), through a Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) formula [GFR = 186 x serum creatine-1.154 age-0.203 x 0.742 (if the patient was female). Kidney function after surgery was evaluated at 1, 3, 6 and 12 months. Rates of renal function decline were analyzed compared with baseline.Results: A total of 249 patients were included in the study, 50 in the DN group and 199 in the RN group. The mean eGFRs before surgery were 68.6 ml/min/1.73m2 and 88.8 ml/min/1.73m2 in the RN and DN groups, respectively. During the first year postoperatively, renal function in the RN and DN groups decreased by approximately 25.6% and 27.2% from baseline, respectively.Conclusion: Renal function after surgery declined after both RN and DN, but the pattern of changes in renal function was different between the groups, possibly due to the patients in the DN group being younger and healthier. There were no differences in percentage of change in eGFR between the groups at the 1 year follow up. Unilateral renal agenesis (URA) is a model for a reduced nephron number that is believed to be a risk factor for blood pressure (BP) elevation and reduced renal function. The aim of the study was to investigate BP and renal function in children with URA.Data on children with URA from two pediatric nephrology centers were firstly retrospectively reviewed (renal ultrasound and scintigraphy, clinical BP, creatinine clearance, urinalysis). Children with normal renal ultrasound and scintigraphy were thereafter investigated using ambulatory BP monitoring.Twenty-nine children with URA were investigated – 14 children with an abnormal kidney (mostly scarring) and 15 children with healthy kidneys. Hypertension was diagnosed on the basis of clinical BP in 57% of the children with abnormal kidneys and on the basis of ambulatory BP monitoring in 1 child (7%) with healthy kidneys. The mean ambulatory BP in children with normal kidneys was not significantly different from that in controls. Forty-three percent of the children with abnormal kidneys had a reduced renal function, but none of children with normal kidneys.Children with abnormalities of a solitary kidney have often hypertension, proteinuria, or a reduced renal function. In contrast, children with healthy solitary kidneys have BP and renal function similar to those of healthy children.Background/Aims: This study aimed to investigate the incidence and risk factors for acute kidney injury (AKI) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with renal infarction.A single-center retrospective study was conducted from January 2005 to December 2013. Baseline and clinical characteristics of the enrolled patients with renal infarction were evaluated and analyzed according to the presence of AKI and CKD. In particular, predictors for AKI and CKD were determined using logistic regression analysis.Of the 105 patients included in present study, 41 (39.0%) patients had AKI. A total of 80 patients were followed up for 2 years after hospital discharge. Among these patients, 27 (33.8%) patients had CKD. In the multivariate analysis, the predictors were mean blood pressure (odds ratio [OR] 1.062, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.015-1.112, p = 0.009) and bilateral involvement (OR 4.396, 95% CI 1.096-17.632, p = 0.037) for AKI, and AKI (OR 14.799, 95% CI 4.173-52.490, p0.001) and old age (OR 1.065, 95% CI 1.016-1.116, p = 0.009) for CKD.Physicians should pay attention to the development of AKI and CKD after renal infarction and follow patients over a long term.Renal ammoniagenesis has been studied in 6 dogs before and 48 h after a 60-min period of renal ischemia induced by clamping the renal artery and in 6 sham-operated animals. Two days after temporary renal ischemia, the dogs showed a 25% decrease in glomerular filtration rate and renal plasma flow and a similar decrease in sodium reabsorption. Renal production of ammonium was not significantly different under basal conditions or 2 days after ischemia, but more ammonia was released by the urine in the postischemic dogs. Renal uptake of glutamine was similar in control and in postischemic kidneys. It is concluded that during the recovery phase of the ischemia, renal ammoniagenesis is conserved. In a companion paper we reported a large increment in Na+-K+-ATPase activity and [3H]ouabain binding in the inner stripe of outer medullary collecting tubules from K-depleted rats. To test the hypothesis that the increased number of Na+-K+ pumps in these animals may be involved in potassium reabsorption we examined the effect of ouabain on K excretion by isolated, perfused kidneys from rats fed a K-free diet for 3 wk. Kidneys from K-depleted rats retain potassium avidly, both the fractional (FEK) and absolute K excretion being approximately fivefold lower than in control kidneys. Ouabain (5 mM) increased FEK in kidneys from each K-depleted rat [mean from 8.5 to 34.4%, P less than 0.001, at average (4.5 mM) perfusate K]; similar results were obtained when kidneys were perfused with low (approximately 2 mM) and high (greater than or equal to 8 mM) potassium concentrations. In contrast, ouabain produced a variable effect in control kidneys, that depended on the perfusate potassium concentration. In K-depleted rats amiloride (10(-4) M) did not significantly alter K excretion and did not block the ouabain-induced kaliuresis, suggesting that the latter is not due to enhanced secretion secondary to increased distal fluid delivery. These results provide evidence for ouabain-sensitive potassium reabsorption in kidneys of chronically K-depleted rats, and suggest an explanation for the increased Na+-K+-ATPase observed in such animals.  To promote collaborative work between kidney care professionals in the multidisciplinary team, the British Renal Society has a number of affiliate groups. One such group is the UK Renal Pharmacy Group (RPG). In this column, the RPG's chair, Caroline Ashley, and the lead for research and development, Sue Shaw, discuss recent and ongoing projects in renal pharmacy.  Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is the most common hereditary nephropathy with few treatments to slow renal progression. The evidence on the effect of lipid-lowering agents (statins) on ADPKD progression remains inconclusive.We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis by searching the PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane databases (up to November 2019). Changes in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and total kidney volume (TKV) were the primary outcomes. Mean differences (MDs) for continuous outcomes and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated by a random-effects model.Five clinical studies with 648 participants were included. Statins did not show significant benefits in the yearly change in eGFR (4 studies, MD = −0.13 mL/min/, 95% CI: −0.78 to 0.52,= 0.70) and the yearly change in TKV (3 studies, MD = −1.17%, 95% CI: −3.40 to 1.05,= 0.30) compared with the control group. However, statins signiﬁcantly decreased urinary protein excretion (−0.10 g/day, 95% CI: −0.16 to -0.03,= 0.004) and serum low-density lipoprotein level (−0.34 mmol/L, 95% CI: −0.58 to −0.10,= 0.006).Despite these proteinuria and lipid-lowering benefits, the effect of statins on ADPKD progression was uncertain.  In this section, Graham Cope presents a brief synopsis of a range of recently published articles that may be of interest to nurses working in the renal setting. The aim of this roundup is to provide an overview, rather than a detailed summary and critique, of the research papers selected. Should you wish to look at any of the papers in more detail for yourself, a full reference is provided. Renal replacement therapy (RRT) is used to manage critically ill patients with severe acute kidney injury (AKI-D), and it is undoubtedly life-sustaining for most patients. However, the prolonged unnecessary use of these techniques may be harmful. At present, no consensus guidelines provide specific recommendations for clinicians on when (optimal timing of discontinuation) and how (liberation or weaning) to stop RRT in intensive care unit (ICU) patients with recovering native kidney function.Methods and resultsNumerous variables such as clinical parameters, classical surrogate markers for glomerular filtration rate, novel biomarkers of kidney function and damage, and new imaging techniques in AKI-D have been described to predict successful discontinuation of RRT. Most available studies are limited by study design, heterogeneity of variable assessment and thresholds of biomarkers, and lack of prospective validation. At present, the decision on discontinuation of RRT in ICU patients is based on three clinical scenarios: (a) intrinsic kidney function (defined as spontaneous urine output500 ml/24 h, timed creatinine clearance15 to 20 ml/min) has adequately improved to match the demands and continued RRT is no longer consistent with goals of care (transition to intermittent RRT); (b) the acute illness that prompted RRT has improved; (c) the clinical practice of switching haemodynamic stable patients with persistent AKI-D from continuous RRTs to intermittent RRTs is variable, but de-escalation of RRT (frequency, dose) may facilitate mobilization and discharge of ICU patients.The predictive ability of novel kidney biomarkers, surrogate markers of kidney function, and direct measurements of kidney function should be evaluated in future studies.Kidney disease and injury is largely silent with few overt clinical manifestations until disease or injury is quite advanced. For this reason, laboratory testing is the mainstay of the assessment and monitoring of kidney injury or disease. A number of modalities have been used, some new, while others have been in place for many years. These laboratory testing modalities include routine urinalysis, assessment of proteinuria and albuminuria, markers of proximal tubule function and injury, and new markers for acute kidney injury. Additionally, several means are now available for the determination of glomerular filtration rate either through direct measurements using clearance markers or indirectly through empirically derived equations to estimate the glomerular filtration rate.Iodinated contrast has revolutionized diagnosis and therapy but carries the risk of adverse effects, specifically acute kidney injury, in select high risk populations. This risk is substantially lower with the current generation of low- and iso-osmolar contrast media. Acute kidney injury in most cases is mild with favorable prognostic implications, and severe acute injury requiring dialysis is rare. Risk scores, typically including level of kidney function, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease status, can identify patients at high risk of developing acute kidney injury after contrast-enhanced procedures. Volume expansion with isotonic saline remains the most robust method of preventing acute kidney injury in select high risk patients. Marissa Dainton provides an update on the national renal nursing course that the Association of Nephrology Nurses has been working towards  Renal impairment (RI) is a common complication of multiple myeloma (MM). Around 50% of patients with MM have RI at presentation, and up to 5% require dialysis treatment. Severe acute kidney injury (AKI) as a cause of RI is a particular challenge as historically the survival of patients who sustain this complication and require dialysis is very poor. However, in this current period, survival is improving and the focus is on optimum use of novel chemotherapies and the evaluation of extra-corporeal therapies for removal of serum immunoglobulin light chains.RI in patients with MM is commonly associated with excess monoclonal free light chain (FLC) production; myeloma cast nephropathy is the predominant renal pathology in patients presenting with severe RI secondary to AKI. The majority of patients have mild to moderate RI and recover renal function. However, patients with more severe RI, in particular those with a requirement for dialysis, are less likely to recover renal function. Rapid diagnosis and prompt institution of anti-myeloma therapy is an important determinant of renal function recovery, through targeting early and sustained reduction of involved monoclonal FLC. Novel agents are associated with excellent disease response, and bortezomib is now widely used as a first-line agent in the management of MM in patients with severe RI. Extended haemodialysis using high cut-off dialysers is more effective for extracorporeal removal of FLC than plasma exchange, and clinical trials are in process. High-dose chemotherapy with autologous stem cell transplantation does have a role in patients with severe RI but requires careful patient selection. Key Messages: RI is very common in patients with MM, and renal function recovery is associated with improved clinical outcomes. We summarise the epidemiology of MM in the UK, present the impact of RI and renal function recovery on patient outcome, and describe the current management of MM in western countries. Facts from East and West: (1) A serum creatinine level 2 mg/dl has been reported in 16, 21, 24, and 33% of patients with MM in cohort studies from Japan, Europe, China, and Korea, respectively. A creatinine clearance rate 30 ml/min was observed in 30 and 15% of patients in Chinese and Western MM cohorts, respectively. The commonest cause of severe RI in patients with MM is myeloma cast nephropathy. (2) The efficacy of novel treatments (bortezomib, carfilzomib, thalidomide, and lenalidomide) has predominantly been assessed in Western patients. Bortezomib and dexamethasone are the current standard of care for MM and severe RI in the West. Severe RI is not a contraindication to autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT). Most of the data are from the West; there are case reports from China describing good outcomes with ASCT. The removal of FLC by high-cut-off hemodialysis is under evaluation in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in the West. Studies in this area are not yet conducted in China. In China, new treatments, such as bortezomib, are more widely used than before, and favorable results are being reported; however, RCT studies are still needed in this area to confirm the efficacy and safety of this and other novel treatments.NSAIDs are among the most commonly prescribed medications in the United States. NSAID associated kidney disease presents in various ways including ischemic acute kidney injury, nephrotic syndrome, and analgesic nephropathy. Elderly patients and patients who are also on diuretics and/or renin angiotensin aldosterone system blockade are at higher risk of developing NSAIDs associated kidney disease. Additionally, NSAIDs negatively impact blood pressure. Unfortunately, there is no currently effective therapy for the prevention of NSAIDS associated kidney disease. Proposed preventative strategies are discussed. In this section, Graham Cope presents a brief synopsis of a range of recently published articles that may be of interest to nurses working in the renal setting. The aim of this roundup is to provide an overview, rather than a detailed summary and critique, of the research papers selected. Should you wish to look at any of the papers in more detail for yourself, a full reference is provided.  Jonathon Hope has been a patient for 30 years and has undergone four transplants, experiencing every step in the evolving renal care system. Here, he and other renal patients describe what they experienced in the past, how they perceive the present and what they want the future to look like.  In this section, Graham Cope presents a brief synopsis of a range of recently published articles that may be of interest to nurses working in the renal setting. The aim of this roundup is to provide an overview, rather than a detailed summary and critique, of the research papers selected. Should you wish to look at any of the papers in more detail for yourself, a full reference is provided. An oversulfated dermatan sulfate (DS) was isolated from bovine and human kidney glycosaminoglycans by elution at high NaCl concentrations through ion-exchange column chromatography. Based on its behavior on paper chromatography and electrophoresis after digestion with chondroitinases, the presence of an oversulfated DS was evidenced by detection of the umsaturated disulfated disaccharide unit. Judging from its susceptibility to chondrosulfatases, it was found that the oversulfated DS comprised mainly the disaccharide unit of iduronosyl-N-acetyl--galactosamine 4- and 6-sulfates. A possible function of the oversulfated DS in kidney tissue is discussed. Sepsis causes acute kidney injury (AKI) in critically ill patients, although the mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology are not fully understood. SUMO-specific proteases 3 (SENP3), a member of the deSUMOylating enzyme family, is known as a redox sensor and could regulate multiple cellular signaling pathways. However, the role of SENP3 in septic AKI remains unclear.The purpose of this study was to investigate the role of SENP3 in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced AKI model.C57BL/6 mice were given intraperitoneal injection of LPS (10 mg/kg). NRK-52E cells were treated with LPS in vitro. The SENP3 protein expression was analyzed by Western blotting. The levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) in cells were measured using DCFH-DA. SENP3-siRNA or SENP3-plasmid was, respectively, transfected into NRK-52E cells to knock down or overexpress the SENP3 expression. Western blotting was performed to analyze the protein expression of cleaved caspase 3, cytochrome c, and dynamin-related protein 1 (Drp1). The mitochondrial membrane potential was measured using JC-1 assay kit. Co-immunoprecipitation was used to determine the interaction of Drp1 and SMUO2/3.SENP3 protein expression was obviously increased in renal tissues from the mouse model of LPS-induced AKI. Accordingly, SENP3 expression was upregulated in NRK-52E cells treated with LPS in a ROS-dependent manner in vitro. Knockdown of SENP3 dramatically ameliorated LPS-induced apoptosis of NRK-52E cells, whereas overexpression of SENP3 further aggravated LPS-induced apoptosis of NRK-52E cells. Mechanistically, SENP3 triggered Drp1 recruitment to mitochondria by increasing the deSUMOylation of Drp1.SENP3 aggravated renal tubular epithelial cell apoptosis in LPS-induced AKI via Drp1 deSUMOylation manner.  Dietary advice needs to be tailored to individual patients. Health professionals should try to engage patients to ensure they are involved in the development of dietary management. Nick McAleer explains how dietitians play an important role in optimising quality of life outcomes. Background: Chronic hypoxia is prevalent in chronic kidney disease (CKD), and Blood oxygenation level-dependent magnetic resonance imaging (BOLD-MRI) provides noninvasive evaluation of renal oxygenation. This study aimed to explore the correlation of renal oxygenation evaluated by BOLD-MRI with renal function.97 non-dialysis patients with stage 1-5 CKD and healthy volunteers (HVs) recruited in the study. Base on their estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), the patients were divided into two groups: the mild to moderate renal injury (MMI) group and severe renal injury (SI) group. We measured cortical and medullary T2* (COT2* and MET2*) values in all participants by BOLD-MRI. Physiological indices were also recorded and compared among three groups. Correlation of T2* values with clinical characteristics were determined.The COT2* values were significantly higher than MET2* values in all participants. The COT2* and MET2* values of three groups were ranked as HV MMI SI ( 0.0001). There were positive correlations between the COT2* values, MET2* values and eGFR, Hemoglobin ( 0.4,0.01), while the serum creatinine (SCr), blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and serum cystatin C (Cys C) were significantly negatively correlated with the COT2* and MET2* values ( -0.7,0.0001). The 24-h urinary protein (24-h Upr) shown weak correlation with the COT2* value (rs= -0.2301, p= 0.0265), and no correlation with the MET2* value ( 0.05). Urinary microprotein, including urinary alpha1-microglobulin (α1-MG), urinary beta2-microglobulin (β2-MG), and urinary retinol binding protein (RBP), was showed strong correlation with COT2* and MET2* values. According to analysis of receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curve, we obtained the optimal cut-point between HV and MMI were “ 61.17 ms” (sensitivity: 91.23%, specificity: 100%) for COT2* values and “ 35.00 ms” (sensitivity: 77.19%, specificity: 100%) for MET2* values, whereas COT2* values (“ 47.34 ms”; sensitivity: 90.00%, specificity: 92.98%) and MET2* values (“ 25.09 ms”; sensitivity: 97.50%, specificity: 80.70%) between MMI and SI.The decline of renal oxygenation reflected on T2* values, especially in cortex, may be an effective diagnostic-marker for early detection of renal injury in CKD patients. In this section, Peter Ellis presents a brief synopsis of a range of recently published articles that may be of interest to nurses working in the renal setting. The aim of this roundup is to provide a brief overview, rather than a detailed summary and critique, of the research papers selected. Should you wish to look at any of the papers in more detail for yourself, a full reference is provided. BACKGROUND: Checkpoint inhibitors and receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (RTKIs) have changed the standard of care for metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC). Anecdotal evidence suggests these therapies may be less effective for treating bone than soft-tissue metastases. PURPOSE: We performed a retrospective review evaluating the relative clinical responses in soft-tissue and bone metastases in patients undergoing therapy using RTKIs and anti-programmed death-1 (PD-1) agents for mRCC. METHODS: Of the 2,212 patients in our institutional cancer registry with renal cell carcinoma (1997–2017), 68 (82 disease courses) were identified with measurable bone and soft-tissue metastases treated with RTKIs and/or PD-1s. Extent of metastasis was quantified at the time of therapy initiation (baseline) and at 3 months, 6 months, and 1 year. Changes in disease status were categorized as complete response, partial response, stable, mixed, or progression of disease according to RECIST v1.1 and MD Anderson criteria. These categories were further organized into “response to treatment” or “evidence of progression” to generate a generalized linear effects model with soft-tissue response as the independent variable and bone response as the dependent variable. Alpha = 0.05. RESULTS: Soft-tissue response correlated with bone response at 3 months (76 disease courses, p = 0.005) and 6 months (48 disease courses, p = 0.017). Of the patients with controlled soft-tissue disease, only 14 (19%) and 15 (32%) had progression in bone at 3 and 6 months, respectively. CONCLUSION: Contrary to anecdotal reports, osseous metastases do not appear to respond worse than soft-tissue metastases to treatment with these agents.Experiments were performed to assess the effects of nifedipine, a calcium channel blocker, on the blood pressure and bilateral renal function in 2-kidney, 1-clip, Goldblatt hypertensive rats. Hypertensive rats were prepared 4 weeks prior to the acute experiments. Nifedipine was administered intravenously into hypertensive (n = 11) and control (n = 12) rats under pentobarbital anesthesia. In hypertensive rats, nifedipine (0.02 mg/kg) reduced the mean arterial pressure from 151 ± 5 to 135 ± 5 mm Hg. Despite the fall of arterial pressure, there were significant increases in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) from 1.36 ± 0.13 to 1.80 ± 0.22 ml/min, urine flow from 7.8 ± 1.6 to 17.0 ± 3.8 µl/min, and excretions of absolute and fractional sodium from 1.07 ± 0.43 µEg/min and 0.50 ± 0.15% to 2.80 ± 0.73 µEq/min and 0.92 ± 17%, respectively, in the nonclipped kidney. No significant changes in these renal indices occurred in the clipped kidney. In control rats, administration of nifedipine (0.04 mg/kg) also significantly decreased the arterial pressure from 119 ± 4 to 110 ± 4 mm Hg. There were slight but insignificant increases in GFR and renal excretion of sodium and water. In both groups, nifedipine produced proportionate increases in osmolar clearance and free water reabsorption. These results suggest that nifedipine enhances glomerular filtration and suppresses the reabsoption of sodium and water by the proximal tubule and/or distal nephron segments. The resulting increase in excretory function of the nonclipped kidney may, in part, contribute to the blood pressure-lowering effect of this drug.The excretion of potassium and the reabsorption of sodium were studied in isolated perfused kidneys of adrenalectomized rats following the administration of aldosterone. Aldosterone (10M) produced a rapid increase in fractional excretion of potassium, without affecting glomerular filtration rate, urine flow rate or sodium reabsorption. Spironolactone (10M) completely abolished the kaliuretic effect of aldosterone, while actinomycin D had no inhibitory effect. In the absence of exogenous metabolic substrate, enhancement of potassium excretion was not seen following aldosterone. With either glucose, pyruvate, lactate or α-ketoglutarate in the perfusion medium, the kaliuretic effect of aldosterone was restored. The results confirm the direct action of aldosterone on renal potassium excretion and its dependency upon the availability of specific metabolic substrates.Administrative data are commonly used to study clinical outcomes in renal disease. Race is an important determinant of renal health delivery and outcomes in Canada but is not validated in most administrative data, and the correlation with census-based definitions of race is unknown.Validation of self-reported race (SRR) in a Canadian provincial renal administrative database (Patient Records and Outcome Management Information System [PROMIS]) and comparison with the Canadian census categories of race.Prospective patient survey study to validate SRR in PROMIS.British Columbia, Canada.Adult patients registered in PROMIS.Survey SRR was used as gold standard to validate SRR in PROMIS. Self-reported race in PROMIS was compared with census race categories.This is a cross-sectional telephone survey of a random sample of all adults in PROMIS conducted between February 2016 and November 2016. Responders selected a race category from PROMIS and from the Canadian census. Sensitivity (Sn) and specificity (Sp) were calculated with 95% confidence intervals (CIs).A total of 21 039 patients met inclusion criteria, 1677 were selected for the survey and 637 participated (38% response rate). There were no differences between the PROMIS, sampled, and responder populations. PROMIS SRR had an accuracy of 95.3% (95% CI: 94.2%-97.0%) when validated against the survey SRR with Sn and Sp ≥90% in all race groups except in Aboriginals (Sn 87.5%). The positive and negative predictive values were ≥95%, except in very low and high–prevalence groups, respectively. The Canadian census had an accuracy of 95.7% (95% CI: 94.4%-97.6%) when validated against PROMIS SRR with Sn and Sp ≥90%. The results did not differ in subgroups based on age, sex, birth outside Canada, or renal group (glomerulonephritis, chronic kidney disease, hemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis, transplant recipients, or live donors).Analysis of minority groups and lower prevalence groups is limited by sample size. Results may not be generalizable to other administrative databases.We have shown high accuracy of PROMIS SRR that validates its use in the secondary analysis of administrative data for research. There is high correlation between PROMIS and census race categories which allows linkage with other data sources that use census-based definitions of race.To date, the renal handling of amino acids by remnant kidneys remains undefined. We have determined the renal handling of eight amino acids using the isolated perfused rat kidney. 6 normal and 22 partially infarcted rat kidneys (16 stage III [contra-lateral kidney removed], and 6 stage II [contralateral kidney left intact] were evaluated at perfusate amino acid concentrations approximately ten times normal plasma levels. Despite the reduction in glomerular filtration rate, the urinary excretion of most amino acids in remnant kidneys tended to exceed that of controls. Fractional amino acid excretion by both stage II and III kidneys tended to be or was higher than that of controls. The findings indicate that the fractional reabsorption of amino acids by residual nephrons of remnant kidneys is decreased. Our observations suggest that the changes are unrelated to a functional adaptation to the uremic environment.We present a case of an individual with cirrhosis and renal failure. This case is notable because the patient was found to have hepatorenal syndrome (HRS) superimposed on Immunoglobulin A (IgA) nephropathy. After 8 months of dialysis, the patient had significant renal recovery following orthotopic liver transplant (OLT). Cases such as this are not likely to be rare, as case series have shown that IgA deposits are a common occurrence in patients with cirrhosis, including those who have HRS. While current diagnostic criteria for HRS emphasize the importance of excluding glomerular lesions, we argue that this approach should be reconsidered. More specifically, we feel that the diagnostic approach to HRS should be more inclusive of cases in which patients have simultaneous HRS and glomerular injury. In addition, our case highlights the challenges in determining which patients will benefit most from simultaneous liver–kidney transplants over OLTs alone. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are involved in diabetic nephropathy. The AGE inhibitor pyridoxamine (PM) is renoprotective in experimental chronic allograft nephropathy supporting its potential in non-diabetic renal damage.We studied the effects of PM in adriamycin nephropathy (AN; 1.5 mg/kg i.v.). Six weeks after disease induction, treatment started with vehicle (VEH), lisinopril (ACEi; 75 mg/l drinking water), PM (2 g/l) and PM + lisinopril (PM/ACEi) (n = 12 per group) for 18 weeks. Age-matched healthy rats (n = 6) served as controls (CON).ACEi reduced proteinuria, blood pressure, and renal damage. PM gradually increased blood pressure and not affected proteinuria. In PM/ACEi the antiproteinuric and blood pressure-lowering effects of ACEi were abrogated during long-term treatment. Remarkably, creatinine, focal glomerulosclerosis and interstitial fibrosis were considerably increased under PM/ACEi. Pronounced hypercholesterolemia, which occurred in both PM-treated groups, was accompanied by marked glomerular lipid deposition.PM was not renoprotective in AN. By contrast, renal damage was aggravated when PM was combined with ACEi. Despite the fact that there is no current evidence that these findings apply to the drug as used in human diabetic nephropathy, we emphasize the importance of close monitoring of blood pressure, lipids and possible direct toxic effects in future studies with PM in renal patients, especially when combining PM with ACEi.Constriction of the artery to the remaining kidney of control rats uninephrectomized 24 h previously induced a sixfold rise in plasma renin level from 11 ± 1 to 60 ± 11 ng AI, a 43% decrease of renal cortical renin level, and a 21% rise of mean arterial pressure from 119 + 2 to 144 ± 3 mm Hg. Constriction of the artery to a renin-depleted kidney (with a renin level which was 5% of normal) was not followed by any significant increase in plasma renin level or mean blood pressure. Renin-depleted kidneys were produced by removing the clipped kidney from two-kidney one-clip hypertensive rats, 24 h before the experiment. Such a maneuver induces renin depletion but does not completely normalize blood pressure. When a large dose of frusemide (50 mg/kg i.p.) was injected immediately following removal of the clipped kidney, mean arterial pressure (117 ± 7 mm Hg) returned to control values 24 h later but again constriction of the remaining renal artery failed to induce a rise in plasma renin level or mean arterial pressure. By 7 days after removal of the clipped kidney, plasma renin level and mean arterial pressure were normal and clipping of the remaining kidney (in spite of the fact that kidney renin level was still low) now produced a wave of renin release and an increase in mean arterial pressure. These results suggest that the initial, rapid increase in mean arterial pressure following unilateral renal artery constriction is dependent on an increase in plasma renin level. Our results from animals with kidneys of varying renin levels suggest the existence of a cortical renin content of about 20% of normal below which the kidney is incapable of responding to renal artery constriction with significant renin release. Complete recovery of the renin (and blood pressure) response to clipping occurred when the renin content had reached about 75% of normal.Background: We hypothesized that plasma levels of brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) and N-terminal pro-BNP (NT-proBNP) would be elevated, and adiponectin concentrations reduced, in patients with atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis (ARAS) and that BNPs might be used to identify patients who would benefit from percutaneous transluminal renal angioplasty (PTRA). Methods: Data were collected before renal angiography in 91 patients with hypertension and suspected ARAS (significant ARAS; n=47, and non-RAS; n=44) and in 20 healthy controls (C). In ARAS patients analyses were repeated four weeks after PTRA. Results: Ambulatory systolic blood pressure (ASBP) was significantly elevated in the ARAS group vs. both C and non-RAS groups. Baseline plasma BNP and NT-proBNP levels were significantly elevated, and adiponectin concentrations reduced, in the ARAS group vs. C but not vs. the non-RAS group. One month after PTRA, ASBP was reduced vs. baseline (149±16 to 139±15 mm 0.01). Brain natriuretic peptides were not significantly affected by PTRA. Conclusions: Patients with ARAS showed elevated of BNP and NT-proBNP concentrations, and reduced levels of adiponectin, compared to healthy controls but not vs. hypertensive individuals without RAS. Our data do no support the use of BNP analyses in the identification of ARAS patients who will have a beneficial blood pressure response to PTRA. Renal serine synthesis was studied in the isolated perfused kidney and in isolated cortical tubules. Serine was produced by the perfused kidney from both glycine and aspartate, indicating flux through at least two separate pathways: serine hydroxymethyltransferase and either the nonphosphorylated or phosphorylated intermediate pathways. The precise nephron site of serine production was determined by measuring serine synthesis from various precursors and the activities of enzymes of both pathways in isolated tubules fractionated on a Percoll gradient into proximal tubule and distal tubule fractions. Both pathways of serine synthesis were located in proximal tubules. Detailed studies of serine synthesis from glycine demonstrated extremely tight coupling between the glycine cleavage enzyme and serine hydroxymethyltransferase, since the rate of 14CO2 production from [2-14C]glycine was less than 5% of that of [1-14C]glycine, whereas the rate of incorporation of 14C into serine from [2-14C]glycine was double that from [1-14C]glycine. These studies demonstrate that the kidney can synthesize serine by two separate pathways, both located in the cells of the proximal tubule.  Renal osteodystrophy has caused increased risk of fragility fracture in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients. However, risk factors and outcome of ESRD patients with fragility fracture remain uncharacterized. We aimed to assess these parameters in ESRD patients.This retrospective case-control study analyzed 354 ESRD patients (initial fragility fracture [FF] group,= 59; control group,= 295). Pre-dialysis blood hemoglobin, serum albumin, lipid, calcium, phosphorus, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) were collected. All procedures performed involving human participants were in accordance with the ethical standards of the institutional committee of The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University (IRB approval number 216-82), and informed consent was obtained from all participants. There were higher prevalence rates of primary hypertension and diabetes, higher serum ALP, corrected calcium, and lower serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, lipoprotein-α, and iPTH in the FF group. Fractures were more likely to occur in the higher level of corrected calcium as well as in the lower iPTH group. High corrected calcium ( = 0.010, OR = 11.308, 95% CI: 1.770–72.242) and serum ALP ( = 0.000, OR = 1.007, 95% CI: 1.004–1.011) were independent risk factors of fragility fracture. The incidence of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular (CV) events in ESRD patients with fragility fracture was higher than in those without fracture. Key Messages: Patients with hypertension, diabetes, excessive suppression of PTH, and poor nutritional status are more prone to fractures. Serum corrected calcium and ALP were independent risk factors of fragility fracture. Patients with initial fragility fracture had more CV events and higher mortality.The interaction between renal nerves, endothelins acting via endothelin-A receptors and vasopressin in the regulation of renal excretory function was investigated. In conscious intact and renal denervated diabetes insipidus (DI) Brattleboro rats, as well as their controls, Long-Evans (LE) rats, an infusion of 16.4 nmol/kg/min ET receptor antagonist BQ-123 was performed in the course of 50 min. Femoral artery blood pressure, heart rate, C, V · U, V · U and V · U did not alter in any of the groups. Urine flow rate diminished by 38.1% (p0.02), while urine osmolality increased by 30.3% (p0.05) as a result of BQ-123 infusion in the intact LE rats but neither urine flow rate nor urine osmolality changed in the DI rats. In contrast to intact LE rats, BQ-123 infusion in renal denervated LE rats did not alter urine flow rate or urine osmolality. However, urine flow rate in renal denervated DI rats surprisingly decreased by 71.1% (p0.01) while urine osmolality increased by 161% (p0.001) as a result of BQ-123 infusion. Endogenous endothelins can regulate renal water excretion through ET receptor activation. Renal sympathetic nerves participate in the modulation of renal water excretion influencing the ET receptor-mediated effects of endothelins in the kidney.Kidney injury molecule-1 (Kim-1) is a type 1 membrane protein maximally upregulated in proliferating and dedifferentiated tubular cells after renal ischemia. Because epithelial dedifferentiation, proliferation, and local ischemia may play a role in the pathophysiology of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease, we investigated Kim-1 expression in a mouse model of this disease. In the Pkd2mouse model for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease, cystic kidneys show markedly upregulated Kim-1 levels compared with noncystic control kidneys. Kim-1 is present in a subset of cysts of different sizes and segmental origins and in clusters of proximal tubules near cysts. Kim-1-expressing tubular cells show decreased complexity and quantity of basolateral staining for Na-K-ATPase. Other changes in polarity characteristic of ischemic injury are not present in Kim-1-expressing pericystic tubules. Polycystin-2 expression is preserved in Kim-1-expressing tubules. The interstitium surrounding Kim-1-expressing tubules shows high proliferative activity and staining for smooth muscle α-actin, characteristic of myofibroblasts. Although the functional role of the protein in cysts remains unknown, Kim-1 expression in tubules is strongly associated with partial dedifferentiation of epithelial cells and may play a role in the development of interstitial fibrosis. Contrast-induced acute kidney injury (CI-AKI) is generally uncommon. However, patients with risk factors such as pre-existing chronic kidney disease have a higher risk of developing this condition. In this article, Victoria Chan, Matthew Gibson and Mobin Mohteshamzadeh explain the effect of a prevention protocol, established at the Royal Berkshire Hospital, which aims to reduce the risk of the condition.  This article gives an overview of the traditional classification of acute renal failure and how and why the term ‘acute kidney injury’ was developed, outlining its categories. The limitations of AKI as a classification are reviewed and the future of detecting kidney damage even earlier discussed.  Transplantation is the most effective treatment for patients suffering from chronic renal disease. As each person's body is unique, the transplant team will prescribe medications and dosages especially tailored for the patient receiving the new organ, working to maintain a balance between preventing organ rejection and avoiding infection. In this article, Caroline Ashley gives an overview of the drugs most commonly prescribed by the kidney transplant team.  This is the first of a series of articles that looks at acute kidney injury (AKI). Presenting back-to-basics information on the incidence of AKI, Peter Ellis highlights the causes and categorisation of AKI, outlining the three potential sources of this sudden loss of kidney function. For the assessment of chronic kidney disease, point shear wave elastography (pSWE) and shear wave speed imaging (2D-SWE) are suitable, but the use of elastography in the assessment of the kidneys is more difficult compared to the use in other organs, because of the complex architecture of the kidneys, characterized by a high anisotropy and also by the limited size of the renal parenchyma, where the measurements are performed. Despite the difficulties of renal elastography, the reproducibility of the method is good. Kidney shear wave speed values are influenced mainly by age and gender, while in chronic kidney disease, renal stiffness is sometimes decreased in more advanced disease and is not influenced mainly by the progression of fibrosis. There are studies proving that a decreased renal blood flow is associated with a decrease in kidney shear wave speed, the fact that could explain why patients with CKD tend to have lower kidney stiffness. Elastography is a real-time imaging method that could be useful in the assessment of the kidneys, but more extensive studies and even some improvements of the processing algorithms of raw data of elastography machines seem to be needed to implement the use in clinical practice.The full text of this preprint has been withdrawn by the authors due to author disagreement with the posting of the preprint. Therefore, the authors do not wish this work to be cited as a reference. Questions should be directed to the corresponding author.This protocol describes the procedure to obtain high quality MALDI mass spectrometry images of N-linked glycans from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded tissue. This protocol is optimized for human kidney biopsy tissue as part of the Kidney Precision Medicine Project.In the plasma membranes of mammalian proximal renal tubules single ion channels were investigated mainly in isolated tubules perfused on one side, in isolated nonperfused (collapsed) tubules and in primary cell cultures. With these techniques, the following results were obtained: in the luminal membrane of isolated one-sided perfused tubules of rabbit and mouse S3 segments, K-selective channels with single-channel conductance (g) of 33 pS and 63 pS, respectively, were recorded. In primary cultures of rabbit SI segments, a small-conductance (42 pS) as well as a large-conductance (200 pS) K channel were observed. The latter was C- and voltage-sensitive. In cultured cells a C-activated, nonselective cation channel with g = 25 pS was also recorded. On the other hand, an amiloride-sensitive channel with g = 12 pS, which was highly selective for N over K, was observed in the isolated perfused S3 segment. In the basolateral membrane of isolated perfused S3 segments, two types of K channels with g = 46 pS and 36 pS, respectively, were observed. The latter channel was not dependent on cytosolic C in cell-excised patches. A K channel with g = 54 pS was recorded in osolated nonperfused SI segments. This channel showed inward rectification and was more active at depolarizing potentials. In isolated perfused S3 segments, in addition to the K channels also a nonselective cation channel with g = 28 pS was observed. This channel was highly dependent on cytosolic C in cell-free patches. It can be concluded that the K channels both in the luminal and contraluminal cell membrane are involved in the generation of the cell potential. N channels in the luminal membrane may participate in N reabsorption, whereas the function of a basolateral cation channel remains unclear. Recently, single anion-selective channels were recorded in membranes of endocytotic vesicles, isolated from rat proximal tubules. Vesicles were enlarged by the dehydration/rehydration method and investigated with the patch clamp technique. The C channel had a conductance of 73 pS, the current-voltage curve was linear and the channel inactivated at high negative clamp potentials. It is suggested that this channel is responsible for charge neutrality during active H uptake into the endosomes.Histone post-translational modifications are key epigenetic features that define gene regulatory elements in thegenome. Identifying changes in the epigenome has the potential to uncover novel disease signatures.Chromatin immunoprecipitation with sequencing (ChIP-seq) is a commonly used method to define thechromatin landscape. A limitation of this method is that the amount of starting material (≥106 cells) does notlend itself to interrogation of kidney biopsies. Cleavage Under Targets and Release Using Nuclease(CUTRUN) is a recently described method that provides genome-wide mapping of chromatin profiles for histone binding. In this method, cellsare immobilized on beads, permeabilized with detergent (digitonin) and incubated with an antibody that recognizes specific histone post-translational modification in nucleosomes, DNA binding proteins (e.g., transcription factor) or other factors that associate with chromatin. After antibody binding, a fusion protein of Micrococcal nuclease and protein A/G (pAG-MNase) is added. The protein A/G moiety binds the antibody andthe nuclease cuts accessible chromatin adjacent to the nucleosomes. The released DNA fragments,representing the genomic regions enriched for antibody binding, are column purified and used to construct alibrary for sequencing. Sequence is aligned to the human genome and peaks that represent statisticallysignificant binding (e.g., histone H3 lysine 27 trimethylation, H3K27me3) are called using the Model-basedAnalysis for ChIP-seq Method (Macs2) that we have adapted for CUT RUN. The British Renal Society (BRS) continues to be busy throughout 2019, and the lead up to UK Kidney Week (UKKW) 2019 is no exception. This year's conference provides a packed programme with something for everyone. Some other news from the BRS is detailed in this article The role of γ-glutamyltransferase (γ-GT) in renal ammoniagenesis, glutamine (Gin), and glutathione (GSH) utilization was evaluated in the intact functioning rat kidney of subtotal nephrectomy (SNX) model of chronic renal failure (CRF). NKderived from extracellular γ-GT hydrolysis of Gin and GSH was differentiated from the intramitochondrial phosphate-dependent glutaminase by using acivicin, a γ-GT-specific inhibitor. In the control (C) group Gin extraction accounted for 61% of total NH production (sum of renal venous and urinary NH, but only 41% in SNX group. In the SNX group GSH extraction accounted for 10% of total NH production, but only 1% in the C group. Acivicin inhibited 44% and 33% of total NHroduction in SNX and C group respectively, as compared to baseline before acivicin. In CRF, γ-GT a key enzyme of the γ-glutamyl cycle plays a significant role in adaptive ammoniagenesis.Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD), the most common monogenic kidney disease, is characterized by relentless development of kidney cysts, hypertension, and eventually end-stage renal disease. The enlargement of the bilateral kidney cysts is gradual throughout the lifetime of the patient until little renal parenchyma is recognizable. At that stage, the average rate of GFR decline is 4.4 to 5.9 mL/min/year. Over the past few years, several advancements in diagnosing, prognosticating, and understanding the pathogenesis of the disease have been made. The natural course of ADPKD makes it an ideal disease to be targeted for renal protection. This chapter discusses various aspects of pathophysiology and molecular pathways and addresses in details the various pharmaceutical and nonpharmaceutical interventions in the journey of prevention of clinical complications of ADPKD. Stimulated by both microbial and endogenous ligands, toll-like receptors (TLRs) play an important role in the development and progression of renal diseases.As a highly conserved large family, TLRs have 11 members in humans (TLR1∼TLR11) and 13 members in mouse (TLR1∼TLR13). It has been widely reported that TLR2 and TLR4 signaling, activated by both exogenous and endogenous ligands, promote disease progression in both renal ischemia-reperfusion injury and diabetic nephropathy. TLR4 also vitally functions in CKD and infection-associated renal diseases such as pyelonephritis induced by urinary tract infection. Stimulation of intracellular TLR7/8 and TLR9 by host-derived nucleic acids also plays a key role in systemic lupus erythematosus. Given that certain microRNAs with GU-rich sequence have recently been found to be able to serve as TLR7/8 ligands, these microRNAs may initiate pro-inflammatory signal via activating TLR signal. Moreover, as microRNAs can be transferred across different organs via cell-secreted exosomes or protein-RNA complex, the TLR signaling activated by the miRNAs released by other injured organs may also result in renal dysfunction. Key Messages: In this review, we sum up the recent progress in the role of TLRs in various forms of glomerulonephritis and discuss the possible prevention or therapeutic strategies for clinic treatment to renal diseases.  Renal bone disease increases morbidity and mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease by increasing the risk for fractures, osteoporosis and other bone problems and its association with cardiovascular disease, including calcification and arterial stiffness. Treatment of renal bone disease is through a combination of three main methods to reduce phosphate levels: dietary restriction of high-phosphate foods; dialysis clearance; and the use of phosphate binders to prevent its absorption. The factors responsible for the increase in glomerular filtration rate associated with compensatory hypertrophy in Sprague-Dawley rats were studied 2 weeks following uninephrectomy. In sham-operated rats, the single nephron glomerular filtration rate (SNGFR) was 40 nl/min and the calculated glomerular plasma flow (GPF) was 138 nl/min. Proximal intratubular free-flow (P) and stop-flow (P) hydrostatic pressures were 12 and 34 mm/Fig. respectively. The estimated glomerular capillary hydrostatic pressure (P) was 49 mm Hg and the estimated efferent effective ultrafiltration pressure (P) was 12 mm Hg, indicating filtration pressure disequilibrium. The specific ultrafiltration coefficient was calculated to be 0.039 nl/s · mm Hg per glomerulus. In uninephrectomized rats, SNGFR increased to 61 nl/min and the calculated GPF increased to 266 nl/min. P was 12 mm Hg; P was 49 mm Hg and P was 15 mm Hg. Kwas calculated to be 0.053 nl/s · mm Hg per glomerulus. These data indicate that in Sprague-Dawley rats under conditions of filtration pressure disequilibrium, the increase in GFR associated with compensatory hypertrophy is in part related to a significant change in K Patients with acute kidney injury are often very ill and their metabolisms under great stress, resulting in the need for extra calories and extra protein. The renal team needs be alert to these patients’ nutritional requirements in order to support their immune system function, accelerate recovery and reduce mortality. An early dietary intervention by the renal team may prevent malnutrition—even death. In the absence of any effective pharmacologic therapies, severe acute kidney injury (AKI) is usually managed through renal replacement therapy (RRT). According to evidence, RRT should be considered when renal capacity cannot guarantee a sufficient metabolic, electrolyte, and fluid balance. Once the initiation of RRT has been decided, physicians must address the vascular access placement and prescribe the modality, the dose, and the anticoagulation of the treatment. As RRT should be tailored to the patient, initial prescriptions should be varied according to the current patient’s need. Once the acute kidney insult has been solved, a full, partial, or no renal recovery may occur. Hence, different degrees of chronic kidney disease (CKD) may persist. It is generally accepted that AKI and CKD are closely linked in a highly complex relationship. The development of AKI and the worsening of CKD might recycle in the patient life until end-stage renal disease. Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a serious illness that can develop suddenly, even in previously healthy patients. Recovery may be slow and, in some patients, AKI can lead to chronic kidney disease (CKD) and death. Ankur Patel describes the urgency of this illness—for the patient as well as society in general—and describes ways to improve diagnosis and management of this life-threatening illness.  It gives me great pleasure to introduce this edition of the JRN to you, my first as Consultant Editor working alongside Sarah Mackie. I take on the mantle of responsibility from Annette Davies and I wish to take this opportunity to thank her for her sterling work in establishing the journal. Together with Sarah, Annette has driven the agenda forward throughout its inaugural year so that the journal reflects all aspects of the management of patients with kidney failure through the eyes of the multidisciplinary team.  Alistair Rowland gives a personal account of how polycystic kidney disease affects him and his family. He describes his psychological and physical journey from accepting his illness to his experience of kidney failure and receiving a kidney transplant from his beloved wife Trudy.  As well as investing in research, Kidney Research UK develops and distributes resources aimed at supporting and educating patients with chronic kidney disease. Angela Lumsdon provides an overview of two such resources which are helping patients approaching renal failure and their families to understand and make important decisions about dialysis.  Renal disease affects up to a quarter of people infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). In this article, Lisa Hamzah looks at how successful HIV therapy has not only changed the prognosis for those patients with HIV, but also changed the spectrum of renal disease. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a common condition associated with substantial morbidity and mortality. It is also associated with multiple complications that increase in frequency and severity as kidney function declines. The identification and treatment of factors that contribute to CKD progression offer huge opportunities to stem the growing tide of end-stage kidney disease. Control of hypertension is imperative to reduce risk of disease progression and cardiovascular complications. The prevention and reduction of proteinuria is an equally important goal to prevent the long-term risk of kidney failure. This review describes both existing and novel reno-protective strategies proven to slow or prevent CKD. The authors emphasize the potential benefit offered by newer pharmacologic agents in protecting kidney function. With the emergence of this global epidemic, it is now more important than ever before for the medical community to critically define factors that predict disease progression and determine the efficacy of targeted intervention strategies. Under-nutrition is common in patients with chronic kidney disease and is associated with poor clinical outcome. This article by Graham Cope describes factors important to the nutritional status of renal patients in terms of macro- and micronutrients and how nutrition education may help.  Transplantation is the most effective treatment for patients suffering from chronic renal disease. As each person's body is unique, the transplant team will prescribe medications and dosages especially tailored for the patient receiving the new organ, working to maintain a balance between preventing organ rejection and avoiding infection. In this article, Caroline Ashley gives an overview of the drugs most commonly prescribed by the kidney transplant team.  It gives me great pleasure to introduce this second edition of JRN featuring transplantation. As the treatment of choice for end-stage kidney disease, great emphasis has been placed on improving the procurement of organs for transplantation and the clinical management of transplant recipients. The components of acidic glycosaminoglycans (AGAG) prepared separately from cortical and medullary tissues of human male kidneys were analyzed by enzymatic methods. Heparan sulfate was the main component, comprising approximately half of total AGAG, and was significantly higher in the cortex than in the medulla. In the cortex, the major AGAG was heparan sulfate (67% of total AGAG) followed by dermatan sulfate (17%). In the medulla, the main AGAG was also heparan sulfate (45%) followed by hyaluronic acid (15%) and chondroitin 4-sulfate (16%). A possible role of the different AGAG composition in the two regions is discussed.In this study, we compared the traditional murine model with renal pedicle clamp with models that clamped the renal artery or vein alone as well as to a whole body ischemia-reperfusion injury (WBIRI) model. Male C57BL/6J mice underwent either clamping of the renal artery, vein, or both (whole pedicle) for 30 or 45 min followed by reperfusion, or 10 min of cardiac arrest followed by resuscitation up to 24 h. After 30 min of ischemia, the mice with renal vein clamping showed the mostly increased serum creatinine and the most severe renal tubule injury. After 45 min of ischemia, all mice with renal vasculature clamping had a comparable increase in serum creatinine but the renal tubule injury was most severe in renal artery-clamped mice. Renal arterial blood flow was most decreased in mice with a renal vein clamp compared with a renal artery or pedicle clamp. A 30-or 45-min renal ischemia time led to a significant increase in the protein level of interleukin-6, keratinocyte-derived chemokine (KC), and granular colony-stimulating factor in the ischemic kidney, but the KC was the highest in the renal pedicle-clamped kidney and the lowest in the renal vein-clamped kidney. Of note, 10 min of WBIRI led to kidney dysfunction and structural injury, although less than longer time clamping of isolated renal vasculature. Our data demonstrate important differences in ischemic AKI models. Understanding these differences is important in designing future experimental studies in mice as well as clinical trials in humans. This study aims to compare whether 2 different routes of renal denervation (RDN) from the intima and adventitia of the renal artery can reduce renal fibrosis in a pig model of hypertension induced by a high-fat diet and to explore possible molecular mechanisms.Twenty-four Bama miniature pigs were randomly divided into a control group (normal diet,= 6) or a hypertension model group (high-fat diet,= 18). The model group was randomly divided into the intima-RDN group ( = 6), the adventitia-RDN group ( = 6), or the renal arteriography-only group (sham group,= 6). All animals were fed separately. The model group was fed a high-fat diet after the operation, and the control group was fed conventionally for 6 months. After 6 months, renal artery angiography was performed again to observe the condition of the renal arteries, after which all animals were euthanized. The blood pressure and blood biochemical results of each group were evaluated 6 months after the operation; kidney tissue morphology and collagen fiber content were examined by hematoxylin-eosin staining and Masson staining; superoxide dismutase activity and the malondialdehyde content of kidney tissue were assessed by a biochemical enzyme method; the protein expression level of transforming growth factor-β 1 (TGF-β1), α-smooth muscle actin (α-SMA), and Smad3 was assessed by Western blot, and electron microscopy was used to examine changes in the kidney microstructure.After 6 months of a high-fat diet, the blood lipid levels of the model group were significantly higher compared to baseline and to that of the control group during the same period (all showed0.05); the blood lipid levels of the control group did not change significantly from baseline (0.05). The degree of glomerular damage caused by hyperlipidemia in the intima-RDN group and the adventitia-RDN group was significantly lower than that of the sham and control groups, and the renal fibrosis area percentage was also significantly lower (0.05). Electron microscopy showed that both the intima-RDN group and the adventitia-RDN group had a more even distribution of chromosomes and less mitochondrial swelling compared with the sham group.RDN from the adventitia of the renal artery and RDN from the intima of the renal artery have the similar advantages of delaying high-fat-induced renal fibrosis. The antifibrotic effect of RDN may be related to inhibition of the TGF-β1/Smad3 pathway. Renal functional adaptation to additional nephrons was studied in rats in which a third kidney was transplanted isogeneically. Total renal function did not increase when an extra kidney was added. Quantitation of the contribution of each kidney, by means of a Tc-DTPA scan, showed that the glomerular filtration rate of the native kidneys had decreased to counterbalance the added function. The glomerular filtration rate of the transplanted kidney as well as its number of glomeruli were 20% less than that of the intact native kidneys. The present findings once again illustrate the kidney’s remarkable capacity for functional adaptation to a change in the total number of nephrons.Senescence is a state of terminal growth arrest, with associated structural and functional changes in the affected cell. Cellular senescence can be induced in embryogenesis and in response to stimuli including aging, DNA damage, and cell stress. There is great interest in the physiological function and pathological role of senescent cells in the progression of the renal aging phenotype and chronic kidney disease. This chapter will explore the incomplete but evolving knowledge of the roles for senescence in the developing, injured, aged, and scarred kidneys. The potential for senescent cells to be targeted to maximize renal protection in the face of aging and injury will also be summarized.Hypoalbuminemia is common in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). It is caused by a combination of a reduced synthesis and an increased degradation of albumin. The altered albumin homeostasis in ESRD patients is caused by a systemic inflammatory state which correlates closely with mortality. Hypoalbuminemia is a strong predictor of an adverse prognosis, but it is not a pathogenic factor in itself. In critically ill patients in intensive care units, the intravenous administration of human serum albumin generally does not improve prognosis. In contrast, in hypoalbuminemic dialysis patients with volume overload and a reduced effective arterial volume the administration of albumin is based on the pathophysiological concept of increasing intravascular oncotic pressure to transfer extravascular fluid into the intravascular compartment for ultrafiltration in order to mobilize edema fluid. The renal resistive index (RI) is a novel candidate as a renal injury prognostic indicator, but it remains unclear how renal RI levels correspond to renal injury in diabetic nephropathy.To examine this issue, we compared 8-week-old male C57BL/6 mice fed with high-fat diet (HFD) versus chow diet (CHD) for 16 weeks. At 8 and 12 weeks, the glomerular filtration rate (GFR), urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), and inflammatory factors (IL-1β, IL-6, TNFα, and MCP-1) were measured, along with the increase in renal RI.Our study suggests RI values positively correlate with GFR for the first 12 weeks of HFD feeding. In contrast, the GFR of 16-week HFD feeding is lower than that of 12-week HFD feeding, whereas RI levels are significantly increased. Additionally, our study suggests RI values accurately indicate the renal fibrosis and renal injury in HFD-fed mice treated with .This study seems to confirm the utility of a noninvasive and repeatable ultrasound parameter to rapidly evaluate renal fibrosis in a HFD-induced type 2 diabetic mouse model in . This highly sensitive and comparable renal RI measurement could monitor the whole procedure of disease development in real-time. RI measurement of the renal artery is capable of differentiating responses to standard therapy with lovastatin in HFD-fed mice from the CHD group. Endogenous mechanisms exist to limit inflammation. One such molecule is netrin. This study examined the impact of ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) on netrin expression and the role of netrin in preventing renal inflammation and injury. All three isoforms of netrin (1, 3, and 4) are expressed in normal kidney. I/R significantly downregulated netrin-1 and -4 mRNA expression, whereas expression of netrin-3 was moderately upregulated at 24 h of reperfusion. The netrin receptor UNC5B mRNA increased at 3 h and but decreased at later time points. Expression of a second netrin receptor, DCC, was not altered significantly. I/R was associated with dramatic changes in netrin-1 protein abundance and localization. Netrin-1 protein levels increased between 3 and 24 h after reperfusion. Immunolocalization showed an interstitial distribution of netrin-1 in sham-operated kidneys which colocalized with Von Willebrand Factor suggesting the presence of netrin-1 in peritubular capillaries. After I/R, interstitial netrin-1 expression decreased and netrin-1 appeared in tubular epithelial cells. By 72 h after reperfusion, netrin-1 reappeared in the interstitium while tubular epithelial staining decreased significantly. Downregulation of netrin-1 in the interstitium corresponded with increased MCP-1 and IL-6 expression and infiltration of leukocytes into the reperfused kidney. Administration of recombinant netrin-1 significantly improved kidney function (blood urea nitrogen: 161 ± 7 vs. 104 ± 24 mg/dl, creatinine: 1.3 ± 0.07 vs. 0.75 ± 0.16 mg/dl, P0.05 at 24 h) and reduced tubular damage and leukocyte infiltration in the outer medulla. These results suggest that downregulation of netrin-1 in vascular endothelial cells may promote endothelial cell activation and infiltration of leukocytes into the kidney thereby enhancing tubular injury.  Acute kidney injury is an important complication in hospitalized patients often diagnosed late and associated with high mortality and morbidity. Although biomarkers for nephrotoxicity are available, they often lack sensitivity and specificity for detecting tubular injury. Netrin-1 is a laminin-like molecule highly expressed in many organs including kidney. To determine the value of netrin-1 as a biomarker of renal injury, we analyzed its urinary excretion following ischemia-reperfusion-, cisplatin-, folic acid-, and endotoxin-induced renal injury in mice. Urinary netrin-1 levels increased markedly within 3 h of ischemia-reperfusion (40 ± 14-fold, P0.01 vs. baseline), reached a peak level at 6 h, and decreased thereafter, returning to near baseline by 72 h. Serum creatinine significantly increased only after 24 h of reperfusion. Similarly, in cisplatin-, folic acid-, and lipopolysaccharide-treated mice, urine netrin-1 excretion increased as early as 1 h and reached a peak level at 6 h after injection. However, serum creatinine was raised significantly after 6, 24, and 72 h after folic acid, lipopolysaccharide, and cisplatin administration, respectively. NGAL excretion in folic acid- and lipopolysaccharide-treated mice urine samples could only be detected by 24 h after drug administration. Furthermore, urinary netrin-1 excretion increased dramatically in 13 acute renal failure patients, whereas none was detected in 6 healthy volunteer urine samples. Immunohistochemical localization showed that netrin-1 is highly expressed in tubular epithelial cells in transplanted human kidney. We conclude that urinary netrin-1 is a promising early biomarker of renal injury.  Kidney injury diagnosis is often delayed in patients with gout. We aimed to determine the characteristics of gout patients with CKD using musculoskeletal ultrasound (MSUS) and whether MSUS could be used as an auxiliary assessment to evaluate kidney injury and predict renal outcome in patients with gout.Clinical information, laboratory indicators, and MSUS findings were collected and compared between gout-only patients (gout – CKD) and gout patients with CKD (gout + CKD). Multivariate logistic regression was applied to identify risk factors for clinical and MSUS characteristics in both groups. Correlation analysis between MSUS signs and kidney-related indicators was performed, and the effects of MSUS characteristics on renal prognosis were evaluated.In total, 176 patients with gout were included, namely, 89 gout – CKD and 87 gout + CKD cases. After adjusting for confounders, the gout patients with CKD showed more frequent episodes in the previous year, higher ultrasound semiquantitative scores, and more tophi than gout patients without CKD. Additionally, the number of tophi, bone erosion, and synovial hypertrophy measured by MSUS was found to be negatively correlated with the eGFR. The existence of tophi was independently associated with an increased risk of a ≥10% decline in eGFR in the first-year follow-up (OR, 3.56; 95% CI, 1.382–9.176).Ultrasound-detected tophi, bone erosion, and synovial hypertrophy were associated with kidney injury in gout patients. The existence of tophi was associated with faster renal function deterioration. MSUS could be a potential auxiliary diagnostic method to evaluate kidney injury and predict renal outcome in gout patients. In COVID-19 infection, most of the renal disturbances are due to acute tubular necrosis. Renal dysfunction occurs in severe COVID-19 infection and is usually secondary to sepsis, cytokine storm, and hypotension. Other conditions, such as exacerbated inflammatory responses, dehydration, hypoxia, hypercoagulability, endothelial damage, pneumonia, septicemia, drug nephrotoxicity, and myocardial dysfunction also contribute to renal failure. In the first part of this series on types of donors, David Curran encourages health professionals to be aware of developments in guidance about the transplantation waiting list. Patient education is also vital to ensure they are prepared when they receive a call for a kidney from a deceased donor. Kidney disease is a crippling disease that affects approximately ten percent of the population worldwide, with more than 2.6 million individuals estimated to receive renal replace therapy. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is fast becoming a major public health issue even in resource poor settings, with some estimates predicting a disproportionate increase in countries such as China and India. Consequently, renal protection has become a vital and critical component of prevention. While observational data suggests that awareness remains low, the concept of renal protection is currently under-recognized in promoting recovery as well as preventing further renal loss. Kidney Protection: Strategies for Renal Preservation is a clinically applicable review of the current medical care and research that aims to address the awareness gap. The authors combine renal protection research and clinical practices with an interdisciplinary approach that is inclusive of nephrology,urology, critical care, anesthesia, emergency medicine and clinical medicine.Written by experts in the field of nephrology, the authors have also included applicable photographs and line drawings. The specific topics covered include: protection of the kidneys in hypertension, diabetes and heart disease, exposure to contrast including coronary angiogram, atherosclerosis, and more. This handbook is formatted to emphasize clinical practice points and major systemic illnesses. Additionally, it features the latest evidence-based practice guidelines for optimal renal outcomes, thus, making it a concise reference for the busy clinician interested in understanding the basics of kidney disease assessment, renal injury prevention, and renal preservation.In 10 healthy volunteers the renal handling of fluoride was investigated by standard clearance techniques. The renal fluoride clearance ranged from 12.4 to 71.4 ml/ min, values consistently less than corresponding glomerular filtration rates as estimated by the Cr-EDTA clearance. The fractional excretion of fluoride correlated with fractional water reabsorption (r = 0.87). It is concluded that renal fluoride excretion is characterized by free filtration at the glomeruli and subsequent net tubular back diffusion.Acute kidney injury (AKI) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) are considered separate entities that both frequently cause renal failure. Since ADPKD appears to depend on a polycystin-1 (Pc1) or Pc2 dosage mechanism, we investigated whether slow progression of cystogenesis in two Pkd1 transgenic mouse models can be accelerated with moderate ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI). Transient unilateral left ischemic kidneys in both nontransgenic and transgenic mice reproducibly develop tubular dilatations, cysts, and typical PKD cellular defects within 3 mo post-IRI. Similar onset and severity of IRI induced-cystogenesis independently of genotype revealed that IRI is sufficient to promote renal cyst formation; however, this response was not further amplified by the transgene in Pkd1 mouse models. The IRI nontransgenic and transgenic kidneys showed from 16 days post-IRI strikingly increased and sustained Pkd1/Pc1 (3-fold) and Pc2 (8-fold) expression that can individually be cystogenic in mice. In parallel, long-term and important stimulation of hypoxia-inducible factor 1α expression was induced as in polycystic kidney disease. While mammalian target of rapamycin signaling is activated, stimulation of the Wnt pathway, with markedly increased active β-catenin and c-Myc expression in IRI renal epithelium, uncovered a similar regulatory cystogenic response shared by IRI and ADPKD. Our study demonstrates that long-term AKI induces cystogenesis and cross talk with ADPKD Pc1/Pc2 pathogenic signaling.Although only 10-15% of renal blood flow enters the medulla, renal medullary hemodynamics have been implicated as a key factor for the ability of the kidney to excrete concentrated or diluted urine and to be involved in sodium homeostasis. Due to the obvious importance of medullary hemodynamics, several methods have been developed or modified for estimating regional renal blood flow. The aim of the present paper is to evaluate critically the most commonly used methods available today. Those which are considered in this paper are: (1) albumin accumulation (Lilienfield), (2) rubidium-86 uptake, (3) transit time-indicator dilution, (4) red cell velocity tracking, (5) red cell flux (fluorescently labeled red cells) and (6) laser-Doppler flowmetry. Depending on the method of choice, the reported control values for renal medullary blood flow differ up to tenfold. Overall, it appears that the discrepancies in values obtained from the different methods will not be resolved until the methods are compared directly in the same animal and during different experimental conditions. Furthermore, one needs to understand and describe accurately the involved errors so that proper corrections can be made. It seems likely, however, that the majority of the techniques can be used to study relative changes, but attempts should not be made to draw conclusions about the absolute flow value. In this regard the laser-Doppler method seems to be superior in its simplicity of use and its large advantage of continuous and relatively noninvasive measurement.This paper is a synopsis of an invited lecture entitled, The Future of Renal Nutrition, that was presented at the Japanese Society of Dialysis Therapy, July 2022. The purpose of this presentation is to suggest some of the advances in the field of renal nutrition that the authors think are likely to occur during the next several years. There will be continued development of methods for precisely diagnosing and classifying protein-energy wasting and developing methods to treat this disorder. Why weight loss commonly occurs when the GFR decreases to about 30–35 mL/min/1.73 m2 and why substantial weight loss (5%/year) is associated with increased mortality will be investigated. Clinical consequences of the interactions between gut microbiota, nutrient intake and other environmental influences will continue to be examined. The clinical value of diets high in fruits and vegetables or other plants for chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients will continue to be studied. Our knowledge of how different diets and medicines affect intestinal absorption, metabolism and excretion of nutrients will expand. Precision medicine will be extended to precision nutrition. There will be more focus on the effects of nutritional disorders and dietary treatment on the emotional status and quality of life of people with kidney disease and their families. Nutritional centers that provide centralized nutritional assessment and dietary counselling for CKD patients may develop in more urban centers. More clinical trials will be conducted to test whether nutritional management improves clinical outcomes in people with kidney disease. It is hoped that the foregoing comments will encourage more research on these topics.The comparative physiology of the renal proximal tubule (PT) is reviewed in the context of vertebrate evolution and vertebrate strategies of salt and water balance. Though extrarenal machanisms of salt and water balance contribute importantly to extracellular fluid (ECF) homeostasis in the lower vertebrates, the kidney acquires these functions with evolutionary progress and becomes the dominant organ of ECF homeostasis in mammals. In acquiring the major responsability over the ECF compartment the kidney favored filtration-reabsorption as the preferred mechanism for the rapid turnover of ECF with the advantage of providing quick renal regulatory responses. In spite of this specialization the structure and function of the PT do not appear to have undergone major evolutionary changes. In present-day vertebrates the PT remains as an immensely diverse transport epithelium with impressive capacities for both reabsorptive and secretory work, as exemplified by the mammalian PT with mostly reabsorptive functions and the PT of aglomerular kidneys with mostly secretory functions. The recent evidence for NaCl and fluid secretion in the PT of, unexpectedly, glomerular kidneys is consistant with the functional diversity and the conservative nature of evolution in the case of the PT.In renal ammoniagenesis, two major pathways of glutamine metabolism have been described: (i) intracellular metabolism by phosphate-dependent glutaminase (PDG) and glutamate dehydrogenase and (ii) extracellular metabolism by phosphate-independent glutaminase. The latter has been identified as the hydrolytic activity of the apically membrane-bound γ-glutamyl transpeptidase (γ-GT). The growth properties of cultured renal epithelia enable the study of in vitro extracellular metabolic properties occurring at the apical epithelial surface in the culture dish. Therefore, confluent epithelia of the LLC-PK renal epithelial cell line were used to elucidate the role of extracellular (apical) hydrolysis of glutamine by γ-GT in LLC-PK ammonia production. To distinguish between intra- and extracellular metabolism of glutamine, confluent LLC-PK epithelia were incubated with either -glutamine as substrate, which cannot be metabolized intracellularly by PDG, or with -glutamine and hippurate to stimulate, and AT-125 (acivicin) to inhibit γ-GT activity, respectively. In addition, cellular uptake of the glutamate, extracellularly formed by γ-GT, was inhibited by -aspartate. -Glutamine (2 ) did not increase ammonia formation above endogenous production levels, indicating the negligible role of extracellular hydrolysis of glutamine by γ-GT. After modulating γ-GT activity by hippurate or AT-125, almost identical ammonia production rates were found within the various experimental protocols, further confirming that extracellular metabolism of glutamine does not significantly contribute to LLC-PK ammoniagenesis.Background/Aims: Prolonged elevation of serum aldosterone leads to renal fibrosis. Inflammation also plays a role in the pathogenesis of renal disease. We used a rat model of interstitial renal fibrosis to test the hypothesis that eplerenone-mediated aldosterone blockade prevents renal fibrosis due to its anti-inflammatory and anti-proliferative effects. Methods: Eplerenone (a selective aldosterone blocker) or vehicle (control), was given to male Wistar rats (50 mg/kg, twice daily) for 7 days before unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO) and for an additional 28 days after surgery. Body weight, blood pressure, renal histo-morphology, immune-staining for macrophages, monocyte chemotactic protein-1, proliferating cell nuclear antigen, α-smooth muscle actin, and serum and urine markers of renal function and oxidative stress were determined for both groups on 7, 14, and 28 days after surgery. Results: Epleronone had no effect on body weight or blood pressure. However, eplerenone inhibited the development of renal fibrosis, inflammation (macrophage and monocyte infiltration), interstitial cell proliferation, and activation of interstitial cells (α-SMA expression). Epleronone also reduced oxidative stress. Conclusion: The anti-fibrotic effect of eplerenone appears to be unrelated to its effect on blood pressure. Eplerenone inhibits renal inflammation, interstitial cell proliferation, phenotypic changes of interstitial cells, and reduces oxidative stress.The effects of inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin system and prostaglandin synthesis were used to study furosemide-induced changes in renal hemodynamics. Extracellular fluid volume expansion augmented the increase in renal blood flow to furosemide when compared to hydropenic animals. Indomethacin, a prostaglandin synthetase inhibitor, blunted the effect of furosemide in volume-expanded animals. Neither SQ 20,881, an angiotensin I converting enzyme inhibitor, nor 1-Sar-8-A1a-angiotensin II, an angiotensin II antagonist, modified the response to the diuretic. The initial transient decrease in renal blood flow seen following furosemide was not modified by volume expansion, indomethacin, SQ 20,881 or 1-Sar-8-A1a-angiotensin II.In the last few years, we have focused our research effort on the magnetic resonance spectroscopic (NMR) studies of organ transplantation in the rat. P-31 NMR was employed to study changes in high-energy phosphates, intracellular pH in vivo of transplanted kidneys either during normal function, while undergoing the rejection process or subjected to other insults (e.g. ischemia, cyclosporine nephrotoxicity, urinary obstruction) which may also cause graft dysfunction. Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) parameters, specifically relative peak areas and intracellular pH, accurately distinguished among the different causes of graft dysfunction. Ureteral obstruction was clearly identified by elevations in the phosphodiester/urine phosphate peak. Ischemia and rejection were both associated with increases in inorganic phosphates and phosphomonesters and decreases in the beta-phosphate peak of adenosine triphosphate but were distinguishable from each other by differences in intracellular pH which was normal in rejected allografts (7.33 ± 0.07, n = 3) and low in ischemic allografts (7.00 ± 0.05, n = 3, p0.05). Grafts insulted with cyclosporine toxicity were not distinguishable from normal allografts by any of the parameters studied. To determine the temporal relationship of NMR changes in allograft rejection, similar studies were performed serially in a group of rejecting (R) kidneys (n = 7) and compared with a control group of nonrejecting (NR) kidneys (n = 7). Major decrease in adenosine triphosphate (ATP) with increases in Pi and a marked increase in the Pi/ATP ratio were noted in the R allografts over time. The R allografts could be completely segregated from the NR allografts on the basis of the Pi/ATP ratio by day 7. These data suggest that P NMR spectroscopy may have potential clinical application in differentiating among the causes of graft failure of human renal allografts.Perfusion of the renal medulla and osmotic hypertonicity of its interstitium are the two important features of this zone which can influence body fluid homeostasis, especially arterial blood pressure. Separate manipulation of the two variables is best obtained with the intramedullary infusion of active agents. In this study, a set-up combining the possibility of infusion into the medulla with measurement of local blood flow (MBF, laser-Doppler flux) and extracellular ion concentration (tissue electrical admittance, Y) was used to determine effects of intramedullary indomethacin (Indo) and adenosine (Ado) in anaesthetized rats. Intramedullary Indo, 1 mg –1 , significantly increased tissue Y, by 12 ± 3%, and significantly decreased MBF by 20 ± 3%.There was also an unexplained increase of sodium excretion (UV) by 169 ± 24% and of urine flow (V) by 62 ± 6% (n = 10, both p0.03). Intramedullary Ado, 5 µg, did not alter Y, MBF or UV, whereas V increased 45 ± 6% and urine osmolality decreased 25 ± 4% (both changes significant). Elevation of medullary interstitial Ado to a level that did not alter MBF or UV induced a moderate defect of urine concentration that was not due to a decrease in ionic medullary hypertonicity. Following a national patient safety alert regarding the standardisation of the early indication of acute kidney injury (AKI), there has been a drive to encourage an automated system in acute hospitals to detect changes in serum creatine concentration. In this article, Nick Selby et al describe an ambitious plan to capture data on the incidence and outcomes of AKI. Introduction: The status of embedded fistula before kidney transplant is one of the problems in patients after kidney transplant and without correct management, surely it can lead to severe complications. The vascular access of arteriovenous fistula (AVF) and its possible complications can be found using the registered data in patients who had undergone successful kidney transplant. This information may be useful to prevent possible complications in future.Objectives: This study was aimed to determine the status of vascular access before kidney transplant in patients with successful transplantation in Urmia city, Iran.Patients and Methods: This study was a historical cohort conducted on 201 patients from March 2009 to March 2012 who had undergone vascular access before kidney transplant. The related information about complications and functions of fistula were extracted from available records.Results: According to results, the patients were divided into four groups regarding fistula function including 104 patients (51.7%) with functional fistula after kidney transplant, 49 patients (24.4%) with spontaneously closed fistula, 37 patients (18.4%) with closed fistula through surgery and 11 patients (5.5%) with reduced blood flow of fistula.Conclusion: Despite the low incidence of heart failure in functional vascular access after successful renal transplantation, these patients should be followed up by cardiologists to avoid complications. Generally, closing vascular accesses after successful transplantation is not necessary. A major part of the success of modern kidney transplantation is the development of immunosuppressive therapies, changing the landscape of practice and enabling increasingly complex recipients. In this comment piece, Lisa Burnapp discusses the impact of recent recommendations from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence in relation to this.  At the age of twelve, Michelle Biscoe had developed the heart disease cardiomyopathy so severely that she needed a new heart to survive. Finally, after a long recovery, she managed to to lead a fullfilled and independent life, when she was told that her kidneys were failing her. Here is her extraordinary account.  In the past, patients affected by a rare kidney disease often experienced a frustrating long wait for the correct medical diagnosis with little support for them and their families. Health professionals often have to manage rare kidney diseases in relative isolation in their hospitals without the benefit of information sharing or existing pathways. Thanks to a growing awareness that rare diseases collectively are not that rare and deserve the attention and support of the community, national plans are being put in place that will bring together knowledge and expertise from around the country.  This is the second of a series of articles looking at acute kidney injury (AKI). Here Peter Ellis explains the policy context that underpins the management of AKI in the UK, as well as the national and international guidelines and the diagnostic and staging criteria that relate to AKI.  In the two previous papers in this series, Peter Ellis identified the three main classifications of acute kidney injury (AKI) as being pre-renal, renal (or intrinsic) and post-renal. In this third and final paper, the author will consider how the causes of AKI episodes indicate how they should be managed in clinical practice.  The National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE) has made recommendations for managing chronic kidney disease (CKD) in adults in primary and secondary care. Nicola Thomas reviews the recommendations of the guidance (including staging of CKD) and identifi es the ways in which organizations can implement the guidance. Cuproptosis is a newly identified programmed cell death pathway mediated by intracellular free copper. Three anti-cuproptosis genes (MTF1, GLS, and CDKN2A) and seven pro-cuproptosis genes (FDX1, LIAS, LIPT1, DLD, DLAT, PDHA1, and PDHB) genes with an anti-cuproptosis copper exporter ATP7B and a pro-cuproptosis copper importer SLC31A1 were studied in this study for a better insight into the role of cuproptosis in cancers. Our preliminary screening analysis based on these 12 cuproptosis genes across more than 9000 samples of 33 types of solid tumors identified kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC) as a cancer type most likely to be affected by cuproptosis. This study analyzed the multi-omic data to explore the cancer-noncancer expression pattern and potential immune involvement of the cuproptosis pathway in KIRC. We clustered the TCGA KIRC samples based on the cuproptosis gene set to study the role of cuproptosis in the KIRC immune and found the potential value of cuproptosis signature for immunotherapy prognosis. We concluded that cuproptosis might affect KIRC and had potential value in immune therapy. We hope this study can contribute to the application of cuproptosis in the clinical therapy of KIRC. The phenomenon of renal autoregulation is often thought to relate only to the manner in which the kidney responds to changes in arterial pressure. This review presents a more comprehensive description of the process based on the intrinsic renal vascular responses to changes in arterial pressure, venous pressure, ureteral pressure, and plasma colloid osmotic pressure. Regulation of glomerular filtration rate (GFR), or some function thereof, is the feature most consistently observed. More specifically, in response to external manipulations that change GFR, autonomous changes in renal vascular resistance tend to return GFR back towards normal. The bulk of the evidence suggests that the requisite renal vascular resistance alterations occur predominately at preglomerular segments. Most of the whole kidney autoregulatory responses can be explained on the basis of the distal tubule-glomerular feedback hypothesis, thought to be mediated by the macula densa-juxtaglomerular complex, which states that increases in distal volume delivery lead to increases in afferent arteriolar resistance while reduced distal delivery leads to afferent arteriolar dilation. Micropuncture data have demonstrated that interruption of distal volume delivery prevents single nephrons from autoregulating GFR and glomerular pressure. Also, single nephron glomerular filtration rate (SNGFR) based on proximal collections is higher than SNGFR measured by distal collections or with an indicator-dilution technique. Studies utilized direct microperfusion of the distal nephron from a late proximal tubule site have demonstrated that SNGFR and glomerular pressure decrease in response to increases in distal nephron perfusion rate. Although experiments in rats have been interpreted as indicating that distal chloride concentration and/or reabsorption most likely mediate the feedback responses, recent studies in dogs have demonstrated that feedback responses can be consistently obtained with nonelectrolyte perfusion solutions. These latter studies suggest that the feedback response may be sensitive to some function of total solute delivery or concentration. At present, there is no clear understanding of the intracellular events that link the compositional alterations occurring within the early distal tubule to the final effector system.  The isolated perfused kidney of the guinea pig has been used to assess the mechanism that accounts for the maintenance of the positive phosphate (Pi) balance during development. The kidneys obtained from mature guinea pigs (n = 25) had a glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 0.48 +/- 0.04 ml/min (mean +/- SE), whereas those of the newborn (n = 20) had a GFR of 0.15 +/- 0.02 ml/min. These values compare favorably with those observed in intact animals. The fractional excretion of Na+ (FENa) was 3.8 +/- 0.7% in the mature kidneys and 4.7 +/- 0.7% in the newborn kidneys. The maximal tubular reabsorption of Pi (TmPi) by the newborn kidney was 24.3 +/- 2.8 micrograms/min. The filtered load at which the TmPi of the newborn was reached exceeds by 2.5-fold the filtered load of Pi encountered under physiological conditions. In the adult the TmPi was 53.9 +/- 2.6 micrograms/min. The filtered load at which the TmPi of the adult was reached is only slightly higher than the average normal filtered load of Pi. The TmPi/GFR was significantly higher (P less than 0.02) in the newborn (117.4 +/- 10.8 micrograms X min-1 X ml-1 GFR) compared with the adult (82.6 +/- 3.6 micrograms X min-1 X ml-1 GFR). Moreover, at any filtered load of Pi below Tm the newborn animals reabsorbed twofold more Pi per gram kidney weight than the adult (P less than 0.01).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) Scope: The PAS stain is used to demonstrate polysaccharides such as glycogen, and mucosubstances such as glycoproteins, glycolipids and mucins in tissues.It is used as a replacement for the HE in kidney pathology.Expected Outcome: Intermyofibrillar Network…………………………..Pink to Rose Glycogen………………………………………………….…..Pink to Rose Myofibrils……………………………………………………..Unstained Type I fibers………………………………………………….Lighter Type II fibers…………………………………………………Darker Blood Vessel wallsconnective tissue…..Faintly Stained  The prevention and slowing of chronic kidney disease still represent major challenges in nephrology. To this end, a major contribution may come from the extensive knowledge on the molecular pathways involved in the pathogenesis of rare kidney diseases, since it is now possible to shed light on several aspects of these pathologies thanks to the introduction of new technologies, including next-generation sequencing.In steroid-resistant nephrotic patients, a genetic background has been demonstrated in both children and adults; individualized mutations have been correlated with glomerular filtration barrier alterations. In addition, studies on genetic tubulopathies expressing hypertensive phenotypes can provide useful information for a correct diagnostic and therapeutic approach in patients with essential hypertension and a poor responsiveness to therapy. Key Message: This review deals with the pathogenesis of rare glomerular diseases and tubulopathies associated with hypertension, highlighting the importance of the study of rare diseases to better understand the molecular basis of more common and complex disorders leading to end-stage renal disease. Pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PXE; OMIM 264800) is an inherited multisystem disorder associated with accumulation of mineralized and fragmented elastic fibers in the skin, vascular walls, and brush membrane in the eye. Carriers exhibit characteristic lesions in the cardiovascular system, and peripheral and coronary arterial disease as well as mitral valvulopathy often present as a cardiovascular feature of this disease. PXE and chronic kidney disease (CKD) share some common patterns in the vascular damage and in therapeutic approaches as well.To date, treating PXE has focused more on careful follow-up examinations with retinal specialists and cardiologist, avoiding long-term anticoagulation. Like CKD, maintaining a low-calcium diet, increasing dietary magnesium, and administering phosphate binders such as aluminum hydroxide or sevelamer may yield a modest benefit. Recently, 4-phenylbutyrate acid (4-PBA) has demonstrated a maturation of ABCC6 mutant effects into the plasma membrane. Moreover, in a humanized mouse model of PXE, 4-PBA administration restored the physiological function of ABCC6 mutants, resulting in enhanced calcification inhibition and thus a promising strategy for allele-specific therapy of ABCC6-associated calcification disorders. Key Message: Vascular compromise in PXE patients share some components similar to CKD. Here, we identified a cross talk between SET and MYND domain-containing lysine methyltransferase 2 (Smyd2) and transforming growth factor (TGF)-β-Smad3 signaling and a synergistic feedback loop between them, in which TGF-β stimulates expression of Smyd2 in a Smad3-dependent manner, and upregulation of Smyd2 regulates the transcription of TGF-β and other fibrotic marker genes through direct binding on their promoters or methylating histone H3 indirectly to regulate the transcription of those genes in fibroblasts. Thus, the Smyd2-TGF-β-Smad3-Smyd2 signaling axis plays an important role in promoting renal fibrosis, and targeting Smyd2 with its specific inhibitor should not only delay cyst growth but also ameliorate renal fibrosis in ADPKD.  It is unknown whether the microbiome influences host gene expression in the kidney. Here, we utilized an unbiased, bulk RNA-sequencing approach to compare gene expression in the kidneys of male and female mice with or without gut microbiota. This report demonstrates that renal gene expression is modulated by the microbiome in a sex- and tissue-specific manner.  White adipose tissue plays an important role in the development of metabolic disturbance, which is a common feature in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). The effect of CKD on white adipose tissue remains poorly appreciated. Here, we evaluated the inflammatory potential of visceral white adipose tissue in a rat model of CKD. The results showed that production of proinflammatory cytokines and infiltration of macrophage in the tissue were increased significantly in CKD rats compared with sham rats. Moreover, the primary adipocytes and stromal vascular fraction under the condition of CKD could trigger the inflammatory response in each other. Free fatty acid induced robust inflammatory response in ex vivo peritoneal-derived macrophages from CKD rats, which was associated with reduced activity of silent information regulator T1 (SIRT1). Improvement of SIRT1 activity by an activator could alleviate free fatty acid-induced inflammatory response in the macrophages and inflammation in the white adipose tissue. Moreover, oxidative stress occurred in the tissue and linked with the reduced activity of SIRT1 in macrophages and enhanced release of free fatty acid in the tissue. We thus identified CKD as a risk factor for chronic inflammation in white adipose tissue. These observations might open up new therapeutic strategies for metabolic disturbance in CKD via the modulation of adipose tissue-related pathways.  The B° transport system mediates the Na-driven uptake of a broad range of neutral amino acids into epithelial cells of small intestine and kidney proximal tubule. A corresponding transporter was identified in 2004 (A. Broer, K. Klingel, S. Kowalczuk, J. E. Rasko, J. Cavanaugh, and S. Broer. J Biol Chem 279: 24467–24476, 2004) within the SLC6 family and named B°AT1 (SLC6A19). A phylogenetically related transporter known as XT3 in human (SLC6A20) and XT3s1 in mouse was shown to function as an imino acid transporter, to localize also to kidney and small intestine and renamed SIT1 or Imino. Besides these two transporters with known functions, there are two other gene products belonging to the same phylogenetic B°AT-cluster, XT2 (SLC6A18) and rodent XT3 that are still “orphans.” Quantitative real-time RT-PCR showed that the mRNAs of the four B°AT-cluster members are abundant in kidney, whereas only those of B°AT1 and XT3s1/SIT1 are elevated in small intestine. In brain, the XT3s1/SIT1 mRNA is more abundant than the other B°AT-cluster mRNAs. We show here by immunofluorescence that all four mouse B°AT-cluster transporters localize, with differential axial gradients, to the brush-border membrane of proximal kidney tubule and, with the possible exception of XT3, also of intestine. Deglycosylation and Western blotting of brush-border proteins demonstrated the glycosylation and confirmed the luminal localization of B°AT1, XT2, and XT3. In summary, this study shows the luminal brush-border localization of the Na-dependent amino and imino acid transporters B°AT1 and XT3s1/SIT1 in kidney and intestine. It also shows that the structurally highly similar orphan transporters XT2 and XT3 have the same luminal but a slightly differing axial localization along the kidney proximal tubule. To characterize ischemia reperfusion injury (IRI)-induced acute kidney injury (AKI) in C57BL/6 (B6) and CD1-mice by longitudinal functional MRI-measurement of edema formation (T2-mapping) and inflammation (diffusion weighted imaging (DWI)). IRI was induced with unilateral right renal pedicle clamping for 35min. 7T-MRI was performed 1 and 14 days after surgery. DWI (7 b-values) and multiecho TSE sequences (7 TE) were acquired. Parameters were quantified in relation to the contralateral kidney on day 1 (d1). Renal MCP-1 and IL-6-levels were measured by qPCR and serum-CXCL13 by ELISA. Immunohistochemistry for fibronectin and collagen-4 was performed. T2-increase on d1 was higher in the renal cortex (127 ± 5% vs. 94 ± 6%, p0.01) and the outer stripe of the outer medulla (141 ± 9% vs. 111 ± 9%, p0.05) in CD1, indicating tissue edema. Medullary diffusivity was more restricted in CD1 than B6 (d1: 73 ± 3% vs. 90 ± 2%, p0.01 and d14: 77 ± 5% vs. 98 ± 3%, p0.01). Renal MCP-1 and IL-6-expression as well as systemic CXCL13-release were pronounced in CD1 on d1 after IRI. Renal fibrosis was detected in CD1 on d14. T2-increase and ADC-reduction on d1 correlated with kidney volume loss on d14 (r = 0.7, p0.05; r = 0.6, p0.05) and could serve as predictive markers. T2-mapping and DWI evidenced higher susceptibility to ischemic AKI in CD1 compared to B6. Researchers based at the University College London Institute of Child Health, in collaboration with colleagues in Manchester, Cambridge, San Francisco and Leiden, have given fresh hope to people living with polycystic kidney disease (PKD) through groundbreaking research which has identified a new treatment for this condition. Angela Lumsdon discusses this important work. As it is known; the majority of the human subjects has two renal arteries arising from the abdominal aorta; each will supply one kidney but in 30% of individuals, certain variations can be found. Accessory renal arteries constitute the most common and clinically important of these variations. For our case report, we are presenting one of these different variations that can be found in the blood supply of the kidneys. During dissecting the abdomen of an approximately 65 years-old male cadaver, multiple variations were found. There were double right renal arteries with prehilar branching of the upper renal artery. We found also that the right renal vein ascended upwards obliquely before ending in the lateral aspect of the inferior vena cava. Variation in the renal vessels is relatively common, especially multiple renal arteries, and can go smoothly without any abnormalities with the function of the kidney, but in some situations like renal transplantations, vascular reconstructions, and various surgical and radiological diagnostic techniques, the study of the anatomy of these variations is of crucial importance to decrease the patient morbidity during surgical procedures. World Kidney Day this year focuses on diabetic kidney disease, an increasing concern given the continued rise in incidence of diabetes worldwide. Despite the high priority diabetes has been given, public health measures aimed at prevention and earlier detection of diabetes in the general population are less successful than hoped. Perhaps our attention should instead focus on treating those with known disease to prevent complications such as diabetic kidney disease.  In this section, Graham Cope presents a brief synopsis of a range of recently published articles that may be of interest to nurses working in the renal setting. The aim of this roundup is to provide an overview, rather than a detailed summary and critique, of the research papers selected. Should you wish to look at any of the papers in more detail for yourself, a full reference is provided. Present evidence suggests that the renal handling of magnesium is normally a filtration-reabsorption process as evidence for secretion is unsubstantiated. Magnesium reabsorption has distinctive features when compared with that of sodium and calcium. The proximal tubule concentration of magnesium rises to levels about 1.5 times greater than the glomerular filtrate and only 20–30% of the filtered magnesium is reabsorbed in this segment. Although the fractional reabsorption of magnesium is only half that of sodium, it changes in parallel with that of sodium in response to changes in extracellular fluid volume. The major portion of filtered magnesium (some 65%) is reabsorbed in the loop of Henle and evidence indicates that the thick ascending limb is the principal segment involved in magnesium absorption. Recent observations suggests that magnesium reabsorption in the ascending limb may be voltage dependent and secondary to active sodium chloride reabsorption. The loop of Henle appears to be the major nephron site where magnesium reabsorption is regulated possibly by cAMP-mediated hormones including parathyroid hormones, calcitonin, glucagon and antidiuretic hormone. About 10% of the filtered magnesium is delivered into the distal nephron. The distal tubule reabsorbs only a small fraction of the filtered magnesium which may be regulated by the same cAMP-mediated hormones involved in control of magnesium in the loop.HIV-positive individuals are at increased risk of kidney disease as a result of HIV-related kidney disease, toxicity of antiretroviral therapy, and accelerated progression of comorbid kidney disease. Because of the broad spectrum of disease, kidney biopsy should be considered in all HIV-positive individuals who present with kidney disease. While an effective combination antiretroviral therapy has substantially reduced the incidence of HIV-associated nephropathy, antiretroviral therapy appears to have less impact on immune-complex kidney disease and comorbid kidney diseases. The management of kidney disease in HIV-positive individuals is complicated by unique drug–drug interactions and drug effects on creatinine-based estimates of kidney function.The focus of this chapter is the use of imaging in providing the information necessary to protect the kidney from insults (metabolic and physical) and when needed to evaluate effects of age related renal changes, drugs, treatments, and trauma on renal function. Imaging is an integral part in the evaluation of the renal patient. Radiology has a mandate to help provide a diagnosis while balancing the benefits of imaging against any potential adverse effect encountered in the imaging process. Major considerations in deciding on how to best image a given patient include radiation exposure, contrast allergies, potential contrast toxicity (including systemic effects such as NSF), psychological effects (such as claustrophobia), and renal trauma secondary to interventional procedures.The kidney is a major site of pathologic complications in diabetes mellitus including those affecting the basement membrane. Although several hypotheses of the etiology of renal diabetic microangiopathy involve effects of insulin on basement membrane metabolism, little is known about the localization or properties of insulin receptors in isolated renal glomeruli. We have incubated isolated glomeruli and tubules with I-insulin and examined the binding of the hormone to these purified renal subfractions. Glomeruli and tubules exhibited specific binding of I-insulin at 22 °C which increased with time and protein concentration. Nonspecific binding accounted for 20–35% of the total binding observed. At a concentration of 1 ng/ml I-insulin specific binding reached a plateau within 60–90 min at 22 °C. Unlabeled insulin competitively displaced I-insulin from its binding sites with 2.8 × 10 Minsulin inhibiting half of the initial binding to glomeruli while a 10-fold higher concentration of unlabeled insulin was required to achieve a similar inhibition of tubular binding. Insulin analogues were less potent than insulin itself in inhibiting the binding of I-insulin to both glomeruli and tubules in the order of relative potency: insulindespentapeptide insulinproinsulin indicating the specificity of the binding. Scatchard analysis of the competition binding data of I-insulin to glomeruli and tubules was consistent with two distinct binding sites and/or negative cooperativity between one class of receptor sites. The binding of I-insulin to the glomerular receptor(s) exhibited a higher affinity than that to the tubular receptor(s) which had a greater binding capacity. These two subunits of the nephron, therefore, contain insulin receptors with different binding properties which may serve different functions.Quantitative studies of endogenous lysozyme (low molecular weight protein) were performed in rats. Urine and plasma concentrations of lysozyme and inulin were measured spectrophotometrically. An improved lysozyme assay (standard curve established by using egg white-lysozyme) enabled us to determine the mean plasma concentration of endogenous lysozyme (4.4 µg· ) and the urinary concentrations of endogenous lysozyme (between 0.1 and 3.8 µg · . The urinary concentrations of endogenous lysozyme were found to be dependent on urinary flow rate. High urinary concentrations (U) were found at low urinary flow rates (V). The excreted amount of endogenous lysozyme (U·V) was independent of urinary flow rate and yielded a constant value of 0.02µg·. Mean glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was 1.2 ml-while clearance of endogenous lysozyme averaged 0.0039 ml · . Inhibition of endogenous lysozyme reabsorption by cytochrome c was used to estimate the glomerular sieving coefficient of endogenous lysozyme in clearance experiments. C/GFR increased from a mean value of 0.0053 in control rats to 0.8 at maximal inhibition of tubular reabsorption of endogenous lysozyme by cytochrome c. Knowing the glomerular sieving coefficient, GFR and the lysozyme concentrations in plasma and urine samples, the filtered, excreted and reabsorbed lysozyme amounts could be calculated: 0.5% excreted and 99.5% reabsorbed. Reabsorbed endogenous lysozyme is stored in the kidney in high amounts (1,983 µg ·kidney).Kidney function is essential to a healthy pregnancy. Both pregnancy and chronic kidney disease (CKD) can impact the outcome of the other. While pregnancy is possible in women with CKD, both the mother and the foetus are at a high risk for complications as well as progression of CKD. Recognizing the many physiologic as well as anantomic adaptations that occur in the kidney during pregnancy is essential to prevention, early identification, diagnostic evaluation as well as therapeutic interventions that can lead to a successful pregnancy. This chapter reviews the etiology, diagnosis and management of the full spectrum of kidney injury including acute kidney injury, CKD, patients with end stage kidney disease requiring renal replacement therapy, pregnancy in patient’s with a renal graft and systemic illnesses associated with pregnancy.Endostatin, a protein derived from the cleavage of collagen XVIII by the action of proteases, is an endogenous inhibitor known for its ability to inhibit proliferation and migration of endothelial cells, angiogenesis, and tumor growth. Angiogenesis is defined as the formation of new blood vessels from pre-existing vasculature, which is crucial in many physiological processes, such as embryogenesis, tissue regeneration, and neoplasia.Increasing evidence shows that dysregulation of angiogenesis is crucial for the pathogenesis of renal and cardiovascular diseases. Endostatin plays a pivotal role in the regulation of angiogenesis. Recent studies have provided evidence that circulating endostatin increases significantly in patients with kidney and heart failure and may also contribute to disease progression. Key Message: In the current review, we summarize the latest findings on preclinical and clinical studies analyzing the impact of endostatin on renal and cardiovascular diseases. Angiotensin II (All) has many of the features of the archetypical growth factors and appears to be a growth regulator in the kidney. All binds to specific cell surface receptors present on a number of different renal cell types including mesangial, vascular smooth muscle, tubular and interstitial cells, and activates many of the intracellular signalling pathways associated with cell growth. In vitro All can potentiate the mitogenic effect of other growth factors such as EGF. All induces hypertrophy of vascular smooth muscle cells but the role of All in the growth of other renal cell types has not been systematically studied.Doppler ultrasonography has been informed to be able to differentiate between obstructive and non-obstructive renal disease. It has also been suggested that severe urinary obstructions may cause decrease in blood flow and increase in vascular resistance. Doppler measurement of the resistive index can detect these changes. Doppler ultrasound can determine intrarenal resistivity index (RI) in renal stone obstruction. RIvalues provide reliable cutoff values to compare the normal and obstructed kidney resistivity index. Malnutrition is common in hospitalised patients, and studies indicate that 50% patients who are admitted to specialist renal wards may be malnourished. The detection of malnutrition is challenging, particularly in patients with renal disease. Nutrition screening is a brief malnutrition risk assessment and provides the opportunity for early detection and prompt treatment of malnutrition  Although renal anemia has attracted widespread attention, a large proportion of chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients with anemia still do not meet the hemoglobin (Hb) targets. The discovery of prolyl hydroxylase domain (PHD) enzymes as regulators of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-dependent erythropoiesis has led to the development of novel therapeutic agents for renal anemia. Roxadustat, the first small-molecule HIF-PHD inhibitor, has completed the phase 3 trials. There are currently more than 15 phase 3 clinical trials worldwide assessing the efficacy and safety of roxadustat in CKD patients with anemia. This review will summarize recent findings of roxadustat in the treatment of renal anemia.Although the administration of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs) and iron supplementation are a well-established and highly effective therapeutic approach for renal anemia, there are several safety concerns. Current findings from phase 2 and 3 trials suggest that roxadustat is clinically effective and well tolerated. On the one hand, roxadustat could increase endogenous erythropoietin (EPO) levels within or near physiological range in a titratable manner by inducing HIF pathway activation transiently. On the other hand, roxadustat also improves iron metabolism by decreasing serum hepcidin and increasing intestinal iron absorption, which is beneficial to functional iron deficiency and absolute iron deficiency. More importantly, the erythropoietic response of roxadustat is independent of baseline inflammatory state of CKD patients. Thus, the discovery of roxadustat will revolutionize the treatment strategy for renal anemia. Key Messages: Roxadustat is an emerging and promising therapeutic approach against anemia in CKD patients, which differs from those of conventional ESAs. Roxadustat corrects anemia of CKD patients through multiple pathways, beyond elevating EPO levels within physiological range, and also by handling iron metabolism (particularly decreasing the hepcidin levels). Furthermore, the Hb response of roxadustat is independent of the inflammatory microenvironment.Brush border membranes (BBM) have been prepared from fresh samples of normal human kidney cortex and compared to that from mouse, rat, and rabbit. Human BBM presents a sodium dodecyl sulfate gel electrophoresis protein pattern similar to that of the animal species with 22 proteins having the same molecular weight (MW). Incubation with inorganic P reveals a phosphate-binding protein (MW 78,000) common to the animal species. However, the binding capacity is lower in man: 4.3 ± 2.2 pmol Pi/mg protein compared to 9.9 ± 2.1, 29.7 ± 4.3, and 31.1 + 5.2 in rabbit, mouse, and rat, respectively. The MW of the binding protein corresponds to that of the monomer of alkaline phosphatase. Alkaline phosphatase activity follows the same increasing order in the four species. The Na gradient-dependent Pi uptake by human BBM vesicles is low: V is 0.90 + 0.05 nmol/mg/ 20 s compared to 1.3 + 0.1, 1.5 + 0.2, and 5.2 + 0.2 in rabbit, mouse, and rat, respectively. However, the K values are within the same range for the four species.Background: Changes in population structure, aging pattern, and the increasing prevalence of diabetes and hypertension, are behind the increase in chronic kidney disease (CKD) prevalence and end stage renal disease (ESRD). Reliable and updated information on CKD patients and ESRD patient numbers and treatment modalities are essential to understand the real estimate of the renal disease burden in many countries. It was the aim of our study to investigate different regions of the world, as defined by world health organization (WHO): Africa, the Americas, South East Asia, Europe, East Mediterranean, and West Pacific regions, regarding many aspects of renal disease and renal replacement therapy.Purpose: To determine the prevalence, clinical manifestations, and outcomes of renal involvements in pediatric Alagille syndrome (ALGS).Methods: A total of 21 patients diagnosed with ALGS at age under 18 years who visited Samsung Medical Center from March 1999 to March 2022 were enrolled. ALGS was diagnosed either by clinical manifestations, targeted JAG1 sequencing, and/or liver biopsy. Medical records including sex, age, renal manifestations, urinalysis, serum creatinine, JAG1 sequencing, and ultrasonography were retrospectively reviewed.Results: The male to female ratio was 9:12. The mean age of patients at confirmative diagnosis of ALGS was 18.4 months. Sanger sequencing was performed for 17 patients. Sixteen of 21 patients (76.1%) showed JAG1 mutations. Renal involvement was found in 10 patients (47.6%). The most common type of anomaly was renal dysplasia (40%). One patient having renal dysplasia was pathologically confirmed with glomerular lipid deposition. Two patients (20%) manifested nephrocalcinosis/nephrolithiasis. Among eight renal-involved patients who survived, four (50%) progressed to chronic kidney disease stage 3. Two of these chronic kidney disease patients were diagnosed with hepatorenal syndrome. The other four patients had renal functions preserved, including two without any interventions and two who underwent urological interventions.Conclusions: The current study revealed a high prevalence of renal involvement in Korean pediatric ALGS with diverse phenotypes. Related studies have demonstrated a relationship of elevated serum uric levels with a decline in kidney function. However, limited evidence exists in a Southeast Asian community-based population.The study aimed to examine the relationship between serum uric acid levels and impaired renal function.A prospective cohort study was conducted in the Thai army health checkup population between July 1, 2006 and December 31, 2012. Inclusion criteria included age older than 20 years and baseline estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) over 60 mL/min/1.73 . Cox regression analysis was used to evaluate the association between incidence of impaired renal function and baseline serum uric acid quartiles. Impaired renal function was defined as eGFR 60 mL/min/1.73over 3 months.A total of 9,534 participants (7,474 men and 2,060 women) were enrolled. Cox regression analysis revealed a significant association of serum uric acid level with impaired renal function in the whole population as the unadjusted hazard ratio (HR) (95% CI) of impaired renal function in second, third, and fourth quartiles were 2.1 (1.39, 3.17), 2.39 (1.6, 3.59), and 3.94 (2.71, 5.74), respectively, when compared with serum uric acid in the first quartile, respectively. After adjusting in 2 models, the HR still significantly persisted with similar magnitudes in all quartiles. Higher incidences of impaired renal function were observed among males than among females in all quartiles. Kaplan-Meier curve showed better renal survival rate in the lower quartile groups. Linear regression analysis showed that eGFR negatively correlated with serum uric acid ( = −0.213,0.001).Our study suggests that an independent association exists of serum uric acid levels with the incidence of impaired renal function and renal progression in the Southeast Asian community-based population. Isolated nonperfused proximal tubules maintained their cell volume at a constant level (isovolumetric regulation, IVR), when osmolality of the bathing medium was gradually decreased from 290 to 190mosm at 1.5 and 5.0mosm/min. Hypotonic IVR was blocked by inhibiting the N pump with ouabain (10M) when osmolality was decreased at 1.5 or 5 mosm/min. Concentration-dependent inhibition of cell volume maintenance was observed in the presence of the K channel blocker barium (10 M) when osmolality decreased at 5 mosm/min. Quinine (10-M), another K channnel blocker, also inhibited IVR at osmolality decreases of 1.5 and 5 mosm/min. These results suggest that the maintenance of constant cell volume during gradual hypoosmotic exposure involves mechanisms that depend on intact Na-K-ATPase and the controlled loss of intracellular K. Screening for renal disease can save many lives each year, but it is also important to consider the ethics of screening programmes. In this article, Peter Ellis looks at the criteria that apply to a screening programme and what these criteria mean for the people being screened  Renal interstitial fibrosis is characterized by the accumulation of extracellular matrix proteins, which is a common feature of chronic kidney diseases.Increasing evidence has shown the aberrant expression of histone deacetylases (HDACs) in the development and progression of renal fibrosis, suggesting the possibility of utilizing HDAC inhibitor (HDACi) as therapeutics for renal fibrosis. Recent studies have successfully demonstrated the antifibrotic effects of HDACis in various animal models, which are associated with multiple signaling pathways including TGF-β signaling, EGRF signaling, signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 pathway, and JNK/Notch2 signaling. This review will focus on the utilization of HDACi as antifibrotic agents and its relative molecular mechanisms. Key Messages: HDACis have shown promising results in antifibrotic therapy, and it is rational to anticipate that HDACis will improve clinical outcomes of renal fibrosis in the future.While many compounds are known to be environmental and occupational nephrotoxins, it is often difficult to define the exact contribution of individual toxins to the development of kidney disease. This chapter discusses the relationship of environmental and occupational toxins to kidney diseases, explores the pathogenesis of nephrotoxicity of specific agents, stresses the importance of removal from the toxic agent(s), and describes considerations relevant to medical treatment of selected toxic exposures causative of kidney disease. A number of individual nephrotoxins such as heavy metals, silica compounds, herbal medications, and food additives are discussed in more detail, as is the epidemiology of chronic kidney disease and acute kidney injury due to environmental and occupational toxins. Options for treatment and controversies pertaining to the therapy of toxic agents causative of kidney disease are explored, particularly the role of chelation of heavy metals.More than 30% of the world population will develop chronic kidney disease (CKD) during their life. More than 10% of the world population live with CKD and, therefore, are at higher risk of cardiovascular events, acute kidney injury episodes, progression to end-stage renal disease, and death. Risk factors of kidney disease occurrence may be intrinsic in a “patient at risk” or be related to a “situation at risk.” Primary prevention among the identified risk groups must be organized to decrease the risk of kidney disease appearance. Moreover, many risk factors also contribute to kidney damage progression in patients with CKD, and, therefore, they also are the target of secondary prevention. Because of restricted funding, the issue of unequal access to treatment, in particular to renal replacement therapy, explain most of the geographical differences observed.Endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration (EUS-FNA) biopsy sampling of enlarged lymph nodes is increasingly used to diagnose metastatic tumors, especially of the gastrointestinal tract and the lungs. Herein, we describe the diagnosis of metastatic renal cell carcinoma from a native kidney of a 54 year-old male patient, who had a 5-years history of renal transplant, by EUS-FNA of mediastinal and celiac lymph nodes. Histological and immunohistochemical findings confirmed the origin of metastatic tumor. EUS-FNA with proper cytological evaluation can be useful in the diagnosis of metastatic renal cell carcinoma in renal transplant patients.Patients with severe acute kidney injury who require renal replacement therapy have high mortality rates. Controversy exists over whether a mortality benefit occurs with use of a more intensive renal replacement therapy regimen. In this multicenter, prospective study, 1124 patients requiring renal replacement therapy for severe acute kidney injury were randomized to a more and a less intensive renal replacement therapy regimen and were followed for 60 days. There was no statistical difference in mortality at 60 days (53.6% intensive, 51.5% less intensive,= 0.47) and no difference in kidney recovery or non-renal organ failure. Hypotension and electrolyte abnormalities were more common in the intensive renal replacement regimen. A less intensive renal replacement regimen (intermittent hemodialysis 3 times a week or continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration at 20ml/kg/hour) was found noninferior to a more intensive renal replacement strategy (dialysis 6 times per week or continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration at 35 ml/kg/hour).Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is an inherited renal disorder that impacts approximately 12 million worldwide. It is characterized by bilateral kidney enlargement and cystic growth. Hypertension (HTN) is a focal point in the management of ADPKD and is linked to a faster progression to end stage renal disease. Current novel therapies have proven to reduce the progression of renal damage. The ideal goal is to minimize risk through preventative studies and pharmacology to further increase life expectancy and quality. The purpose of this article is to highlight the importance of blood pressure management in ADPKD and review current literature to determine the most effective preventative pharmacotherapy. Annette Davies provides an overview of how to manage acute kidney injury (AKI). She emphazises the importance of preventing AKI and gives clear clinical management goals and instructions on how best to manage AKI patients, identifying fluid balance as one of the key issues for successful treatment.  Karen Jenkins covers the fundamental nursing aspects of anaemia of chronic kidney disease—its definition, the processes in the body that lead to it and its sign and symptoms. Nurses will also find up-to-date information about the various forms of iron and erythropoietic therapy currrently available.  After reading an inspiring newspaper article, Celia Kent decided to donate her kidney to someone she had never met. Celia is proud of what she has done, with the support of her friends and live donor nurse Catherine O'Malley, to transform the life of someone who was suffering.  Susan Pickard explains how to assess anaemia in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). The patient assessment process is informed by an understanding of the multiple possible causes of anaemia in kidney patients. Susan Pickard describes the recommended and relevant laboratory investigations and how to interpret the results.  Caroline Ashley gives an overview of drug-induced acute kidney injury (AKI), listing the causes and drugs that can potentially injure the kidneys and explaining the mechanisms by which the injury may be caused. Knowing the risk factors that increase the incidence of AKI after drug exposure and taking measures that help reduce risks will help prevent this potentially life-threatening emergency. Tubulocystic renal cell carcinoma of the kidney is a rare entity with less than one hundred cases reported so far. It was previously considered to have some similarities to various other renal cancers although this tumor has distinct macroscopic, microscopic, and immuno-histochemical features. It is now a well-established entity in renal neoplastic pathology and has been recognized as a distinct entity in the 2012 Vancouver classification of renal tumors. This review aims to give an overview of tubulocystic renal cell carcinoma after extensive literature search using PubMed and CrossRef.
 Hyperphosphataemia occurs when there is insufficient filtering of phosphate from the body by poorly functioning kidneys. Although it is a common complication of chronic kidney disease, there is wide variation between units and practices in the UK when it comes to managing the condition. Clair Huckerby and Indranil Dasgupta summarise the recommendations from recent guidance.  Sharon Benton provides an overview of the benefits for introducing and administering intravenous (IV) iron to patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) in a community setting. She describes iron deficiency and gives an overview of different treatment options. Her story of setting up a community IV iron service in Cornwall is another example of patient-focused care can saves costs as well.  Sometimes a campaign starts a revolution. In this case, the Campaign for Greener Healthcare has delivered step-wise changes with gathering momentum and is therefore more closely aligned to a social movement, akin to evolutionary change.  The importance of the immune system in hypertension, vascular disease, and renal disease has been appreciated for over 50 years. Recent experimental advances have led to a greater appreciation of the mechanisms whereby inflammation and immunity participate in cardiovascular disease. In addition to the experimental data, multiple studies in patients have demonstrated a strong correlation between the observations made in animals and humans. Of great interest is the development of salt-sensitive hypertension in humans with the concurrent increase in albumin excretion rate. Experiments in our laboratory have demonstrated that feeding a high-NaCl diet to Dahl salt-sensitive (SS) rats results in a significant infiltration of T lymphocytes into the kidney that is accompanied by the development of hypertension and renal disease. The development of disease in the Dahl SS closely resembles observations made in patients; studies were therefore performed to investigate the pathological role of infiltrating immune cells in the kidney in hypertension and renal disease. Pharmacological and genetic studies indicate that immune cell infiltration into the kidney amplifies the disease process. Further experiments demonstrated that infiltrating T cells may accentuate the Dahl SS phenotype by increasing intrarenal ANG II and oxidative stress. From these and other data, we hypothesize that infiltrating immune cells, which surround the blood vessels and tubules, can serve as a local source of bioactive molecules which mediate vascular constriction, increase tubular sodium reabsorption, and mediate the retention of sodium and water to amplify sodium-sensitive hypertension. Multiple experiments remain to be performed to refine and clarify this hypothesis.  Delayed referral to secondary care can make it more challenging for patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) to transition to dialysis or prepare for a transplant. To ensure patients with progressive CKD get early specialist treatment and to reduce the rate of kidney function decline, Kidney Research UK has launched a project to drive measurable, sustainable change.  Chris Reid looks at how common anaemia is in children with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and what impact it may have. He then gives an overview of the current guidelines for treating renal-related anaemia and how treatment plans differ for children compared with adults.  Partially updated national guidelines on the identification and management of chronic kidney disease (CKD) have recently been published. The 2014 guidelines focus on diagnostic investigations, pharmacotherapy, self-management and acute kidney injury. Karen Jenkins gives renal health professionals an overview of the important changes in CKD classification and testing. One of the possible causes of renal failure due to heart failure is congestive kidney failure (CKF). Venous congestion has a key role in the development of renal dysfunction and damage in patients with heart failure. This condition is named congestive nephropathy. In this mini-review the common causes of congestive kidney failure, its pathophysiology, histopathological changes and treatment are discussed. Renal functional reserve (RFR) represents the capacity of the kidney to increase glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in response to certain physiological or pathological stimuli or conditions. Once baseline GFR is determined, RFR can be assessed clinically after an oral protein load or intravenous amino acid infusion. In clinical practice, baseline GFR displays variable levels due to diet or other factors. RFR is the difference between peak ‘stress' GFR induced by the test (p.o. or i.v.) and the baseline GFR. In clinical scenarios where hyperfiltration is present (high baseline GFR due to pregnancy, hypertension or diabetic nephropathy, in solitary kidney or kidney donors), RFR may be fully or partially used to achieve normal or supranormal renal function. Since commonly used renal function markers, such as GFR, may remain within normal ranges until 50% of nephrons are lost or in patients with a single remnant kidney, the RFR test may represent a sensitive and early way to assess the functional decline in the kidney. RFR assessment may become an important tool to evaluate the ability of the kidney to recover completely or partially after a kidney attack. In case of healing with a defect and progressive fibrosis, recovery may appear complete clinically, but a reduced RFR may be a sign of a maladaptive repair or subclinical loss of renal mass. Thus, a reduction in RFR may represent the equivalent of renal frailty or susceptibility to insults. The main aim of this article is to review the concept of RFR, its utility in different clinical scenarios, and future perspective for its use.Chronic kidney disease (CKD), a growing problem with an estimated prevalence of 74 [...]The list of indications for initiating regular dialysis treatment includes residual glomerular filtration rate (GFR). Under the current European Best Practice Guidelines for Hemodialysis, residual GFR (and the presence of one or more symptoms of uremia) should not decrease below 15 ml/min. The present article seeks to determine to what extent the modification of diet in renal disease (MDRD) equation enables the detection of this decrease in GFR. We tried to answer this question using a more detailed analysis of the relationship between MDRD and renal inulin clearance (C). Residual GFR based on C (under conditions of stable plasma levels and water loading) and GFR calculated using the MDRD equation was measured in 79 individuals with chronic renal failure (with mean C = 19.1 ± 10.1 ml/min/1.73 ). Statistical evaluation was performed using regression analysis, the interchangeability of both methods (Bland-Altman) and receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis. Regression analysis demonstrated a significant correlation between MDRD and C (r = 0.892; p0.001). However, the regression equation line for the correlation differs significantly from the identity line (p0.001). The value of the regression coefficient (0.722) is significantly lower than 1.0 (CI 0.63; 0.81). The mean MDRD – C difference was 3.26 ± 4.46 ml/min/1.73and the value was significantly different from zero (p0.001). The mean difference +2 SD was 12.2 ml/min/1.73 , and the mean – 2 SD was –5.7 ml/min/1.73 . ROC curve analysis (for a cutoff C = 15 ml/min/1.73 ) indicates an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.954 ± 0.023. The best combination of sensitivity and specificity was obtained for a MDRD of 19.7 ml/min/1.73 , with a sensitivity of 90.5% and specificity of 87.5%. For cutoff value of C = 10 ml/min/1.73 , the AUC was 0.939 ± 0.026 (CI 0.863–0.890). A combination of maximum sensitivity and specificity was obtained with an MDRD of 16.5 ml/min/1.73 . With this value, MDRD sensitivity was 100% and specificity 81.5%. A significant correlation between the MDRD equation and the measured creatinine clearance (C) was found (r = 0.883, p0.001). The mean difference of MDRD – C was –7.2 ± 6.5 ml/min/1.73 . This is significantly different from that of MDRD – C (p0.001). Our results suggest that MDRD and C in individuals with chronic renal failure are not interchangeable methods for a GFR 15 ml/min/1.73determination. However, MDRD may furnish valuable information in terms of detecting a critical decrease in GFR; but, the MDRD equation for this decrease in GFR (15 ml/min/1.73 ) will provide a somewhat higher value (19.7 ml/min/1.73 ).Recently published epidemiological and outcome analysis studies have brought to our attention the important role played by acute kidney injury (AKI) in the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) to end-stage renal disease (ESRD). AKI accelerates progression in patients with CKD; conversely, CKD predisposes patients to AKI. This research gives credence to older, well-thought-out wisdom that recovery from AKI is often not complete and is marked by residual structural damage. It also mirrors older experimental observations showing that unilateral nephrectomy, a surrogate for loss of nephrons by disease, compromises structural recovery and worsens tubulointerstitial fibrosis after ischemic AKI. Moreover, review of a substantial body of work on the relationships among reduced renal mass, hypertension, and pathology associated with these conditions suggests that impaired myogenic autoregulation of blood flow in the setting of hypertension, the arteriolosclerosis that results, and associated recurrent ischemic AKI in microscopic foci play important roles in the development of progressively increasing tubulointerstitial fibrosis. How nutrition, an additional factor that profoundly affects renal disease progression, influences these events needs reevaluation in light of information on the effects of calories vs. protein and animal vs. vegetable protein on injury and progression. Considerations based on published and emerging data suggest that a pathology that develops in regenerating tubules after AKI characterized by failure of differentiation and persistently high signaling activity is the proximate cause that drives downstream events in the interstitium: inflammation, capillary rarefaction, and fibroblast proliferation. In light of this information, we advance a comprehensive hypothesis regarding the pathophysiology of AKI as it relates to the progression of kidney disease. We discuss the implications of this pathophysiology for developing efficient therapeutic strategies to delay progression and avert ESRD.The role of repeat kidney biopsy in lupus nephritis (LN) with renal remission is unclear. The aim of this study was to assess this role in a real-life scenario. This retrospective, single-centre study included 56 patients with LN diagnosed from 1998 to 2019, with an initial kidney biopsy (KB1) at the onset of LN and a second kidney biopsy (KB2) after achieving renal remission. A total of 51 (91.1%) patients were women with a median age of 29.9 years [interquartile range (IQR) 23.4–40.6] at the time of LN diagnosis. KB2s were performed after 41.1 months (IQR 30.1–52.5) of KB1. At the time of KB2, complete renal response was achieved in 51 (91.1%) patients. The median activity index decreased from a baseline value of 6.5 (IQR 2.8–11) to 0 (IQR 0–2) (P.001). The chronicity index worsened from 1 (IQR 0–2) to 2 (IQR 1–3) (P = .01). In patients with proliferative/mixed forms at KB2, the chronicity index median value increased to 3 (IQR 1.5–4), as well as interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy $\ge $25%, from 5.4% to 13.5%. Persistent histological active LN (activity index ≥2) was present in 11 (19.6%) KB2s. There were no differences when comparing immunological parameters between both groups (activity index ≥2 versus 2) at KB2, nor in the percentage of patients who presented renal flare. Immunosuppressive treatment was withdrawn in 35 (62.5%) patients and maintained/switched in 21 (37.5%). Afterward, new renal flare occurred in 9 patients per group (25.7% and 43%, respectively), after a median time of 39 months (IQR 6.5–55) and 7 months (IQR 6–30), respectively. There was no difference in the number of patients who developed chronic kidney disease [n = 14 (25%)] according to the treatment. In conclusion, KB2 provides valuable information to guide immunosuppressive maintenance therapy. Angiotensin II (Ang II) and the renal sympathetic nervous system exert a strong influence on renal sodium and water excretion. We tested the hypothesis that already low doses of an Ang II inhibitor (candesartan) will result in similar effects on tubular sodium and water reabsorption in congestive heart failure (CHF) as seen after renal denervation (DNX).Measurement of arterial blood pressure, heart rate (HR), renal sympathetic nerve activity (RSNA), glomerular filtration rate (GFR), renal plasma flow (RPF), urine volume, and urinary sodium. To assess neural control of volume homeostasis, 21 days after the induction of CHF via myocardial infarction rats underwent volume expansion (0.9% NaCL; 10% body weight) to decrease RSNA. CHF rat and controls with or without DNX or pretreated with the Ang II type-1 receptor antagonist candesartan (0.5 ug i.v.) were studied.CHF rats excreted only 68 + 10.2% of the volume load (10% body weight) in 90 min. CHF rats pretreated with candesartan or after DNX excreted from 92 to 103% like controls. Decreases of RSNA induced by volume expansion were impaired in CHF rats but unaffected by candesartan pointing to an intrarenal drug effect. GFR and RPF were not significantly different in controls or CHF.The prominent function of increased RSNA – retaining salt and water – could no longer be observed after renal Ang II receptor blockade in CHF rats. Acute kidney injury (AKI) arising from diverse etiologies is characterized by mitochondrial dysfunction. The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator-1alpha (PGC1α), a master regulator of mitochondrial biogenesis, has been shown to be protective in AKI. Interestingly, reduction of PGC1α has also been implicated in the development of diabetic kidney disease and renal fibrosis. The beneficial renal effects of PGC1α make it a prime target for therapeutics aimed at ameliorating AKI, forms of chronic kidney disease (CKD), and their intersection. This review summarizes the current literature on the relationship between renal health and PGC1α and proposes areas of future interest.Introduction: The efficacy of phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors (PDE5Is) on the improvement of erectile dysfunction (ED) in second kidney transplant (KT) recipients has not been studied before. Objectives: We aimed to compare the efficacy of tadalafil in three groups: hemodialysis (HD) patients, first KT recipients (KT1) and second KT recipients (KT2) with bilaterally ligated internal iliac arteries (IIAs). Patients and Methods: Age-matched men with ED were included in the study. Patients divided into three groups; HD, KT1 and KT2. The international index of erectile function 15 (IIEF-15) questionnaire was used to assess the baseline erectile function. Tadalafil was administered in a dose-escalation method for three months. Patients were reevaluated by the questionnaire at three months. The mean score evolution was compared between the study groups by Kruskal-Wallis H test. Results: Total number of 106 patients in three groups was included in the final analysis. There was no significant difference between the study groups in terms of age, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure and frequency of smoking, opium, or alcohol use. Tadalafil was safe and effective in all three groups. The mean IIEF score evolution in HD, KT1 and KT2 groups was 16.4 (58.7% increase from baseline), 19.3 (45.0% increase) and 20.4 (52.7% increase), respectively. Conclusion: Tadalafil is effective and safe in the management of ED even after the second kidney transplantation when the IIAs are cut bilaterally. The response rate is similar to first KT recipients and HD patients. Trial Registration: The trial protocol was approved by the Thai Clinical Trials Registry (https://www.thaiclinicaltrials.org/show/TCTR20220310008, ethical code# IR.SBMU. UNRC.1396.43). As part of their living kidney donor assessment, all living donor candidates complete a computed tomography (CT) angiogram, but some also receive a nuclear renogram for split renal function (SRF%).We considered whether split renal volume (SRV%) assessed by CT can predict SRF%.Systematic review and meta-analysis.Living donor candidates undergoing evaluation as potential living kidney donors.Living donor candidates who received both a nuclear renogram for split function and CT for SRV as part of their living donor work-up.Split renal volume from CT scans and SRF from nuclear renography.We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature, abstracting data and digitizing plots where possible. We searched Medline, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library. We added data from donor candidates assessed in London, Ontario from 2013 to 2016. We used fixed and random-effects models to pool Fisher’s z-transformed Pearson’s correlation coefficient ( r). We conducted random-effects meta-regression on digitized and aggregate data. Studies were restricted to living kidney donors or living donor candidates.After pooling 19 studies (n = 1479), we obtained a pooled correlation of r = 0.74 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.61-0.82). By linear regression using individual-level data, we observed a 0.76% (95% CI = 0.71-0.81) increase in SRF% for every 1% increase in SRV%. Split renal volume had a specificity of 88% for discriminating SRF at a threshold that could influence the decision of which kidney is to be removed (between-kidney difference ≥10%). Predonation SRV and SRF both moderately predicted kidney function 6 to 12 months after donation: r = 0.75 for SRV and r = 0.73 for SRF; Δ r = 0.05 (–0.02, 0.13).Most studies were retrospective and measured SRV and SRF only on selected living donor candidates. Efficiency gains in removing the SRF from the evaluation will depend on the transplant program.Split renal volume has the potential to replace SRF for some candidates. However, it is uncertain whether it can do so reliably and routinely across different transplant centers. The impact on clinical decision-making needs to be assessed in well-designed prospective studies. Trial registration: The digitized data are registered with Mendeley Data (doi10.17632/dyn2bfgxxj.2). Antiretroviral therapy has changed the phenotype of HIV-related kidney disease to a more chronic disease model. In addition to HIV-associated nephropathy (HIVAN), patients with HIV may experience kidney dysfunction related to other chronic illnesses, such as diabetes, hypertension, and hepatitis C. Patients with HIV should be monitored for the development of chronic kidney disease and the potential nephrotoxicity of antiretroviral therapy. For patients with HIV who progress to end-stage renal disease, the outcomes on dialysis and management of the dialysis procedure are similar to the outcomes of patients without HIV. Renal transplantation is a promising treatment option for HIV patients with end-stage renal disease, despite certain barriers inherent in the transplant evaluation process. Concomitant HIV and end-stage renal disease, with the stress of dialysis, can exacerbate psychiatric illness. Chronic kidney disease is a major risk factor for patients with cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The aim of this study is to evaluate the relationship between clinical characteristics and renal histology in patients with abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA).We studied 79 cases with AAA autopsied at the National Cardiovascular Center. They were classified into two groups: 14 subjects with renal artery stenosis (RAS) (group A) and 65 subjects without RAS (group B). Proteinuria, elevated serum creatinine and decreased estimated glomerular filtration rate had been recorded. We evaluated renal parenchymal damage using a semiquantitative histological score (score 0–3; normal to severe) for glomerulosclerosis, interstitial fibrosis, tubular atrophy, and arteriolar hyalinosis (maximal score = 12).Total histological score was 8.2 ± 2.4 and significantly higher in the stenosed kidneys of group A than in the non-stenosed kidneys of group B (8.9 ± 2.6 vs. 8.0 ± 2.3). The histological score had a significant association with RAS, smoking, kidney function, proteinuria, kidney weight and the presence of other CVD.We demonstrated that renal parenchymal damage and deteriorated kidney function are closely associated in the patients with AAA. Treatment of these patients in view of protection of the kidney is thus relevant.Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) has recently been proved useful in the quantitation of chronic kidney disease. A cross-sectional study was performed to assess NGAL in serum, urine and ultrafiltrate in relation to the type of renal replacement therapy and NGAL correlations with renal function and markers of inflammation.NGAL, hsCRP, TNFα, and IL-6 were measured using commercially available kits in 200 patients on hemodialysis (HD), 17 on hemodiafiltration (HDF).Patients on HDF had lower serum NGAL than those on HD. In hemodialyzed patients with residual renal function, serum NGAL was significantly lower than in anuric patients. NGAL was significantly higher in patients dialyzed on modified cellulose dialyzers versus polysulphone dialyzers. NGAL correlated with age, residual renal function, hsCRP, IL-6, TNF-α, time on HD, ferritin, TSAT, creatinine, urea, urea reduction ratio, and Kt/V in hemodialyzed patients. In multiple regression analysis, residual renal function and hsCRP were predictors of NGAL in hemodialyzed patients. NGAL correlated with hsCRP and creatinine in HDF patients.Residual renal function seems to play a pivotal role in NGAL levels in dialyzed patients. Low-grade inflammation, more pronounced in anuric patients may also contribute to elevated NGAL. Removal of NGAL with ultrafiltrate may also partially explain its lower concentration after dialysis. The role of COX-2 for renal function during renal development, for physiology and pathophysiology of renal diseases and the side effects of available COX-2 inhibitors, has gained increasing interest. We aimed therefore to review the respective role of renal COX-2.Review of relevant recent publications in the field, and in addition of in part unpublished data obtained in our laboratories.COX-2 is ‘constitutively’ localized in the kidney i.e. in macula densa, TALH, interstitial cells, and is of utmost importance for normal renal development. Renal COX-2 is regulated by for example sodium and volume intake, angiotensin II, glucocorticoids often involving specific COX-2 promotor response elements. COX-2 derived prostanoids are required for preservation of renal blood flow and glomerular filtration especially in states of fluid deficit, they promote natriuresis, and furthermore may stimulate renin secretion during low-sodium intake/loop diuretic use. Conversely, COX-2 inhibitors decrease glomerular filtration, and renal perfusion, sometimes even causing acute renal failure. In addition, COX-2 inhibitors cause sodium retention, edema formation, cardiac failure and hypertension. The role of COX-2 derived prostanoids in renal inflammation or failure including diabetic nephropathy and renal transplantation remains at present controversial.COX-2 is one of the major players in renal physiology and pathophysiology. One focus of future work should be placed on COX-2 in primary renal diseases.The therapy of kidney cancer has made multiple major advances. Eleven agents are now approved by FDA for treatment of metastatic RCC and one agent is approved for adjuvant therapy for localized high risk disease post nephrectomy. In addition the trials addressing the role of surgery also represent major strides in therapy. All these advances in RCC therapeutics have occurred through clinical trials. This paper is a summary of landmark trials that have been critical in the therapeutic development journey in advancing the care and improving outcomes in kidney cancer. The front line therapies are summarized starting with immunotherapy with high dose interleukin-2 to targeted therapies such as bevacizumab (monoclonal antibody), receptor tyrosine kinases such as sorafenib, sunitinib, and pazopanib and MTOR inhibitors lke temsirolimus in the front line setting. Recently the combinations of ipilimumab and nivolumab as well as bevacizumab and atezolizumab have demonstrated promising efficacy in metastatic disease and these regimens are likely to receive FDA approval. In second line and beyond, therapies such as everolimus, nivolumab, lenvatinib+ everolimus and Cabozantinib have proven benefit. Adjuvant post nephrectomy trials have been conducted with conflicting results. Majority have shonwn lack of benefit, however one study conducted in T3/T4/N1 disease revealed statistically significant disease free survival favoring ajuvant sunitinib therapy leading to FDA approval. This paper summarizes the data from the reported trials and discusses recent developments in RCC therapeutics.Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α (PPARα) activation attenuates cisplatin (CP)-mediated acute kidney injury by increasing fatty acid oxidation, but mechanisms leading to reduced renal triglyceride (TG) accumulation could also contribute. Here, we investigated the effects of PPARα and CP on expression and enzyme activity of kidney lipoprotein lipase (LPL) as well as on expression of angiopoietin protein-like 4 (Angptl4), glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored-HDL-binding protein (GPIHBP1), and lipase maturation factor 1 (Lmf1), which are recognized as important proteins that modulate LPL activity. CP caused a 40% reduction in epididymal white adipose tissue (WAT) mass, with a reduction of LPL expression and activity. CP also reduced kidney LPL expression and activity. Angptl4 mRNA levels were increased by ninefold in liver and kidney tissue and by twofold in adipose tissue of CP-treated mice. Western blots of two-dimensional gel electrophoresis identified increased expression of a neutral pI Angptl4 protein in kidney tissue of CP-treated mice. Immunolocalization studies showed reduced staining of LPL and increased staining of Angptl4 primarily in proximal tubules of CP-treated mice. CP also increased TG accumulation in kidney tissue, which was ameliorated by PPARα ligand. In summary, a PPARα ligand ameliorates CP-mediated nephrotoxicity by increasing LPL activity via increased expression of GPHBP1 and Lmf1 and by reducing expression of Angptl4 protein in the proximal tubule.: LY96 has been reported to be relevant with kidney inflammatory injury but the function of this gene in kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC) remains unknown.: Various online tools were applied to analyze the roles of LY96 in KIRC using data from the Cancer Genome Atlas. Differential LY96 expression and overall survival (OS) based on different expression levels were analyzed through Oncomine and GEPIA tools. The alterations, related genes, Gene Ontology, and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathways of LY96 were explored via cBioPortal and STRING database. LinkedOmics and Cistrome DB Toolkit were utilized to identify targets of kinase, miRNAs, and transcription factors. The relationship between LY96 and some associated genes or regulatory factors was displayed via GeneMANIA and TIMER tool. TISIDB revealed correlations between LY96 expression and immune-associated factors in the tumor microenvironment. : High LY96 expression level was observed in KIRC and associated with poor prognosis and diverse clinical characteristics. LY96 often amplified in KIRC and was mostly linked to the inflammatory response. Several highly correlated genes, kinase targets, transcription factors, and DNA methyltransferase that may interact with LY96 were all identified. Our study also demonstrated that various immune-related factors were relevant to LY96 in KIRC. : Our study has shown the complex relationships between LY96 and KIRC from diverse angles. High LY96 expression had an adverse effect on the prognosis of KIRC. To find effective demethylation agents and transcription factors inhibitors targeting LY96 may have beneficial effects on the survival of KIRC patients.During kidney development, reciprocal signalling between the epithelium and the mesenchyme coordinates nephrogenesis with branching morphogenesis of the collecting ducts. The mechanism that positions the renal vesicles, and thus the nephrons, relative to the branching ureteric buds has remained elusive. By combining computational modelling and experiments, we show that geometric effects concentrate the key regulator, WNT9b, at the junctions between parent and daughter branches where renal vesicles emerge, despite its uniform expression in the ureteric epithelium. This curvature effect might be a general paradigm to create non-uniform signalling in development.Acute kidney injury induced by renal ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) compromises microvascular density and predisposes to chronic kidney disease (CKD) and sodium-dependent hypertension. VEGF-121 was administered to rats fed a standard (0.4%) sodium diet at various times following recovery from I/R injury for up to 35 days. VEGF-121 had no effect on the initial loss of renal function, as indicated by serum creatinine levels measured 24 h after injury. Serum creatinine levels declined thereafter, indicative of renal repair. Rats were then switched to an elevated (4.0%) sodium diet for an additional 28 days to induce CKD. The 4.0% sodium diet enhanced renal hypertrophy, interstitial volume, albuminuria, and cardiac hypertrophy relative to postischemic animals maintained on the 0.4% sodium diet. Administration of VEGF-121 from day 0 to 14, day 0 to 35, or day 3 to 35 after I/R suppressed the effects of sodium diet on CKD development, while delayed administration of VEGF-121 from day 21 to 35 had no effect. Endothelial nitric oxide synthase protein levels were upregulated in postischemic animals, and this effect was significantly increased by the 4.0% sodium diet but was not influenced by prior treatment with VEGF. Conversely, microvascular density was preserved in postischemic animals treated with VEGF-121 relative to vehicle-treated postischemic animals. These data suggest that early, but not delayed, treatment with VEGF-121 can preserve vascular structure after ischemia and influence chronic renal function in response to elevated sodium intake. This study explored the illness experience of patients with mild to moderate chronic kidney disease (CKD). Using semi-structured and unstructured interviews and data from journals and drawings, the views of 23 affected individuals aged 35–84 years were explored. Data analysis produced a three-phase theory, integrated by a basic social process of ‘enabling’. There were six inter-related processes (which can either enable or disable): peer comparison, being affirmed, personal coping style, collaborative communication, personal health role and language of illness. The findings can help provide a greater understanding of the strategies required to reduce or prevent progression of CKD.  Exercise is a key component of a healthy lifestyle, and its importance is even greater for people who have chronic kidney disease (CKD). In this article, Angela Lumsdon introduces the UK Kidney Research Consortium's clinical study group on exercise and highlights some of the essential research projects which are already being carried out in this area.  Sexual dimorphisms in ammonia metabolism involve androgen receptor (AR)-dependent signaling pathways in male, but not female, kidneys that lead to altered proximal tubule (PT), phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, and thick ascending limb Na cotransporter expression. Adaptive responses in Na exchanger 3 and electrogenic Na-bicarbonate cotransporter 1-A expression limit the magnitude of the effect on ammonia excretion. Finally, the greater kidney size and PT volume density in male mice is the result of PT androgen signaling through AR. The present study was performed to determine to what extent pH influences protein reabsorption in renal proximal tubule cells. Rat surface proximal tubules were microinfused in vivo with I-labelled albumin in buffer solutions at different pHs. Tubular uptake was determined as the difference between microinfused and urinary trichloroacetic acid-precipitable radioactivity. In separate experiments the tubular uptake was followed by electron microscope autoradiography. The results showed that the uptake at pH 4.5 and 6.0 was about 15% higher as compared to uptake at pH 7.4. Furthermore, the electron microscope autoradiography demonstrated that albumin is taken up by endocytosis at acid pH as under normal conditions.Total CO (CO) was measured in alkaline extracts of quickly frozen rat renal cortex. The mean concentration calculated for tissue water was 18.7 ± SD 1.6 mEq/1 (n=10) when that measured in plasma water was 23.5 ± 1.7. In other experiments (n=6–10), the mean concentration in tissue water increased to 28.3 mEq/1 after the animals were treated with benzolamide to inhibit carbonic anhydrase and to 38.1 mEq/1 after they were infused with NaHCO. On the other hand, the tissue concentration decreased to 14–15 mEq/1 when they were hyperventilated or infused with HC1. Calculations based on published micropuncture data indicate that the usual intracellular concentration is 20–25 mEq/1 or about twice that usually reported for skeletal muscle; and in contrast to muscle, the findings are suggestive of large variations in metabolic disorders.Cells of the renal medulla adapt osmotically to varying external electrolyte concentrations mainly by changing the intracellular content of small organic osmoeffectors (osmolytes) such as sorbitol, inositol and trimethylamines. This implies that despite extreme variations in extracellular tonicity the intracellular concentrations of monovalent electrolytes are stabilized at levels optimal for enzyme function and cell metabolism. In contrast to inorganic electrolytes these organic osmolytes are metabolically neutral and thus do not affect cell metabolism. In addition, some of these organic osmoeffectors, the trimethylamine compounds, are known to counteract the deleterious effects of high urea concentrations (prevailing in antidiuresis) on structure and function of cell proteins. Anemia is a common complication in CKD patients. Despite the use of iron and erythropoietin-stimulating agents, the control rate of anemia in CKD is not satisfying. Novel drugs are needed for anemia correction.HIF-PHI, hypoxia-inducible factor-proline hydroxylase inhibitor, a novel class of therapeutic agents, has been developed to treat anemia in CKD patients. Its main effects comprised boosting EPO production, enhancing iron utilization, and suppressing hepcidin production. Several stage 2 and stage 3 clinical trials have been run to test its efficacy and safety in both nondialysis and dialysis patients, of which the results are very encouraging. Here, we summarize the mechanism, clinical applications, and clinical trials of HIF-PHI in treating renal anemia in order to give an overview of the new drug in clinical practices. Key Messages: HIF-PHI is a novel therapeutic agent of treating renal anemia in CKD patients. It is quite effective in improving anemia, which is unaffected by inflammation. Besides, it may ameliorate lipid metabolism as well. Furthermore, the oral form may improve patients’ compliances with treatment. Thus, it may be a good alternative of anemia correction in CKD patients. CKD progression is introduced broadly, including definitions to distinguish related conditions (such as rapid CKD progression from AKI), common pathways for loss of kidney function, as well as validated ESRD prediction models to risk stratify patients and populations. Interventions to slow CKD progression are hypertension control in the context of current blood pressure target controversies, use of RAAS blockade for hypertension with albuminuria (A3) or proteinuria, glycemic control in diabetes, diabetic kidney disease therapy with a focus on recent and ongoing interventional trials and alkali therapy for CKD metabolic acidosis. Other less evidenced-based treatments (retrospective and observational trials, as well as secondary outcomes of RCT) to slow CKD progression are also discussed. These include the folic acid supplementation in the deficient population, SGLT-2 inhibitors for type-2 diabetes, intervention for obstructive sleep apnea, prevention of AKI, early nephrology referral and implementation of the multi-disciplinary approach to slowing CKD progression.This is the overall workflow for LCMS top down proteomics of kidney functional units from tissue sections using the MicroPOTS platform. The expected outcomes are proteoform identification and quantitation values from selected tissue functional units. The incidence of comorbidities increases as individuals age, and many people are treated with multiple medications, referred to as polypharmacy. When individuals are prescribed more than two nephrotoxic medicines, renal insufficiency may result. Preventing overprescription is, therefore, especially important, particularly for older people who have an increased risk for developing irreversible renal insufficiency leading to chronic kidney disease. This systematic review appraised the influence of polypharmacy on renal insufficiency in older peopleOutcomes after solid organ transplantation have improved dramatically with the development of better surgical techniques and effective therapies for rejection. As a result, higher numbers of end-stage renal disease patients with hepatitis C, HIV, cardiovascular disease, and pretransplant tumor history are listed for a potential kidney transplant, posing increasing challenges for the transplant team. Modifying cardiovascular risk factors while awaiting or after transplantation, novel antiviral therapies, close follow-up, and tailored management of posttransplant malignancies are imperative to further improve long-term graft and patient survival in high-risk kidney transplants.The glomerular permeability of the isolated perfused kidney is manifold higher than in vivo, although structural changes at the glomerular filtration barrier are not described. It has been proposed that in vivo high molecular weight plasma proteins are concentrated at the glomerular endothelium forming an additional filtration barrier (‘concentration polarization’). To test this hypothesis, isolated rat kidneys were perfused with substrate-enriched Krebs-Henseleit solutions containing albumin (50 g/l) or albumin/globulin (40/10 g/l), or with plasma. The pO was 675 mm Hg. Furthermore experiments were carried out with the addition of erythrocytes with and without a reduced 0 supply (pO 35 mmHg). Independent of the composition of the perfusate a continuously increasing glomerular permeability was observed immediately after perfusion was started. After about 10 min, a steady state value for the glomerular permeability was reached. The addition of globulin to the perfusate or perfusion with plasma did not prevent the initial increase of the permeability. However, after addition of 5% erythrocytes to the perfusate the increase of permeability was much less pronounced. Neither the reduction of the O2 supply nor the addition of erythrocytes to a higher concentration than 5% had any further effect on the glomerular permeability. These data show that concentration polarization of high molecular weight proteins does not take place at the endothelium of the glomerulus. Independent of their ability to carry O erythrocytes play an important role in the glomerular filtration process.Acute kidney injury represents a significant clinical disorder associated with a rapid loss of renal function following a variety of potential insults. This chapter reviews multiple issues related to the pathophysiology of AKI with an emphasis on studies from animal models. Early responses following kidney injury include impaired hemodynamic and bioenergetic responses. Reductions in renal ATP levels occur as a result of compromised fatty acid oxidation and impaired compensation by glycolysis. Sustained reductions in perfusion contribute to extension of AKI characterized by complex inflammatory and cellular injury responses, often leading to cell death. Concurrently, the kidney displays an elegant repair response, leading to successful recovery in most cases, characterized in part by epithelial cell growth, while maladaptive or incomplete recovery of tubules or capillaries can predispose the development of interstitial fibrosis and CKD progression.The reduction in renal blood flow (RBF) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) observed after the administration of the carbonic anhydrase inhibitors acetazolamide and benzolamide had been explained as due to activation of the tubuloglomerular feedback mechanism. If correct, pharmacologic blockade of this pathway should prevent the development of renal vasoconstriction with the carbonic anhydrase inhibitors. Thus, the current study evaluates in the dog whole kidney the effect of acetazolamide (20 mg/ kg body weight) in the presence or absence of furosemide (5 mg/kg body weight), a drug which blocks the tubuloglomerular feedback. Acetazolamide resulted in a large increase in urinary bicarbonate excretion accompanied by a significant reduction in GFR (16%) and RBF (18%). By contrast with the effects of acetazolamide, furosemide did not alter GFR and increased RBF. In addition, the loop diuretic induced a large chloruresis without changes in urinary bicarbonate excretion. The infusion of acetazolamide in furosemide-treated dogs resulted in a significant increment in renal bicarbonate excretion and in a significant reduction in the levels of both GFR (28%) and RBF (13%). Therefore, furosemide pretreatment did not block the effects of acetazolamide on renal hemodynamic parameters. Consequently, the acetazolamide-induced reduction in both GFR and RBF cannot ba accounted for by changes in chloride levels in the juxtaglomerular region due to enhanced salt transport in the macula densa/distal nephron. The increased renal vascular resistance observed with acetazolamide might occur by either a direct effect of this agent on the renal circulation or as a result of changes in intrarenal pressure secondary to the inhibition of proximal fluid reabsorption.Background and Methods: We investigated kidney function, renal endothelin-1 concentration, prepro-endothelin-1 mRNA as well as endothelin receptor A and B mRNA expression and receptor properties in normotensive Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) rats and spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) with intact renal nerves and 7 days after renal denervation. In addition, responses of renal function to the non-selective ET receptor blocker bosentan (10 mg/kg i.v. bolus injection) were studied.In SHR, renal papillary prepro-endothelin-1 mRNA expression, endothelin-1 tissue concentrations and endothelin receptor density were significantly lower than in normotensive rats. Renal denervation was associated with a decrease in papillary tissue prepro-endothelin-1 mRNA and in WKY rats also with a significant reduction in papillary endothelin-1 content without affecting ET receptor density. Bosentan did not alter renal blood flow or glomerular filtration rate but decreased urine flow rate in both intact normotensive and hypertensive rats, whereas it decreased urine sodium and potassium excretion only in intact WKY. Bosentan had no effects on renal function in renal denervated rats.Since renal papillary endothelin-1 appears to counteract the fluid and sodium retaining effects of renal nerve activity, an impaired renal endothelin-1 synthesis in SHR may contribute to excessive sodium retention and thus to the pathogenesis of hypertension in SHR.Objective: To evaluate immunohistochemical erythropoietin (EPO) expression in clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC), its association with major clinicopathological variables and its prognostic impact. Methods: A total of 220 patients with renal cell carcinoma (RCC) surgically treated between 1989 and 2009 were evaluated in this multi-institutional study. All the cases were reviewed by a single pathologist and the immunohistochemical reactivity to EPO was analysed using tissue microarray. Results: A total of 176 patients with ccRCC were considered, with an average of 48 months of follow-up. Of the tumours evaluated, 47 (26.7%) were negative for EPO expression, and 129 (73.3%) were positive. EPO expression was associated with incidental tumour (p = 0.016), tumour size (p = 0.015), Karnofsky Performance Score (KPS) (p = 0.016), blood transfusion (p = 0.009) and adrenal involvement (p = 0.038). The median ages of the patients with positive and negative EPO expression were 56.2 years and 66.6 years. Immunohistochemical EPO expression affected overall survival (OS) and disease-specific survival (DSS) rates. The DSS rates of the patients whose tissue was positive and negative for EPO expression were 85.3% and 76.1%, respectively (p = 0.044). In a multivariate analysis, the absence of EPO expression proved to be a bad prognostic factor and negatively affected the OS (p0.001) and DSS (p0.001) rates. Conclusion: The absence of tumour EPO expression is an independent predictive factor with a negative effect on survival rates. The use of EPO as possible marker in the management of ccRCC patients requires further studies and a better understanding of the role of EPO in tumour biology.Background and AimsTranscriptome analysis in kidney tissue from lupus nephritis patients (LN) provide useful information about gene expression. We designed a pilot study in paraffin-embedded kidney tissue (FFPE) from LN patients to evaluate differences between gene expression at diagnosis (kidney biopsy diagnosis) and 2 years after achieve a complete renal response (protocol kidney biopsy). We evaluated if transcriptome analysis results could be verified through immunofluorescence staining (IF) in kidney biopsies (diagnosis biopsy vs protocol biopsy).We included diagnosis and protocol biopsies from 16 LN patients with class III and/or IV. All patients received prednisone (0.5 mg/kg) plus mycophenolic acid. Complete renal remission was defined as normal renal function, uPCOR300 mg/gr and inactive urine sediment. RNA Sequencing (RNA-Seq) was performed in FFPE, Human MSigDB Collections were used for gene enrichment analysis and Gene sets derived from the Biological Process Gene Ontology (GO) V7.2 is the library used in the study.16 LN patients were included, Class III (43.8%), Class IV (43.8%) and Mixed Class (12.5%). 100% patients were women and Caucasian with mean age 40.9±7.1 years. RNA-Seq showed 2 overexpressed groups of genes (GO) in diagnosis biopsies, expression of this GO was not detected in protocol biopsies: GO-Complement_activation (NES 2.26, p = 4.2E -0.5): Properdin, Ficolin, C3, Factor B, C3AR1, C4 y CDC59.GO- Humoral_Inmune_Response_Mediated_Circulating_Inmunoglobulin (NES 2.10, p = 7,6E -0.6): IgG1, IgG2, IgA, chemokine receptors 2 y 7 and receptor 13 TNF.Results were verified using IF staining in kidney biopsies, in protocol biopsies were observed a significant reduction in C1q and C3 complement proteins staining: C1q (78% vs 22.2%, p = 0,006), C3 (73.3% vs 27.8%, p = 0.005); results in immunoglobulins staining also agree with transcriptome analysis results, so that we observed significant reduction in IgA and IgG: IgG (69% vs 36.4%, p = 0.009) and IgA (83.3% vs 16.7%, p = 0.02) while IgM staining not showed differences between diagnosis biopsy and protocol biopsy (43.8% vs 45.5%).Transcriptome analysis in kidney tissue from LN patients, identified complement proteins and humoral mediators overexpressed at LN diagnosis and infraexpressed at complete renal remission; the results could help nephrologist to investigate the role of these protein as LN biomarkers. In this article, Matt Bottomley and Karen Jenkins outline the Kidney Patient Safety Committee recommendations for the removal of temporary femoral haemodialysis catheters The mammalian renal cortex is composed primarily of epithelial structures. These include renal corpuscles, tubules, and vascular components bounded by basement membranes and supported by extracellular matrix. In an effort to elucidate the morphological characteristics of these materials, we carried out a comparative electron microscopic study of the acellular renal cortex in the rabbit, rat, rhesus monkey, and human. Acellular tissue blocks were prepared as described elsewhere in this symposium [Carlson and Kenney: ‘Preparation and histoarchitecture of ultrastructurally pure glomerular basement membrane’]. In addition, basement membranes were isolated from purified fractions of renal tubules and glomeruli. Light microscopic studies of rabbit and rat acellular renal cortex showed that the extracellular matrix was less dense and basement membrane more delicate than those seen in either monkey or human. By electron microscopy, the renal interstitium demonstrated several major basement membrane types. These included tubular, peritubular capillary, Bowman’s capsular and glomerular basement membranes, all of which contributed to the delimitation of an uncompartmented connective tissue space. The thickness of basement membranes varies but usually human monkey rat rabbit. Tubular basement membranes were thicker than glomerular basement membranes (TBM/GBM = 2.3–2.7) with the differential least in rat and highest in rabbit. Paradoxically, isolated tubular basement membrane showed less structural rigidity than glomerular basement membranes. Further non-uniformity of individual basement membranes was demonstrated by enzyme digestion (trypsin and pepsin) of mixtures of isolated tubular and glomerular basement membranes. These showed that glomerular basement membrane was much less susceptible to enzyme solubilization than adjacent tubular basement membrane. Furthermore, the endothelial-mesangial surface of glomerular basement membranes endothelial-mesangial surface of glomerular basement membranes and the connective tissue surface of tubular basement membranes were preferentially digested by the enzymes, indicating a possible ‘sidedness’. In addition, variable surface-associated substances were demonstrated by treatment with ruthenium red which preferentially stained both surfaces of glomerular basement membranes while adjacent Bowman’s capsule and tubular basement membrane remained unstained. We conclude that the diversity of substructure in various basement membranes strongly favors a ‘nonunitary concept’ of these matrices and generally supports the idea that they are compositionally heterogeneous.The renal excretion of nitrogenous compounds plays an important role not only in the elimination of nitrogen end-products but also in regulating the acid-base and osmotic balance of body fluids. The major nitrogenous compounds excreted by the vertebrate kidney are ammonia, urea and uric acid. The present review addresses the renal excretion of these compounds and, in addition, the amino acid taurine. The functions of excretion; the mechanisms of excretion including renal metabolism, renal handling (secretion, reabsorption, and filtration), and transepithelial transport processes; and the factors regulating these mechanisms are discussed. Renal nitrogen excretion among the vertebrate classes from fish to mammals is compared.Chronic kidney disease (CKD) represents a significant public health burden worldwide and several risk factors have been identified over the years; these have been well-described in the medical literature. Common risk factors such as diabetes mellitus and hypertension will be described in other chapters. While this chapter will focus mainly on CKD risk factors observed in developed countries, several of these are also observed in developing countries. It is now well-established that some risk factors are modifiable while others are non-modifiable. In this chapter, we will explore several of these non-modifiable risk factors in more detail, such as age, gender, race, family history, and low birth weight. But we will also discuss some of the modifiable risk factors such as kidney stones, obstructive sleep apnea, smoking, drugs (excluding NSAIDs), diet, obesity, metabolic syndrome, and hyperuricemia. We will provide a balanced and up to date review of the evidence linking these risk factors with CKD.Kidney injury is a frequent and serious complication following cardiac surgery with significant short-term and long-term morbidity. Cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB), utilized during cardiac surgery, is known to contribute to the development of kidney injury, and the perioperative period provides a unique opportunity for testing renoprotective interventions due to the known timing and similarity of the renal insult. In this chapter preoperative risk factors, surgical, anesthetic, and CPB-related factors that may impact on kidney injury are discussed, with a focus on preoperative and perioperative protective therapies. Therapies discussed include preoperative and perioperative administration of pharmacological agents and intraoperative interventions to reduce the risk of kidney injury post cardiac surgery. Unfortunately, there is a paucity of interventions that definitely protect the kidney from injury during cardiac surgery. Disequilibrium situations within the bicarbonate/CO buffer system have been observed in the kidney. On the one hand, a Pco difference between final urine and arterial blood has been detected. On the other, a disequilibrium pH was found in cortical renal tubules and attributed to either increased carbonic acid concentrations or to Pco levels above those of arterial blood. Recent methodological developments have yielded better insight into these disequilibrium situations. They include, besides the use of pH microelectrodes, the introduction of microcalorimetric total CO determinations and Pco2 microelectrodes. There is agreement concerning the finding of a Pco 10–40 mmHg above that in arterial blood in renal cortical tubules; however, stellate vessel Pco equal to tubular Pco was found by only one group of investigators. According to their view, diffusion equilibrium exists between all cortical structures, a finding disputed by others using a similar methodology. CO permeability of tubular epithelium is also still controversial, with values ranging from one-half (microcalorimetric method) to one-twentieth (pH-equilibration method) of an equivalent water layer having been reported. Two positions emerge on the basis of recent experimental results: the existence of very high permeability to CO and consequent diffusion equilibrium in renal cortex, and the occurrence of CO diffusion limitation leading to the establishment of finite Pco gradients across renal tubular epithelium.disequilibrium pH; CO permeability; tubular Pco; CO2 fluxes; carbonic anhydrase Recovery of kidney function following an episode of acute kidney injury (AKI) is now acknowledged as a vital patient-centered outcome with clear health economic implications. In approximately 5-8% of critically ill patients with more severe forms of AKI, support with renal replacement therapy (RRT) is provided. Recent data have suggested that rates of RRT utilization in AKI are increasing. Despite advances in our understanding of how best to prescribe acute RRT in critically ill patients with AKI, additional aspects remain uncertain, predisposing to suboptimal delivery and variation in practice. Importantly, if, when, how, and by what principles we apply acute RRT for AKI are all treatment decision-related factors that are modifiable and may interact with recovery of kidney function. Limited data, mostly from observational studies and secondary analyses, have explored the specific association between acute RRT and recovery. Available data are not able to clarify whether providing any RRT in otherwise eligible patients with AKI impacts recovery. They are also unable to inform whether the timing or circumstance under which RRT is started impacts recovery. No studies have evaluated whether there is an optimal time to start RRT to maximize the probability of recovery. Accumulated evidence, mostly derived from observational studies, suggests initial therapy in critically ill patients with AKI with continuous RRT, compared with intermittent modalities, improves the probability of recovery to dialysis independence. Evidence from high-quality randomized trials failed to show any association between delivered dose intensity of RRT and recovery. The use of biocompatible membranes for acute RRT may improve recovery in AKI; however, data are inconsistent. Limited data have evaluated the impact of membrane flux properties on recovery. Preliminary data have suggested that circuit anticoagulation with citrate, which results in a reduction in membrane-induced oxidative stress and leukocyte activation, may be associated with improved recovery; however, further corroborative data are needed. Additional evidence, ideally from randomized trials, is clearly needed to inform best practice in the delivery of acute RRT to optimize probability of recovery of kidney function for survivors of AKI.Acute kidney injury complicates over 50% of critical care admissions and is associated with both increased short and long-term mortality and the development or acceleration of chronic kidney disease. While in certain settings, such as cardiac surgery, primary prevention of AKI is possible, in most cases AKI is present or evolving at intensive care unit admission and the main clinical focus is secondary prevention of further kidney injury. In the absence of evidence for specific AKI-targeted therapies, high quality supportive care to maximize hemodynamic stability and avoidance of secondary sources of kidney injury are the cornerstones of renal protection. Fluid overload is particularly associated with adverse outcomes in critical illness complicated by AKI. Continuous methods of renal replacement therapy may promote hemodynamic stability and have been associated with better longer term renal outcomes.Introduction: The 2019 recent coronavirus disease (COVID- 19) is a novel pandemic disease in the world. The main organ involved in this viral sepsis is the respiratory system. Objectives: Regarding the expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) receptors as entering route for virus’ particles into cells, the kidney organ is another important target in this catastrophic sepsis. There is little data about renal complications and related risk factors in victims. Patients and Methods: All patients with COVID-19 admitted to a referral and tertiary center (Shohada hospital, Khorramabad, Iran) were included in the study. The research was performed from February 20 to April 19, 2020. Diagnosis of patients was confirmed by COVID-19 upper respiratory sampling using real-time PCR. Patients’ demographic data, clinical and laboratory variables were included in pre-designed questionnaires according to the considered factors; then all collected data was entered into SPSS-26 software and statistical analysis was performed. Results: All COVID-19 patients included in the study were 232 cases. Out of them, 99 cases were female (42.7%) and 133 males (57.3%). Among patients, 19 cases had AKI (acute kidney injury); of these cases. Out of AKI patients, 12 (63.2%) were admitted to the ICU, whereas the mortality rate in patients with AKI was 63.2%. AKI was significantly associated with older age, ICU admission, and lower lymphocyte count. AKI occurrence was associated with the history of hypertension, or underlying kidney disease but hadn’t a significant relationship with diabetes. Conclusion: According to this study, age is an important risk factor for renal disease and poor outcomes in COVID-19 patients. Hence, old age patients should be given more attention. Concerning more prevalence of potassium disorders, further monitoring of hypokalemia or hyperkalemia is recommended. Considering, poor outcomes in patients with COVID-19 and AKI, nephrologist’s consultation is necessary.: Recently, the consequence of chemical industries and noise on human health is the update subject for researchers. There are many reports published about nephrotoxicity of noise and cadmium alone. : The main aim of this study was to detect the combined consequence of noise and cadmium on renal function. Materials and Methods: Forty adult male rats were put into eight groups in random order (n=5). Groups 1 control, group 2 exposed to 90 dB (decibels) noise, groups 3- 5 received (intraperitoneal; ip) cadmium chloride (CdCl2) at doses of 1,2,3 mg/kg and group 6-8 pretreated with CdCl2 at doses of 1, 2, and 3 mg/kg 30 minutes before exposing to 90 dB noise. The exercise was repeated for seven consecutive days. Animals were killed 24 hours afterwards. Blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and creatinine (Cr) levels were analyzed. Kidney tissues were excised for measuring malondialdehyde (MDA) and glutathione (GSH) concentrations. : There was significant rise on the levels of BUN, Cr and MDA. Additionally, a decrease on the level of GSH in rats that were exposed to noise or cadmium alone or combined to noise and cadmium was detected. Significant elevation of BUN, Cr, MDA and depletion of GSH were also noted in cadmium-treated rats compared to those in the animals co-exposed to cadmium and noise. : This study shows that exposed rats to cadmium and/or noise caused renal function impairment. Production of oxidative stress is responsible for cadmium or noise induced nephrotoxicity. However, co-exposure of cadmium and noise reduced nephrotoxicity of cadmium. The possible explanation for noises suppressing cadmium nephrotoxicity is that noise may enhance excretion and/or induced redistribution and depleted accumulation of cadmium in the kidney.  According to statistics from the World Health Organization, around 2 billion people are anaemic. Highlighting iron deficiency anaemia as a common condition in those who have chronic kidney disease (CKD), Karen Jenkins defines types of iron, describes the iron cycle, and informs renal nurses about diagnosis of iron deficiency in patients suffering from CKD. Background and aim. Asymptomatic bacteriuria (ASB) is a frequent finding in allograft kidney transplant recipients and may be associated with a higher incidence of urinary tract infections in this population. We aimed to investigate the potential utility of serum procalcitonin (PCT) concentrations, an early marker of infection, for ASB diagnosis. We also compared its diagnostic performance with white blood cell (WBC) count, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), and highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP).Methods. In a single-center, cross-sectional study, 37 kidney transplant recipients with no clinical signs or symptoms of urinary tract infections were included. ASB was assessed by means of urine culture. Serum PCT concentrations were determined by the electrochemiluminescence immunoassay technique. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was used to determine the diagnostic performance of PCT and other classifiers. Results. Seventeen patients (46%) had ASB. Serum PCT concentrations were significantly higher in ASB+ patients (0.14 vs. 0.08 ng/ml, p=0.009). PCT concentrations significantly correlated with serum creatinine (r=0.408, p=0.012) and ESR (r=0.466, p=0.004). Of the four tested classifiers (PCT, WBC count, ESR, and hsCRP), only PCT was able to significantly distinguish between ASB+ and ASB- patients [area under the curve: 0.74, (95% CI: 057-0.91) p=0.012]. Adjustment of the ROC model for serum creatinine showed that the ability of PCT in classifying patients by ASB status is not affected by creatinine concentrations (crude vs. adjusted area under the curve: 0.74 vs. 0.72, test of AUC difference: p=0.891). A cut-point of 0.10 ng/ml of PCT correctly classified ASB+ patients with a sensitivity and specificity of 64.7% and 80.0%, respectively. Conclusion. PCT might be a useful surrogate marker for ASB diagnosis among kidney transplant recipients. Diagnostic performance of PCT is superior to that of WBC count, ESR, and hsCRP. Further, diagnostic ability of PCT appears to be independent of renal function. In this article, Andrew Lewington gives a definition and overview of acute kidney injury (AKI), including the changes made in the revised clinical guidelines published by the Renal Association and Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO), as well as other helpful AKI guidance. These changes will enable the earlier recognition of patients at risk and result in better patient outcomes. Stenosis of the renal arteries is a relatively common finding in patients with kidney function impairment, often in the setting of generalized atherosclerotic disease. Most cases of renal artery stenosis are atherosclerotic and found in smokers or elderly patients. Fibromuscular dysplasia is less common and occurs more in younger patients and in the distal segments of the renal artery. Although reasonably easy to find, it is challenging to know what to do when atherosclerotic renal disease is present. Correction of obstructing lesions has high technical success, with relatively low risk, but the controlled trial data comparing intervention with medical therapy in atherosclerotic renovascular disease shows similar outcomes on blood pressure and kidney function. Younger people with fibromuscular dysplasias, on the other hand, appear to benefit from intervention. Limitations in the field and areas of opportunity include determining what characterizes a clinically significant obstructive lesion and in which circumstances has ischemic disease rendered intervention inconsequential. Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a significant patient safety challenge for health professionals. Alongside the drive to improve care pathways for prevention, management and follow-up of this life-changing condition, high-quality research is also required to improve its diagnosis, stratification and management. Angela Lumsdon discusses some major studies in the area of AKI.  Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is one of the long-term complications associated with diabetes and is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease, which is why it was added to the Quality and Outcomes Framework (QOF) in 2006. In this article, Ruth Killeen identifies the cardiovascular risks associated with diabetes and CKD, discusses the assessment and management of this group of patients, and makes recommendations how to reduce long-term complications.  On 29 August 2013, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence published its much-needed guideline on diagnosis and management of acute kidney injury. In this article, Annette Davies provides an overview of the guideline's rationale and recommendations, and reflects on the responses of both key opinion leaders and daily newspapers. The incidence and the rate of progression of nondiabetic renal disease is generally greater in men compared with age-matched women, suggesting that the female sex is protective and/or that the male sex is a risk factor for the development and progression of nondiabetic renal disease. In diabetes, even though the male sex still appears to be a risk factor, this relationship is not as strong as it is in nondiabetic renal disease. Experimental evidence suggests that both estrogens and androgens play an important role in the pathophysiology of renal disease. Thus one of the potential mechanisms for the absence of a clear sex difference in the setting of diabetes may be alterations in sex hormone levels. Indeed, studies suggest that diabetes is a state of an imbalance in sex hormone levels; however, whether these changes correlate with the decline in renal function associated with diabetes is unclear. Furthermore, diabetic renal disease rarely develops before puberty, and the onset of puberty accelerates microalbuminuria, supporting the idea of the involvement of sex hormones in the development and progression of the disease. However, other than a handful of experimental studies indicating that treatment with or removal of sex hormones alters the course of diabetic renal disease, very few studies have actually directly examined the correlation between sex hormones and the disease development and progression. Further studies are necessary to determine the precise contribution of sex hormones in the pathophysiology of diabetic renal disease to develop novel and potentially sex-specific therapeutic treatments.The protocol describes how to use laser capture microdissection (LCM) to cut small regions of interest (~200-300 μm) from tissue sections. This is followed by top down proteomics analysis by liquid chromatography - mass spectrometry (LC-MS).In this review the characteristics of established renal and intestinal epithelial cell lines are described by summarizing the accumulated literature about specific properties retained by the cells in tissue culture. Furthermore, brief examples are given for the use of cultured epithelia as model systems to study epithelial transport and metabolic functions, epithelial cell polarity, and aspects of the differentiation and maturation of epithelia by physiological, biochemical and genetic, or cell and molecular biological approaches. To investigate the mechanisms whereby verapamil and dietary phosphate restriction slow progression of nephron loss after renal ablation, the effects of these maneuvers on inulin clearance (CIn), net sodium reabsorption (TNa+), oxygen consumption (QO2), and net glucose production (GP) were examined in isolated perfused normal and remnant kidneys. Preliminary studies characterized the isolated perfused remnant kidney perfusion. Adaptation to renal ablation was greater for QO2 (102% of normal), GP (138%), and kidney weight (79%) than CIn (51%) or TNa+ (40%). Verapamil (50 microM) lowered QO2 in remnant kidneys (1.64 +/- 0.24 vs. control 2.86 +/- 0.16 mumol.min-1.g-1, P less than 0.005), as did phosphate restriction (1.81 +/- 0.22 vs. control 3.05 +/- 0.40 mumol.min-1.g-1, P less than 0.05). These effects could not be accounted for by changes in CIn, TNa+, or GP and were not observed in normal kidneys. In summary 1) remnant kidneys are hypermetabolic compared with normal kidneys when assessed by QO2 and GP; 2) verapamil and phosphate restriction diminish the enhanced metabolic activity of remnant kidneys, an effect that is independent of TNa+; and thus 3) verapamil and phosphate restriction may slow progression of renal disease, at least in part by reducing renal metabolic demands.  Zoledronic acid (ZA) is a widely used bisphosphonate compound for the prevention of skeletal metastasis-associated osteolysis and treatment of post-menopause osteoporosis. Acute kidney injury is one of the commonly described renal complications. Electrolyte disorder has also been reported relevant to ZA exposure and nephrotoxicity. Syndrome of persistent hypophosphatemia, hypokalemia, and metabolic acidosis is regarded as the initial signs of acute kidney injury. Case Presentation: We reported a 64-year-old female with bone metastasis from lung adenocarcinoma who received a 5-year history of 4-week cycle of ZA infusion. She initially presented with symptomatic severe hypophosphatemia and was finally identified with ZA-induced generalized tubular dysfunction as Fanconi’s syndrome and distal renal tubular acidosis. Renal pathological findings revealed toxic renal tubular necrosis. The ZA infusion was thus extended to an 8-week cycle with oral phosphate supplementation and alfacalcidol. Although periodic changes pre- and post-ZA infusion existed yet, hypophosphatemia was effectively improved, and the rapid decline of eGFR was partially delayed. We reviewed the literature and mainly summarized the characteristics of bisphosphonate-associated hypophosphatemia. Moderate hypophosphatemia was more frequently mentioned in contrast to severe cases being predisposed to be reported. Progressive hypophosphatemia serves as an early sign of kidney injury.Progressive electrolyte disorders and CKD were the long-term renal outcomes of the current patient. We would like to arouse more attention to electrolyte imbalance related to early ZA-induced kidney injury and emphasize the significance of close monitoring. BACKGROUND AND AIMSNon-communicable diseases (NCDs) are rapidly emerging as a major cause of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in Africa with a reported prevalence of 10.7% locally. At current, few high-quality studies assessing the epidemiology of CKD in South Africa have been published. Alarmingly, CKD is now at epidemic proportions and is a leading cause of mortality with significant cost implications. This study aims to investigate economic means of predicting renal function in CKD by exploring the association between estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and renal morphology evaluated by ultrasound (US).This is a retrospective descriptive chart review conducted at the Department of Nephrology, Inkosi Albert Luthuli Central Hospital (IALCH), Cato Manor, Kwa-Zulu Natal from January 2016 to December 2016. A total of 455 patients who had met the Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) definition of CKD with eGFR (MDRD) and kidney US performed were included. Demographic, clinical, laboratory and kidney morphological data [kidney length (KL), increased echogenicity (IE) and loss of corticomedullary differentiation (LCMD)] on US were collected and analyzed with SPSS software (v. 27). Associations between eGFR, parameters on US and CKD risk factors were determined using logistic regression analysis.Black Africans (75.2%; n = 342) and females (56.9%; n = 259) predominated the sample. Whilst, Indians, Whites and Coloreds comprised of 20.4%, 2.42% and 1.98% of the study respectively. The median age was 45.8 ± 14.3 years. Hypertension (34.9%), diabetes (26.8%), HIV (27.5%) and glomerulonephritis 9.89% were the four most frequently reported risk factors, of which Black Africans comprised more than 50% of cases (P0.001). A significant proportion of patients 65.7% (n = 307) had end-stage renal disease with a median eGFR of 14.4 ± 12.8mL/min/1.73m2 (P0.001). The median right and left KL were short at 8.49 ± 2.16 cm and 8.60 ± 2.20 cm respectively. Black Africans were also found to have significantly shorter KLs and lower eGFRs (P0.001). The dual effect of IE and LCMD predisposed to significantly shorter KLs and lower eGFRs than in the presence of one or no abnormality on US (P0.001). IE [−9.29 odds ratio (OR); 95% confidence interval (CI) (−13.8 to −4.77); P0.001] and KL [right: 5.02 OR; 95% CI (3.44–6.60); P = 0.04; left: 5.11 OR; 95% CI (3.56–6.66); P = 0.04] were found to be significant predictors of eGFR. HIV was the only risk factor found to be negatively associated with all determined measures of renal function, as well as the sole predictor of IE [2.31 OR; 95% CI (0.17–3.15); P = 0.02].The CKD epidemic is driven by the complex interplay between communicable (HIV) and NCDs (HPT/DM) and has emerged as important public health and economic threat in Southern Africa. Africans are most vulnerable presenting with an advanced and accelerated disease course. GFR determination and US are inexpensive means of determining renal function, particularly in resource-limited settings. IE and KL are surrogate markers of kidney function with an increased echogenic pattern being most predictive of kidney dysfunction in CKD, particularly in HIV.Renal phosphate (Pi) wastage following 7 days of starvation was investigated in normal rats (HI-P) and others previously stabilized on a low phosphorus (LO-P) diet. In LO-P animals, P excretion increased after starvation, but was significantly less than in starved HI-P rats. After thyroparathyroidectomy, the increase in Pi excretion after parathyroid hormone (PTH) was significantly greater in nonacidotic starved HI-P rats than in LO-P animals. However, PTH elicited a 31-fold increase in P excretion in both of these groups. Starved LO-P and HI-P rats responded equivalently to dibutyryl cyclic AMP. The renal response to phosphate depletion normally promotes P conservation, but is attenuated markedly by 7 days of subsequent starvation. This results from at least partial restoration of phosphaturic responsiveness to PTH during starvation.Renal fibrosis is a hallmark of end-stage chronic kidney disease. It is characterized by increased accumulation of extracellular matrix (ECM), which disrupts cellular organization and function within the kidney. Here, we review the bi-directional interactions between cells and the ECM that drive renal fibrosis. We will discuss the cells involved in renal fibrosis, changes that occur in the ECM, the interactions between renal cells and the surrounding fibrotic microenvironment, and signal transduction pathways that are misregulated as fibrosis proceeds. Understanding the underlying mechanisms of cell–ECM crosstalk will identify novel targets to better identify and treat renal fibrosis and associated renal disease.The pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease in CKD differs subtly from that of non-CKD patients. As renal function declines, the role and impact of treating classical risk factors may change and diminish. However, hypertension, hypercholesterolaemia and smoking cessation management should be optimized and may require multiple agents and approaches, particularly as CKD advances. Hypertension treatment would appear to be one management area in which performance is less than ideal. Moreover there are mechanisms and risk factors that are specific to CKD, capable of triggering a vascular pathology and that justify the surplus of CV morbidity in CKD patients and that require we consider CKD as a CV risk factor per se. In the initial stages of CKD it would be advisable to implement all the preventative measures to stem the onset of CV disease, whereas in the more advanced stages a multifactorial approach is likely to be necessary, as we have learned from the STENO-study within the diabetes. Mounting clinical experience and evidence from scale observational studies have suggested that polycystic kidney disease (PKD) was not a contraindication for peritoneal dialysis (PD). Recent studies have reported that PD may be associated with a better prognosis in PKD than that of non-PKD patients. To solve the problem, we performed a systematic review and comprehensive meta-analysis to compare the outcomes between PKD and non-PKD patients on PD and the all-cause mortality between patients with PKD on PD and hemodialysis (HD).We conducted a systematic literature using electronic databases (PubMed, Ovid, Embase and Web of Science) to identify the studies reporting the endpoint events of PKD/non-PKD patients with PD and the all-cause mortality between patients with PKD on PD and HD, such as dialysis adequacy, technique failure, PD-related complications, the mode of RRT change, and all-cause mortality. We searched the literature published February 2018 or earlier. We used both fix-effects and random-effects models to calculate the overall effect estimate. A sensitivity analysis and subgroup analysis were performed to find the origin of heterogeneity.12 studies with a total of 17,040 patients reported the endpoint events of PKD/non-PKD patients with PD. No significant difference was observed on dialysis adequacy (Kt/V, SMD: -0.02, 95%CI: -0.12–0.08; D: Pcr (4h), SMD: -0.10, 95% CI: -0.26–0.06), technique failure (RR: 0.97, 95%CI: 0.78-1.20), RRT change (RR: 0.96, 95%CI: 0.77-1.19), total PD-associated complications (RR: 1.0, 95%CI: 0.91-1.09) and all-cause mortality (RR: 0.40, 95%CI: 0.33–0.47) in PKD patients, compared with non-PKD subjects undergoing PD. However, the proportion of renal transplantation in PKD patients was higher than that of non-PKD patients (RR: 2.04, 95%CI: 1.88–2.20) with significant heterogeneity ( =82.7%, =0.000). 4 studies with a total of 5,762 patients reported that the all-cause mortality did not differ between the PKD patients on PD and HD (RR: 0.87, 95%CI: 0.72-1.06).Our meta-analysis found that the outcomes of given population of PKD patients on PD were at least not inferior as compared to those with other primary kidney diseases, and suggested that PKD might be not absolutely a contraindication for PD. Given the limitations of the proposed, it needs further large-scale studies to assess whether PD is a suitable RRT option for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients with PKD. Adenosine is a modulator of renal function but little is known about transport of this compound by renal tubular cells. Transport of exogenous adenosine was studied in isolated perfused rat kidney and in luminal (L) and antiluminal (AL) membrane vesicles isolated from rat renal cortex. Most experiments were performed in the presence of the adenosine deaminase inhibitor erythro-9-(2-hydroxy-3-nonyl)adenine. Kidneys were perfused in a recirculating system with Krebs-Henseleit bicarbonate buffer containing 6 g albumin/dl and adenosine. Net secretion of adenosine occurred at perfusate adenosine concentrations greater than 40 microM, and net reabsorption was seen at concentrations less than 40 microM. N6-(L-2-phenylisopropyl)adenosine (PIA), a nondeaminated adenosine receptor agonist, also showed net reabsorption when unbound PIA concentrations were 10-20 microM. Influx or efflux of [3H]adenosine in vesicles was measured using a rapid filtration technique. Transport into both L and AL vesicles was saturable. L vesicles demonstrated both high Km (43 +/- 4 microM) and low Km (4.4 +/- 0.6 microM) transport systems. Only a low Km (5 +/- 1 microM) system could be demonstrated in AL vesicles. Results indicate that at concentrations in the physiological range (less than 1 microM) adenosine undergoes mediated transport across both L and AL membranes and that net transport across the L membrane is in the direction of reabsorption. Introduction: There are possible adverse effects and pathological disorders that can occur after kidney transplantation. The prevalence of these outcomes in kidney transplant patients is different worldwide. Objectives: In this study, we decided to take a general look at the prevalence of pathological disorders in kidney transplant patients undergoing biopsy. Patients and Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 206 kidney transplant recipients who underwent biopsy of transplanted kidney at Razi medical education center in Rasht city between 2008 and 2019. Information was collected from medical records and interviewing patients. The data were analyzed using SPSS software version 26. They were summarized as the mean (SD) or as median (IQR). The frequency distribution (percentage) was conducted to describe the qualitative variables. Results: Out of 206 patients, 143 (69.4%) were male and the mean age at transplantation was 46.7±13.6 years. About 42.72% were non-relative donors, 47.57% were brain dead donors and 9.71% were family donors. The most common pathological disorder was nephrotoxic caused by calcineurin inhibitors (CNIs) (41.75%) and the most common type of graft rejection was antibody-dependent graft rejection (46.12%). In terms of transplant outcome, 35.92% of the patients suffered transplant rejection and 23.3% of them died. The results of this study did not show a significant relationship between the administration of immunosuppressive drugs and the pathological disorders. Conclusion: The present study showed that the most common pathological disorder in kidney transplant patients was CNIs nephrotoxicity, and the most common type of transplant rejection was antibody-dependent transplant rejection. Studies using the urinary bladder of the toad to elucidate the mechanism of transepithelial ion transport are reviewed. Sodium ions are reabsorbed from bladder urine across the granular cells, accounting for all the electrical activity of this epithelium. Sodium ions enter the granular cells passively through selective sodium channels down an electrochemical gradient, mix in the intracellular "active transport pool," and are pumped actively out of the cell across the basolateral plasma membrane. The concentration of sodium within the active transport pool is normally low, 10-14 mM, with Ringer solution bathing both surfaces. The apical plasma membrane is the major resistance barrier; both vasopressin and aldosterone stimulate sodium transport across the tissue by increasing the permeability of this barrier. The apical plasma membrane is impermeable to chloride ions and they are reabsorbed passively, in response to the transepithelial electrical potential established by active sodium transport, through paracellular channels. The bladder reabsorbs 18 sodium ions per molecule of suprabasal oxygen consumed. The relatively high apical membrane resistance buffers the basolateral active transport system from changes in osmotic work in pumping sodium out of the cell over the physiologic range of transepithelial potentials.  Andrew Connor's article provides a simple explanation of climate change and outlines how and why renal medicine has been among the first specialties to begin to pursue the necessary changes in infrastructure and practice to develop more sustainable healthcare.  The variety, format and availability of phosphate binders has increased greatly over recent years. In this article, renal dietitian Nick McAleer discusses what phosphate is, what role it has within the body, and the implications of poor phosphate control—especially for renal patients. He also outlines key recommendations from national guidance on phosphate management. Precise diagnosis and subtyping of kidney tumors are imperative to optimize and personalize treatment decision for patients. Patients with the most common benign renal tumor, renal oncocytomas, may be overtreated with surgical resection because of limited preoperative diagnostic methods that can accurately identify the benign condition with certainty. In this study, desorption electrospray ionization (DESI)-mass spectrometry (MS) imaging was applied to study the metabolic and lipid profiles of various types of renal tissues, including normal kidney, renal oncocytoma, and renal cell carcinomas (RCC). A total of 73,992 mass spectra from 71 patient samples were obtained and used to build predictive models using the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (Lasso). Overall accuracies of 99.47% per pixel and 100% per patient for prediction of the three tissue types were achieved. In particular, renal oncocytoma and chromophobe RCC, which present the most significant morphologic overlap and are sometimes indistinguishable using histology alone, were also investigated and the predictive models built yielded 100% accuracy in discriminating these tumor types. Discrimination of three subtypes of RCC was also achieved on the basis of DESI-MS imaging data. Importantly, several small metabolites and lipids species were identified as characteristic of individual tissue types and chemically characterized using tandem MS and high mass accuracy measurements. Collectively, our study shows that the metabolic data acquired by DESI-MS imaging in conjunction with statistical modeling allows discrimination of renal tumors and thus has the potential to be used in the clinical setting to improve treatment of patients with kidney tumor.Metabolic data acquired by mass spectrometry imaging in conjunction with statistical modeling allows discrimination of renal tumors and has the potential to be used in the clinic to improve treatment of patients.: Renal transplantation is the treatment of choice for people who suffer from end stage renal disease. Renal vascular anatomy is known for presenting a wide range of variations. Kidneys with variant renal vascular anatomy when used as a graft appear to be a potential risk factor that could impair the outcome of kidney transplantation. Information on renal vascular variations and its implication in the surgical outcome of renal transplantation has not been well studied. Hence, the present study was aimed to evaluate the outcomes of transplantation of renal allografts with variant renal vasculature as compared to allografts without renal vascular variation in the national kidney transplantation center of Ethiopia.: A health institution based cross-sectional study was conducted. A retrospective review of the medical records of kidney recipients was performed. A total of 120 renal transplant recipient’s medical records were evaluated. Chi-square test and Independent t test was used to compare the surgical outcomes of renal transplantation. Graft survival was expressed using Kaplan-Meier curves, and was compared using the log-rank test. P values less than 0.05 was considered as statistically significant. : Evaluation of the renal transplant outcomes did not have shown a significant difference in the postoperative complication rate, rate of delayed graft function (DGF), creatinine clearance levels at 1 , 6, or 12 months postoperatively, and 1-year graft survival among recipients of allografts with and without renal vascular variations. However, operation time and the length of hospital stay were significantly longer among recipients of allografts with variant vasculature.: No significant difference was noted in the outcomes of transplantation of renal allografts with and without vascular variations. Hence, renal allografts with vascular variations are safe to be recruited for transplantation as to this study.Albuminuria is an excellent marker of cardiovascular and renal prognosis. Commercially available tests of immunodetectable albumin in the urine may not identify posttranslationally modified albumin that makes it undetectable to antibodies. Also, it is unclear whether albumin is degraded to smaller fragments, such as through proteolysis, in the course of acute renal injury. In 20 men with chronic kidney disease, we measured excretion rates of urinary protein (pyragallol red), immundetectable urinary albumin (immunoturbidimetry), and urinary total intact albumin (HPLC) after a single dose of 100 mg intravenous iron sucrose administered over 5 min. Fragmentation of urinary albumin and carbonylation of urinary proteins were assessed by immunoblotting. Results showed that iron infusion increased carbonylation of plasma and urinary proteins in a time-dependent manner. A transient increase in urinary excretion rates of total protein, immunodetectable urinary albumin, and total intact albumin was seen. Fragmentation and loss of immunoreactivity of albumin paralleled the changes in total protein excretion. In conclusion, fragmentation, loss of immunoreactivity, and oxidation of albumin in a time-dependent manner may underestimate the extent of injury with the immunoreactive microalbumin assay. Measurement of total intact albumin may better quantify acute renal injury.Experiments conducted in vitro suggest that high osmolality stimulates endothelin production and release by renal tubular epithelial cells. Whether hyperosmotic solutions exert similar effects in vivo is unknown. Therefore, we tested the hypothesis that increasing renal medullary osmolality enhances urinary excretion of endothelin in anesthetized rats. Isosmotic NaCl (284 mosmol/kgHO) was infused either intravenously (1.5 ml/h) or into the renal medullary interstitium (0.5 ml/h) during a 1-h equilibration period and 30-min baseline urine collection period, followed by either isosmotic or hyperosmotic NaCl (921 or 1,664 mosmol/kgHO iv; 1,714 mosmol/kgHO into renal medulla) for two further 30-min periods. Compared with isosmotic NaCl, infusion of hyperosmotic NaCl into the renal medulla significantly increased the endothelin excretion rate ( P0.05; from 0.30 ± 0.02 to 0.49 ± 0.03 fmol/min). Intravenous infusion of hyperosmotic NaCl also significantly increased endothelin excretion rate in a concentration-dependent manner (from 0.79 ± 0.07 to 1.77 ± 0.16 fmol/min and 0.59 ± 0.04 to 1.11 ± 0.08 fmol/min for 1,664 and 921 mosmol/kgHO, respectively). To differentiate between effects of osmolality and NaCl, similar experiments were performed using mannitol solutions. Compared with isosmotic mannitol, medullary interstitial infusion of hyperosmotic mannitol (1,820 mosmol/kgHO) significantly increased endothelin excretion rate ( P0.05; from 0.54 ± 0.03 to 0.94 ± 0.12 fmol/min). Thus exposing the renal medulla to hyperosmotic concentrations of either NaCl or mannitol stimulates endothelin release in vivo, consistent with medullary osmolality being an important regulator of renal endothelin synthesis. Recipients of a renal graft from adult stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHRSP) but not normotensive Wistar-Kyoto rat (WKY) donors have been shown to develop posttransplantation hypertension. To investigate whether hypertension would also travel with the kidneys from young prehypertensive SHRSP and whether the age-related increase in blood pressure in F1 hybrids (F1H) bred from SHRSP and WKY parents was attenuated by early bilateral nephrectomy and transplantation of a WKY kidney, we transplanted kidneys from 14 male SHRSP and 16 WKY donors aged 35-42 days to young male F1H. Recipients had both native kidneys removed. Fifteen unilaterally nephrectomized nontransplanted F1H served as controls. At the time when kidneys were harvested for transplantation, systolic blood pressures in young SHRSP and WKY donors were not significantly different (114 +/- 5 vs. 113 +/- 3 mmHg). After transplantation, recipients of an SHRSP kidney rapidly developed posttransplantation hypertension with systolic blood pressures above 180 mmHg at 3 mo after transplantation. In contrast, systolic blood pressure in recipients of a WKY kidney rose only slightly with increasing age and remained significantly lower than in non-transplanted controls. Transplanted rats exhibited normal weight gain, and renal function (glomerular filtration rate, renal blood flow) in grafted kidneys was well preserved; plasma renin activity was reduced compared with nontransplanted controls. These data demonstrate that 1) hypertension can be transmitted to normotensive recipients by transplantation of a kidney from young prehypertensive SHRSP donors and 2) the age-related increase in arterial pressure in F1H is attenuated by early bilateral nephrectomy and transplantation of a WKY kidney.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)  The kidney is a major site of arginine synthesis where citrulline is converted to arginine via argininosuccinate synthase (ASS) and lyase (ASL). The rate-limiting step in arginine synthesis by the normal kidney is the rate of citrulline delivery and uptake to the renal cortex. We tested whether with chronic kidney disease (CKD) renal arginine synthesis may be compromised. Using the renal ablation/infarction (A/I) injury model, we measured renal citrulline delivery and uptake as well as arginine release at early, moderate, and severe stages of CKD vs. healthy controls. The renal plasma flow (RPF) and arterial-renal venous difference was measured at baseline and during citrulline infusion. Citrulline delivery was reduced at all stages of disease due to marked reductions in RPF and despite moderately increased plasma citrulline. Early after A/I, the kidney demonstrated a compensatory increase in citrulline uptake while at moderate and severe injury baseline citrulline uptake fell. At all stages of CKD, renal arginine release was markedly reduced. Citrulline infusion increased plasma citrulline in all groups, resulting in increased renal delivery vs. baseline. In healthy kidneys and early injury, citrulline uptake increased with the infusion, but only in the normal kidney did arginine production increase in parallel with the increased citrulline uptake. At moderate and severe injury, there was no increase in citrulline uptake or arginine production. The fall in arginine production in A/I was due to an early loss of ASS and ASL conversion of citrulline, which combined with a later reduction in citrulline uptake. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) provides exquisite anatomic detail of various organs and is capable of providing additional functional information. This combination allows for comprehensive diagnostic evaluation of pathologies such as ischemic renal disease. Noninvasive MRI techniques could facilitate translation of many studies performed in controlled animal models using technologies that are invasive to humans. Such a translation is being recognized as essential because many proposed interventions and drugs that prove efficacious in animal models fail to do so in humans. In this article, we review the state-of-the-art functional MRI technique as applied to the kidneys. Podocyte dysfunction contributes to proteinuric chronic kidney disease. A number of key proteins are essential for podocyte function, including nephrin, podocin, CD2-associated protein (CD2AP), synaptopodin, and α-actinin-4 (ACTN4). Although most of these proteins were first identified through genetic studies associated with human kidney disease, subsequent studies have identified phosphorylation of these proteins as an important posttranslational event that regulates their function. In this review, a brief overview of the function of these key podocyte proteins is provided. Second, the role of phosphorylation in regulating the function of these proteins is described. Third, the association between these phosphorylation pathways and kidney disease is reviewed. Finally, challenges and future directions in studying phosphorylation are discussed. Better characterization of these phosphorylation pathways and others yet to be discovered holds promise for translating this knowledge into new therapies for patients with proteinuric chronic kidney disease.  Stress-activated kinases p38 MAPK and JNK promote renal fibrosis; however, how the pathways by which these kinases are activated in kidney disease remain poorly defined. Apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1/MAPKKK5) is a member of the MAPKKK family that can induce activation of p38 and JNK. The present study examined whether ASK1 induces p38/JNK activation and renal fibrosis in unilateral ureteric obstruction (UUO) using wild-type (WT) and Ask1-deficient ( Ask1) mice. Basal p38 and JNK activation in WT kidneys was increased three- to fivefold in day 7 UUO mice in association with renal fibrosis. In contrast, there was no increase in p38 activation in Ask1 UUO mice, whereas JNK activation was only partially increased. The progressive increase in kidney collagen (hydroxyproline) content seen on days 7 and 12 of UUO in WT mice was significantly reduced in Ask1 UUO mice in association with reduced α-smooth muscle actin-positive myofibroblast accumulation. However, cultured WT and Ask1 renal fibroblasts showed equivalent proliferation and matrix production, indicating that ASK1 acts indirectly on fibroblasts. Tubular epithelial cells are the main site of p38 activation in the obstructed kidney. Angiotensin II and H, but not IL-1 or lipopolysaccharide, induced p38 activation and upregulation of transforming growth factor-β, platelet-derived growth factor-B, and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 production was suppressed in Ask1 tubular epithelial cells. In addition, macrophage accumulation was significantly inhibited in Ask1 UUO mice. In conclusion, ASK1 is an important upstream activator of p38 and JNK signaling in the obstructed kidney, and ASK1 is a potential therapeutic target in renal fibrosis.  Type 1 and type 2 diabetes, along with their accompanying hyperglycemia, are associated with a multitude of comorbidities including the development of diabetic kidney disease. Although the hallmarks of these metabolic disorders have been well characterized in population and animal studies, it is becoming increasingly apparent that diabetes manifests itself differently in men and women. This review summarizes the recent diabetic literature with a focus on known sex differences in clinical and preclinical studies. It explores the physiological differences of glucose handling and the development of diabetes between men and women. This review also uncovers potential mechanisms for these differences, honing in on the vital role that sex hormone signaling plays in the progression of diabetes and renal complications. Objective: This study reported a case series of our initial experiences in kidney transplantation with three renal arteries of the kidney allograft. Materialmethods: The kidney allograft from all of the four cases was harvested with laparoscopic living donor nephrectomy. End-to-side anastomosis was performed from the small artery to the larger main artery before side-to-side anastomosis was performed between the two arteries of equal size. After joining the renal arteries we performed end-to-side anastomosis from the renal vein and artery to the external iliac vein and artery respectively. Results: All of the four cases respond well to the allograft kidney. Three recipients had normal serum creatinine level before 5 days after transplantation. One recipient had undergone hemodialysis once on the third day after transplantation. All of the recipients have no vascular and urologic complications. Conclusion: Multiple renal arteries are no longer considered as a relative contraindication, especially with meticulous anastomosis technique. No vascular and urologic complication was observed from this technique.Cortical kidney explants from newborn New Zealand rabbits were cultured in Dulbecco’s minimum essential medium (DMEM) containing 10% fetal calf serum. Within 24 h the explants formed ‘globular bodies’ which were completely covered by a monolayered epithelium. The cells were differentiated and resembled collecting duct epithelium. By culturing the globular bodies in Dulbecco’s MEM with -valine instead of -valine, a monolayer of collecting duct cells was obtained and used for control experiments. For analysis and identification of synthesized glycoproteins, the globular bodies were incubated with various labelled carbohydrates and amino acids, and then fractionated. Glycoproteins secreted into the culture medium were not detected. Cell-associated glycoproteins were found in crude membrane fractions and then extracted with Triton X-100 for column chromatography, SDS-polyacrylamide electrophoresis in 6 M urea, isoelectrofocusing, and two-dimensional electrophoresis. Two prominent glycoproteins containing galactose and glucosamine were synthesized during the spreading of the epithelium, with an apparent molecular weight of 150,000 and 85,000 (SDS-PAGE). The synthesized glycoproteins differ in their content of radioactive glycoprotein precursor and leucine. The 85,000 dalton monomer glycoprotein has an isoelectric point of 3.5 and was identified by two-dimensional electrophoresis.Hormones influence renal function by both extrarenal and intrarenal mechanisms. Extrarenal mechanisms include the effects through systemic hemodynamic and neural pathways, whereas intrarenal mechanisms can be largely divided into the effects on intrarenal hemodynamics and those on tubular transport epithelia. Neurohypophysial hormones and the renin-angiotensin system appear to act primarily on systemic and preglomerularvasculature in primitive vertebrates, while direct tubular action appears to have evolved at a later stage of phylogeny. Although aldosterone is an essential hormone for fluid mineral balance in mammals, the action of mineralocorticoids on tubular Na transport has not been established in nonmammalian tetrapods. In bony fishes in hyperosmotic environments, cortisol accelerates active Na extrusion from the gill. In contrast, prolactin is important for maintaining low osmotic water permeability of the transport epithelia in fishes in hypoosmotic media. Thus, both function and site of hormone action appear to have changed during the evolution of vertebrates interacting with changing environments, and in response to the demands from other bodily functions. Furthermore, evolution of interactions, at the cellular level, between systemic and locally formed hormones such as prostaglandins, kinins, and perhaps angiotensin may have developed more elaborate controlling systems of renal handling of solutes and water.Residual kidney function is strongly associated with benefits in survival, morbidity, and quality of life in both hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis patients. Possible explanations include better volume control in dialysis patients who maintain significant urine volume, better middle molecule and other toxin clearance by the kidneys, and a lower level of systemic inflammation associated with ongoing kidney function. The residual kidney function should be monitored and preserved if at all possible. Practices such as incremental dialysis, avoidance of interim hemodialysis in those choosing peritoneal dialysis, avoidance of peritonitis and nephrotoxic medications, use of renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system blockade, and maintenance of transplant kidney function with ongoing low-level immunosuppression are all methods that can be implemented to help protect this vital function.Although glomerular lesions are caused by multiple mechanisms, when the lesion is severe, it frequently results in segmental or global sclerosis regardless of etiology, and contributes to progression of renal disease. Initially, glomerular mesangial cell injury was considered to be central to glomerular sclerosis. Recently, glomerular epithelial cell injury has attracted attention as the primary event of the sclerosis. Less attention has been paid to glomerular endothelial cell injury. However, the latter is acquiring increasing interest as to whether endothelial cell injury is also a crucial factor in the cause and progression of glomerular sclerosis. It has been clearly demonstrated that regeneration of impaired glomerular capillary networks plays an important role in the repair process of glomerular lesions. Glomerular endothelial cell injury exerts significant influences on the progression and repair process of glomerular disease. When the glomerular lesion is severe, angiogenesis is prevented due to endothelial cell injury, with subsequent sclerosis taking place in the impaired region. These glomerular endothelial cell injuries inevitably affect mesangial and epithelial cells and presumably modify the progression of renal disease by reciprocally interacting with them.Both proximal renal tubule cells and cultured Madin-Darby canine kidney (MDCK) cells are capable of regulating their volume in hypotonic media. Regulatory cell volume decrease in proximal straight tubules is impaired by barium, amiloride and acetazolamide and depends on the presence of bicarbonate and of sodium, whereas it is unaffected by complete removal of extracellular chloride. The observations may point to parallel loss of potassium through potassium channels as well as of bicarbonate and sodium via a bicarbonate-sodium cotransport. Alternatively, potassium/hydrogen ion exchange or potassium bicarbonate cotransport could be involved. In MDCK cells, exposure to hypotonic media apparently leads to the activation of an anion channel, while potassium conductance is rather decreased. In both proximal tubules and MDCK cells, volume regulatory decrease is possibly triggered by leucotrienes, which may be released during cell swelling. Cell volume is altered in a variety of conditions even at isotonic extracellular fluid and cell volume-regulatory mechanisms are likely to participate in regulation of renal transepithelial transport.Chronic antibody mediated rejection (AMR) is a major cause of allograft failure1,2. Chronic AMR clinically presents with proteinuria and gradual decline in renal function. The underlying mechanisms of AMR include both antibody mediated complement-dependent cytotoxicity, complement-independent cellular cytotoxicity and other mechanisms. The purpose of this review is to appraise recent literature on diagnosis, treatment and prevention of chronic AMR.Patients requiring immunosuppressive therapy after transplantation are susceptible to infection by a variety of common and uncommon pathogens, and infection has been the major cause of death in organ transplant recipients.
Here we present one of a kind case where klebsiella pneumonia led to a fatal and life threatening complication i.e. gastro pulmonary fistula in a renal transplant recipient.The kidneys are targets of systemic autoimmunity as well as pathogenic immune responses against renal auto antigens. Systemic autoimmunity against ubiquitous antigens leading to renal inflammation is seen in antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCA) associated vasculitis, immunoglobulin (Ig) A vasculitis, systemic lupus erythematosis, scleroderma and IgG4 disease while immune responses against specific renal antigens is seen in antiglomerular basement membrane disease. Renal involvement can be the presenting feature in these diseases and can manifest as a rise in serum creatinine or asymptomatic urinary abnormalities or can present with rapidly progressive renal failure. For the majority of systemic inflammatory disorders, renal involvement heralds a poor prognosis and warrants timely initiation of immunosuppressive therapy. This chapter will review the clinical, laboratory, and histologic features and discuss management of renal disease associated with ANCA-associated vasculitis, IgA vasculitis, antiglomerular basement membrane disease, polyarteritis nodosa, scleroderma, and IgG4 disease.The present study was done to determine: (1) regional (cortex, red medulla and papilla) changes in ATP, ADP and AMP resulting from periods of ischemia of 30-300 s; (2) whether ischemic changes in adenine nucleotides or lactate were modified by hypertonic saline loading, and (3) whether adenylate kinase activity was present in each region. Ischemia led to changes in all three adenine nucleotides which were characteristic for each region. In cortex, there was a major decrease in ATP, increase in AMP and a small transient increase in ADP. In red medulla there were slower changes in ATP, ADP and AMP. In papilla, ATP decreased slightly and ADP, as opposed to AMP, accumulated. Hypertonic saline loading increased the rate of ATP decrease and AMP accumulation, most markedly in red medulla. Lactate concentration rose similarly in control and hypertonic saline studies. Adenylate kinase activity was found to be present in each region. In conclusion: (1) the rate of change of all three adenine nucleotides differs among the three renal areas studied; (2) increases in renal transport work, associated with hypertonic saline loading, are reflected in an increase in the rate of ATP decay during ischemia; (3) anaerobic metabolism, as indicated by tissue lactate concentration, is not altered by hypertonic saline loading, and (4) the failure of AMP to accumulate in papilla is not due to the absence of adenylate kinase. The potential benefits of participating in arts while on dialysis and post-transplant is now being acknowledged. William Johnston, Northern Ireland Advocacy Officer, Kidney Care UK, outlines his own renal arts journey and how the Renal Arts Group (Queens University Belfast) was created and developed, and its contribution to the momentum of the renal arts movement. Patients with cancer are at risk for acute and chronic renal injury. The insult could be from the malignancy directly or a paraneoplastic process or due to treatment. In addition, cancer and its treatments can also lead to electrolyte and acid-base disorders, as well as hypertension. Monitoring kidney function in patients with cancer is important for early detection and management of these complications. This is also important for patients on newer cancer treatments whose renal effects may not be well known. In patients for whom nephrotoxicity is anticipated, specific precautions can be taken for its prevention. This chapter discusses direct tumor involvement of the kidney and treatment-associated kidney disease and closes by examining tumor lysis syndrome and kidney disease after hematopoietic cell transplantation. Nutrition support in chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a cornerstone treatment for end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) and there is growing awareness this is also essential in the pre-dialysis or pre-dialysis period. Current treatment strategies and practice guidelines are based on either evidence from dialysis populations or from a limited range of studies in pre-dialysis. This paper will review the literature regarding the nutritional management in chronic kidney disease, to identify effectiveness of nutrition support and supplementation in pre-dialysis.  The first human kidney transplants were heroic operations undertaken at a time when dialysis was not a long-term option. A few inspiring stories kept hopes high, but in general, the outcomes of these early experiments were down-heartening. Management of large renal tumors in a horseshoe kidney has received little attention due to the highly infrequent occurrence. Surgical management for tumors in horseshoe kidney is challenging due to complex aberrant vascular anatomy, relative fixity of the renal moieties and other associated conditions such as ectopia and malrotation. An added component of a renal vein thrombus in this scenario often adds to the surgical conundrum. Inadequate peri-operative management may cause devastating complications and increased morbidity and mortality. Careful pre-operative planning and meticulous intra-operative dissection limits blood loss and thereby complications.Case presentationWe present the peri-operative management of a large renal tumor with a renal vein thrombus in a horseshoe kidney moiety as a case report with literature review focusing on the intra-operative surgical approach that may be adopted for these tumors. A 12 cm × 10 cm left renal moiety mass with renal vein thrombus with no distant metastasis was diagnosed. After confirmation of thrombus extent with CT as well as MRI Abdomen, the patient underwent left moiety radical nephrectomy with renal vein thrombectomy. Careful intra-operative dissection and division of the vascular supply of the left renal moiety was performed. Vessel stapler was used for division of isthmus that resulted in minimal blood loss, complete oncologic clearance and minimal post operative morbidity.Large renal tumor with renal vein thrombus in horseshoe kidneys is an uncommon condition. Pre operative cross-sectional imaging and intra-operative use of vessel sealants like Ligasure, harmonic scalpel and vessel staplers contribute to minimizing blood loss and thereby result in excellent patient outcomes. We report a case of a large left renal moiety tumor with renal vein thrombus successfully managed with open radical left moiety nephrectomy and isthmectomy with tumor thrombectomy. Chronic kidney disease-mineral and bone disorder (CKD-MBD) occurs when the kidneys fail to maintain the proper levels of calcium and phosphorus in the blood. CKD-MBD is a common problem in people with kidney disease and affects almost all patients receiving dialysis. Edward Sharples in this article points to the guidelines available to manage this patient group and outlines the challenges and complexities of the available therapies and interventions. Background and AimsRenal function recovery after acute kidney injury (AKI) is associated with patient outcomes. The study objectives were to assess the patterns of AKI recovery within 6 months following discharge for AKI and subsequent incidence of chronic dialysis.A retrospective cohort of 234,867 hospitalized adult patients was examined for AKI between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2017 in the largest healthcare delivery system in Taiwan. Renal function recovery at 3- and 6-month post discharge, incident chronic kidney disease and chronic dialysis initiation were analyzed over 7 years of follow-up. Renal recovery was defined by1.5× baseline SCr (prior to the hospitalization). Independent associations between renal function recovery patterns and renal outcomes was assessed by Cox proportional hazard model controlling for potential confounders, and subdistribution hazard ratio (SHR) with [95% CI] was analysed for competing risk of early death.Among 3 months AKI survivors (n=24,132), 14.28% (n=3,430) did not recovery back to baseline, and 16% of recovery did not sustain. Three distinct renal function recovery continuums at 6 months post hospital discharge were: persistent non-recovery (10.18%), non-recovery (14.33%), and recovery (75.5%). Comparing to survivors without AKI (n=50,387), the impact of renal recovery continuum on chronic dialysis initiation varied by patient’s baseline renal disease (SHR was 2.82 [95%CI, 2.42-3.28] in CKD, and 0.8 [95%CI, 0.27-2.38] for non-CKD. Persistent non-recovery was significantly associated with a greater increased risk of chronic dialysis than non-recovery in any patients with AKI. Comparing to patients with sustained AKI recovery, risk of CKD onset increased 5-fold in persistent non-recovery and 3-fold risk in non-recovery.The continuum of AKI recovery post 6 months is associated with increased risk of chronic dialysis, particularly in patients with baseline CKD. These study results suggested that patients ever with AKI should receive close renal function monitoring for post-discharge management. Donor rejection is one of the biggest challenges that kidney transplant patients have to face. However, a study published by Oxford University researchers suggests that treatment with a combination of alemtuzumab and tacrolimus could halve the risk of post-transplant rejection.  Electrical measurements with microelectrodes have proven of great value in the investigation of renal ion transport mechanisms. By virtue of their fine tips (less than 1 micron in diameter) and because of the ease of recording electrical transients, they provide measurements with unparallelled space and time resolution. Early electrophysiological work was done largely in amphibians, because of their larger cell size, whereas studies in mammals were restricted to transepithelial electrical parameters, which provided no insight into individual membrane mechanisms. However, recently techniques have been developed to impale individual tubular cells of mammalian kidneys successfully, both in vivo and in vitro. Such experiments allow us to identify ion transport properties of individual cell membranes from the response of the electrical potential to fast pertubations of the luminal and/or peritubular fluid composition or to applied currents. The power of this approach was greatly increased by the development of ion-selective microelectrodes, allowing us to measure intracellular concentrations of Na+, K+, Cl-, Ca2+, and HCO3- or pH directly and to follow quantitatively their changes in response to different experimental maneuvers. In the present paper our knowledge of ion transport mechanisms of mammalian proximal tubular cell membranes is summarized, with emphasis on the transport of Na+, K+, HCO3-, and Cl-. With the exception of transcellular transport of Cl-, which is quantitatively less important, the major transport mechanisms of all other ions have been identified in the brush border and in the peritubular cell membrane. Emphasis is given to the description of HCO3- exit across the peritubular cell membrane, which has not thus far been studied with other than electrophysiological techniques. Microelectrode techniques will probably continue to provide new insight when regulatory phenomena are studied on the cellular level and individual conductance channels in renal cell membranes are identified with the newly developed patch-clamp technique. Acute kidney injury is common, with ∼13 million cases and 1.7 million deaths/year worldwide. A major cause is renal ischemia, typically following cardiac surgery, renal transplant or severe hemorrhage. We examined the cause of the sustained reduction in renal blood flow (“no-reflow”), which exacerbates kidney injury even after an initial cause of compromised blood supply is removed. After 60 min kidney ischemia and 30-60 min reperfusion, renal blood flow remained reduced, especially in the medulla, and kidney tubule damage was detected as Kim-1 expression. Constriction of the medullary descending vasa recta and cortical peritubular capillaries occurred near pericyte somata, and led to capillary blockages, yet glomerular arterioles and perfusion were unaffected, implying that the long-lasting decrease of renal blood flow contributing to kidney damage was generated by pericytes. Blocking Rho kinase to decrease pericyte contractility from the start of reperfusion increased the post-ischemic diameter of the descending vasa recta capillaries at pericytes, reduced the percentage of capillaries that remained blocked, increased medullary blood flow and reduced kidney injury. Thus, post-ischemic renal no-reflow, contributing to acute kidney injury, reflects pericytes constricting the descending vasa recta and peritubular capillaries. Pericytes are therefore an important therapeutic target for treating acute kidney injury. Levels of obesity continue to rise across the world, challenging health-care services and further impacting on people living with long-term conditions. In this article, Hazel Ferenbach and Bryan Conway outline the reasons why people are becoming obese and overweight, and how health professionals can manage this in patients with chronic kidney disease. Precise diagnosis and subtyping of kidney tumors are imperative to optimize and personalize treatment decision for patients. Patients with the most common benign renal tumor, renal oncocytomas, may be overtreated with surgical resection because of limited preoperative diagnostic methods that can accurately identify the benign condition with certainty. In this study, desorption electrospray ionization (DESI)-mass spectrometry (MS) imaging was applied to study the metabolic and lipid profiles of various types of renal tissues, including normal kidney, renal oncocytoma, and renal cell carcinomas (RCC). A total of 73,992 mass spectra from 71 patient samples were obtained and used to build predictive models using the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (Lasso). Overall accuracies of 99.47% per pixel and 100% per patient for prediction of the three tissue types were achieved. In particular, renal oncocytoma and chromophobe RCC, which present the most significant morphologic overlap and are sometimes indistinguishable using histology alone, were also investigated and the predictive models built yielded 100% accuracy in discriminating these tumor types. Discrimination of three subtypes of RCC was also achieved on the basis of DESI-MS imaging data. Importantly, several small metabolites and lipids species were identified as characteristic of individual tissue types and chemically characterized using tandem MS and high mass accuracy measurements. Collectively, our study shows that the metabolic data acquired by DESI-MS imaging in conjunction with statistical modeling allows discrimination of renal tumors and thus has the potential to be used in the clinical setting to improve treatment of patients with kidney tumor.Metabolic data acquired by mass spectrometry imaging in conjunction with statistical modeling allows discrimination of renal tumors and has the potential to be used in the clinic to improve treatment of patients. Good nutrition is an important factor in the management of chronic kidney disease in paediatric patients, aiding growth and development. The recommendations for adequate nutritional intake depend on a number of factors and should be individual to each patient. In this article, Victoria Kearns and Eileen Brennan outline the nutrients needed.  For patients with diabetes and chronic kidney disease, several dietary restrictions are necessary to prevent episodes of hyperglycaemia and fluid overloading. Patients should be advised by specialist dietitians in renal medicine and diabetes when modifying their nutritional intake and lifestyle. Gabby Ramlan reviews the key dietary recommendations in national clinical guidelines.  Renal patients often ask whether they should be reducing their fat intake to prevent the decline of their renal function. To respond to these concerns, renal dietitians need to evaluate the evidence base around dietary fats and discuss the potential implications and practicalities of any nutritional changes with patients. Andrew Morris looks at the literature linking dietary fats to kidney disease. The use of desmopressin in preventing renal biopsy-related bleeding is not established and its effects on serum sodium levels are not well studied. The study aimed to compare the bleeding complication rates between the groups with and without desmopressin use prebiopsy and to observe the effect of desmopressin on postbiopsy serum sodium levels.In this single-center, prospective and retrospective interventional study, from June 2018 onwards, patients with serum creatinine 132.6 μmol/L but not on dialysis and undergoing ultrasound-assisted needle-guided renal biopsy received 150 μg of desmopressin (D-amino D-arginine vasopressin (DDAVP)) (Group II). Data from patients from June 2017 to May 2018 were included in Group I in whom desmopressin was not used. Bleeding complications were monitored by clinical and ultrasound surveillance. Serum sodium levels were checked prior to and 24 h following desmopressin in Group II.A total of 194 patients were included in the study: 105 in Group I and 89 in Group II. Group II had lower overall minor bleeding complications and perinephric hematomas than Group I (15.7% versus 31.4%, 14% versus 27% and 7.8% versus 19% in Group II and Group I, respectively, with P0.05). Not using desmopressin and female sex were significant predictors for overall risk of bleeding on multivariate logistic regression. Serum sodium levels fell in 94% of patients in Group II. Lower prebiopsy serum sodium, higher estimated glomerular function rate and higher spot urine sodium values were associated with a greater decrease in serum sodium after desmopressin.Intranasal desmopressin reduces bleeding complications during renal biopsies performed in patients with reduced renal function not requiring dialysis, albeit with a risk of developing hyponatremia. Aims and objectives: To explore dosing patterns and self-injection barriers in administrating erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) treatment in patients with chronic kidney disease, not on dialysis (CKD-ND). Method: In a multicenter, cross-sectional study in Sweden, 385 CKD-ND patients were assessed for ESA administration patterns and barriers to self-injection. Results: 121 participants (31%) did not self-inject ESA. Of the assisted patients, 88 (73%) had ESA administered by district nurses and 33 (27%) by relatives. Assistance was more common among patients ≥65 years. Injection fear, uncertainty, convenience and physical handicaps were common barriers to self-injection. Conclusions: A range of barriers may influence the patients’ ability to self-inject ESA. These should be addressed and further elucidated. Renal nurses as well as other caregivers need to explore the patients’ perspective, address injection related anxiety, handling difficulties and support and educate CKD-ND patients to enhance their self-care agency regarding anaemia management.  When Ian Ramage was first diagnosed with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) soon after his daughter Abby was born, little did he know that 26 years later she would donate one of her kidneys to save his life. In his patient story, Ian shares this life-changing experience  Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease is the most common and severe form of polycystic kidney disease. Although patients may display similar symptoms, the management of each individual will pose different challenges for the renal nurse. A hoslitic approach and understanding, argues Sarah Borrows, is vital to improve the wellbeing of patients and families.  Paul Roderick gives an overview of how the prevention, detection and treatment of chronic kidney disease (CKD) has changed in recent years. He explains why CKD has become a major health problem and the actions required to deal with this life-threatening disease.  Kathryn Griffith helped to develop the 18 week pathway for chronic kidney disease (CKD). In this article she gives an overview of why it was necessary to develop the pathway and how to use it, ensuring patients wait a maximum of 18 weeks from being referred by their GPs to being treated at the hospital. The information and links below have been developed to support the implementation of the 18 weeks commissioning pathway for chronic kidney disease (CKD). These links will also be helpful for other pathways/specialties and can be read in conjunction with the commissioning pathways or on their own. They are specifically aimed at supporting local implementation of good practice, to improve efficiency, reduce delays, and improve quality of service provision in a safe and effective way. Tumour lysis syndrome (TLS) can cause acute kidney injury (AKI) by the breakdown of intracellular contents during treatment for malignancies with large tumour burden. We report a case with an unusual presentation of AKI needing renal replacement therapy. Investigation of the cause for AKI led to the diagnosis of an underlying malignancy (lymphoma). Treatment of a Bell’s palsy with steroids before presenting to our service has caused the AKI giving us the overarching diagnosis of TLS in this patient with lymphoma. There is currently no technique to unambiguously diagnose antemortem kidney injury on postmortem examination since postmortem tissue damage and autolysis are common. We assessed the ability to detect kidney injury molecule-1 (KIM-1) expression in adult and fetal kidneys examined at autopsy. In adult kidneys ( n = 52 subjects), we found that the intensity of KIM-1 staining significantly correlated with the antemortem level of serum creatinine, and this was independent of the extent of tissue autolysis. In addition, kidneys from a total of 52 fetal/neonatal subjects, 30 stillborns and 22 liveborns, were assessed for KIM-1 staining. Given that serum creatinine is unreliable and often unavailable in fetuses and newborns, we assessed preterminal hypoxia in fetuses by the presence of squames in pulmonary alveoli and by required intubation. KIM-1 expression correlated with these clinical indexes of hypoxia. The expression of KIM-1 was seen in a majority of the fetal and neonatal autopsy kidneys (77%, 40/52) as early as 16 wk of gestation, even in the presence of autolysis. Thus KIM-1 is a specific and stable marker of antemortem tubular injury in kidneys of adults and fetuses despite postmortem autolysis.  Disruption of mitochondrial dynamics is an important pathogenic event in both acute and chronic kidney diseases, but the underlying mechanism remains poorly understood. Here, we report the regulation of mitofusin-2 (Mfn2; a key mitochondrial fusion protein) by microRNA-214 (miR-214) in renal ischemia-reperfusion that contributes to mitochondrial fragmentation, renal tubular cell death, and ischemic acute kidney injury (AKI). miR-214 was induced, whereas Mfn2 expression was decreased, in mouse ischemic AKI and cultured rat kidney proximal tubular cells (RPTCs) following ATP depletion treatment. Overexpression of miR-214 decreased Mfn2. Conversely, inhibition of miR-214 with anti-miR-214 prevented Mfn2 downregulation in RPTCs following ATP depletion. Anti-miR-214 further ameliorated mitochondrial fragmentation and apoptosis, whereas overexpression of miR-214 increased apoptosis, in ATP-depleted RPTCs. To test regulation in vivo, we established a mouse model with miR-214 specifically deleted from kidney proximal tubular cells (PT- miR-214). Compared with wild-type mice, PT- miR-214 mice had less severe tissue damage, fewer apoptotic cells, and better renal function after ischemic AKI. miR-214 induction in ischemic AKI was suppressed in PT- miR-214 mice, accompanied by partial preservation of Mfn2 in kidneys. These results unveil the miR-214/Mfn2 axis that contributes to the disruption of mitochondrial dynamics and tubular cell death in ischemic AKI, offering new therapeutic targets.  Cisplatin, a commonly used anticancer drug, has been shown to induce acute kidney injury, which limits its clinical use in cancer treatment. Emerging evidence has suggested that AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), which functions as a cellular energy sensor, is activated by various cellular stresses that deplete cellular ATP. However, the potential role of AMPK in cisplatin-induced apoptosis of renal tubular epithelial cells has not been studied. In this study, we demonstrated that cisplatin activates AMPK (Thr phosphorylation) in cultured renal tubular epithelial cells in a time-dependent manner, which was associated with p53 phosphorylation. Compound C, a selective AMPK inhibitor, suppressed cisplatin-induced AMPK activation, p53 phosphorylation, Bax induction, and caspase 3 activation. Furthermore, silencing AMPK expression by siRNA attenuated cisplatin-induced p53 phosphorylation, Bax induction, and caspase 3 activation. In a mouse model of cisplatin-induced kidney injury, compound C inhibited p53 phosphorylation, Bax expression, caspase 3 activation, and apoptosis, protecting the kidney from injury and dysfunction. Taken together, these results suggest that the AMPK-p53-Bax signaling pathway plays a crucial role in cisplatin-induced tubular epithelial cell apoptosis.  storage is the most prevalent method for graft preservation in kidney transplantation (KTX). The protective effects of various preservation solutions have been studied extensively in both clinical trials and experimental animal models. However, a paucity of studies have examined the effect of different preservation solutions on graft function in mouse KTX; in addition, the tolerance of the transplanted grafts to further insult has not been evaluated, which was the objective of the present study. We performed mouse KTX in three groups, with the donor kidneys preserved in different solutions for 60 min: saline, mouse serum, and University of Wisconsin (UW) solution. The graft functions were assessed by kidney injury markers and glomerular filtration rate (GFR). The grafts that were preserved in UW solution exhibited better functions, reflected by 50 and 70% lower plasma creatinine levels as well as 30 and 55% higher plasma creatinine levels in GFR than serum and saline groups, respectively, during the first week after transplants. To examine the graft function in response to additional insult, we induced ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI) by clamping the renal pedicle for 18 min at 4 wk after KTX. We found that the grafts preserved in UW solution exhibited ~30 and 20% less injury assessed by kidney injury markers and histology than in other two preservation solutions. Taken together, our results demonstrated that UW solution exhibited a better protective effect in transplanted renal grafts in mice. UW solution is recommended for use in mouse KTX for reducing confounding factors such as IRI during surgery.  Development of a tissue-engineered neo-kidney augment (NKA) requires evaluation of defined, therapeutically relevant cell and cell/biomaterial composites (NKA constructs) for regenerative potential in mammalian kidney. Previous work identified primary renal cell populations that extended survival and improved renal function in a rodent model of chronic kidney disease (CKD). This study extends that work toward the goal of developing NKA by (i) screening in vivo inflammatory and fibrotic responses to acellular biomaterials delivered to healthy rodent renal parenchyma, (ii) evaluating the functionality of renal cell/biomaterial combinations in vitro, (iii) generating NKA constructs by combining therapeutically relevant cell populations with biocompatible biomaterial, and (iv) evaluating in vivo neokidney tissue development in response to NKA constructs delivered to healthy rodent renal parenchyma. Gelatin and hyaluronic acid (HA)-based hydrogels elicited the least inflammatory and fibrotic responses in renal parenchyma relative to polycaprolactone (PCL) and poly(lactic- co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) beads or particles and were associated with neovascularization and cellular infiltration by 4 weeks postimplantation. Renal cell populations seeded onto gelatin or HA-based hydrogels were viable and maintained a tubular epithelial functional phenotype during an in vitro maturation of 3 days as measured by transcriptomic, proteomic, secretomic, and confocal immunofluorescence assays. In vivo delivery of cell-seeded NKA constructs (bioactive renal cells + gelatin hydrogels) to healthy rodent renal parenchyma elicited neokidney tissue formation at 1 week postimplantation. To investigate a potential mechanism by which NKA constructs could impact a disease state, the effect of conditioned media on TGF-β signaling pathways related to tubulo-interstitial fibrosis associated with CKD progression was evaluated. Conditioned medium was observed to attenuate TGF-β-induced epithelial–mesenchymal transition (EMT) in vitro in a human proximal tubular cell line (HK2).  High-salt intake after recovery from renal ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) injury leads to hypertension with severe renal damage. Transient receptor potential vanilloid type 1 (TRPV1) channels have been involved in the regulation of inflammation and oxidative stress following ischemic organ injury. We tested the hypothesis that activation of TRPV1 conveys preconditioning protection to the kidney subjected to I/R.TRPV1 was activated or down-regulated by subcutaneous injection of a low (1mg/kg) or high (100mg/kg) dose of capsaicin, respectively, 3 hours before ischemia. Rats were fed a 0.4% NaCl diet for 5 weeks after I/R followed by a 4% NaCl diet for 4 more weeks in 4 groups: sham, I/R, I/R+high-dose capsaicin (HCap), and I/R+low-dose capsaicin (LCap).Renal TRPV1 expression was decreased in I/R rats ( 0.05) and further reduced in I/R+HCap group ( 0.05) but unchanged in I/R+LCap rats compared with the sham group. Blood pressure were elevated in I/R rats ( 0.05) and further increased in I/R+HCap group ( 0.05) but unchanged in I/R+LCap rats compared with sham. Renal function was impaired in I/R rats ( 0.05) and further deteriorated in I/R+HCap group ( 0.05) but unchanged in I/R+LCap group. Renal inflammatory responses, oxidative stress, and renal collagen deposition were augmented in I/R rats (all0.05) and further intensified in I/R+HCap group (all0.05) but unchanged in I/R+LCap group.Activation of TRPV1 plays an anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative stress role in preventing renal tissue damage and salt-induced hypertension after I/R injury, indicating that TRPV1 conveys preconditioning protection that may have therapeutic implication.We have characterized the expression and secretion of the acute kidney injury (AKI) biomarkers insulin-like growth factor binding protein 7 (IGFBP7) and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases-2 (TIMP-2) in human kidney epithelial cells in primary cell culture and tissue. We established cell culture model systems of primary kidney cells of proximal and distal tubule origin and observed that both proteins are indeed expressed and secreted in both tubule cell types in vitro. However, TIMP-2 is both expressed and secreted preferentially by cells of distal tubule origin, while IGFBP7 is equally expressed across tubule cell types yet preferentially secreted by cells of proximal tubule origin. In human kidney tissue, strong staining of IGFBP7 was seen in the luminal brush-border region of a subset of proximal tubule cells, and TIMP-2 stained intracellularly in distal tubules. Additionally, while some tubular colocalization of both biomarkers was identified with the injury markers kidney injury molecule-1 and neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin, both biomarkers could also be seen alone, suggesting the possibility for differential mechanistic and/or temporal profiles of regulation of these early AKI biomarkers from known markers of injury. Last, an in vitro model of ischemia-reperfusion demonstrated enhancement of secretion of both markers early after reperfusion. This work provides a rationale for further investigation of these markers for their potential role in the pathogenesis of acute kidney injury.Traditional histologic methods are limited in detecting dynamic changes in immune cells during acute kidney injury (AKI). Recently, optical tissue clearing combined with multiphoton microscopy (MPM) or light sheet fluorescence microscopy (LSFM) has become an emerging method for deep tissue evaluation and three-dimensional visualization. These new approaches have helped expand our understanding of tissue injury and repair processes, including tracing the changes in immune cells. We designed this study to investigate the morphological and functional alterations of renal mononuclear phagocytes (MNPs) in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced AKI using renal clearing in CD11c-YFP mice. We also evaluated the effect of the NLRP3 inhibitor MCC950 to determine whether NLRP3 inhibition attenuates the activation of CD11c+ cells in an LPS-induced AKI model. Transverse sectioned whole mouse kidney imaging by LSFM showed that CD11c+ cells were mainly distributed in the cortex, especially the tubulointerstitial area. The number of CD11c+ cells was significantly more densely interspersed, particularly in periglomerular and perivascular lesions, in the saline-treated LPS-exposed kidney than in the control kidney. Deep imaging of the kidney cortex by MPM demonstrated an increased number of CD11c+ cells in the saline-treated LPS group compared with the control group. This quantitative alteration of CD11c+ cells in AKI was accompanied by morphological changes at high resolution, showing an increased number and level of dendrites. These morphological and behavioral changes in the saline-treated LPS group were accompanied by increased MHC class II and CD86 on CD11c-YFP+ cells. MCC950 attenuated the activation of CD11c+ cells after AKI and improved renal function. In conclusion, wide and deep three-dimensional visualization using MPM or LSFM combined with kidney clearing uncovers dynamic changes of renal MNPs, which are directly linked to renal function in AKI. The Vanderbilt O’Brien Kidney Center (VOKC) is one of the eight National Institutes of Health P30-funded centers in the United States. The mission of these core-based centers is to provide technical and conceptual support to enhance and facilitate research in the field of kidney diseases. The goal of the VOKC is to provide support to understand mechanisms and identify potential therapies for acute and chronic kidney disease. The services provided by the VOKC are meant to help the scientific community to have the right support and tools as well as to select the right animal model, statistical analysis, and clinical study design to perform innovative research and translate discoveries into personalized care to prevent, diagnose, and cure kidney disease. To achieve these goals, the VOKC has in place a program to foster collaborative investigation into critical questions of kidney disease, to personalize diagnosis and treatment of kidney disease, and to disseminate information about kidney disease and the benefits of VOKC services and research. The VOKC is complemented by state-of-the-art cores and an education and outreach program whose goals are to provide an educational platform to enhance the study of kidney disease, to publicize information about services available through the VOKC, and to provide information about kidney disease to patients and other interested members of the community. In this review, we highlight the major services and contributions of the VOKC.  Cisplatin is used to treat many solid cancers, but its dose-limiting side effect is nephrotoxicity, causing acute kidney injury in 30% of patients. Previously, we have developed a mouse model that better recapitulates the cisplatin dosing regimen humans receive and found that repeated dosing of cisplatin induces interstitial renal fibrosis. Chronic kidney disease is progressive and is characterized by chronic inflammation, worsening interstitial fibrosis, development of glomerulosclerosis, and endothelial dysfunction. To determine if damage caused by repeated cisplatin dosing results in bona fide chronic kidney disease, mice were treated with our repeated dosing regimen and then aged for 6 mo. These mice had progressive, chronic inflammation and worsened interstitial fibrosis compared with mice euthanized after day 24. Mice aged for 6 mo developed glomerular pathologies, and endothelial dysfunction was persistent. Mice treated with only two doses of cisplatin had little inflammation or kidney damage. Thus repeated dosing of cisplatin causes long-term effects that are characteristic of chronic kidney disease. This translational mouse model of cisplatin injury may better represent the 70% of patients that do not develop clinical acute kidney injury and can be used to identify both biomarkers for early injury, as well as novel therapeutic targets for the prevention of cisplatin-induced chronic kidney disease. Male Wistar rats were treated with lithium added to their food for 11 weeks followed by a withdrawal period of 4 weeks. Urine flow and osmolality were recorded daily. Renal concentrating ability was evaluated from the maximal urine osmolality recorded by the DDAVP test (5 ng/kg s.c.) and dehydration test (28 h or until 8% loss of body weight) after lithium treatment for 1,3 and 9 weeks, and 1, 2, 3 and 4 weeks after withdrawal of lithium. During lithium treatment, the rats developed massive polyuria with severe impairment of renal concentrating ability. After withdrawal of lithium, urine flow and osmolality and renal concentrating ability were reversed to control levels within 2-3 weeks. There was a highly significant correlation between the results obtained with the two tests for renal concentrating ability. Lithium treatment did not cause irreversible changes of endogenous creatinine clearance or plasma creatinine concentration. It is concluded that the impairment of renal concentrating ability caused by prolonged lithium administration is a reversible condition.In order to study the kinetics of insulin degradation in the kidneys and liver, insulin was labelled by a trapped-label procedure and injected into rats. In contrast to conventional I-insulin, the trapped-label preparation allows quantitative measurements of the extent of degradation in vivo because the final degradation products do not leave the cells. One hour after injection, the amount of radioactivity in the kidneys from a trace dose of trapped-label insulin was 10 times higher than that from conventionally labelled insulin; over 80% of the increase was due to low molecular weight degradation products which were retained in the kidneys. The amount of acid-precipitable radioactivity in the blood was the same for both labelled preparations, indicating that their rates of clearance were similar. In the kidney, we detected no degradation products of molecular weight intermediate between intact insulin and the end products of proteolysis. After 2h, 33% of the injected dose remained in the kidneys and only 13% in the liver. Over 80% of the renal radioactivity was sedimentable in an isotonic density gradient, indicating that intact insulin, as well as degradation products in the cells, were enclosed within membrane-bound vesicles.Hypoxia-inducible factors (HIF) are ubiquitous transcription factors regulated by oxygen-dependent proteolysis, and hence rapidly mount an adaptational response to hypoxia. The HIF system is apparently more complex than initially considered in the perspective of the increasing number of HIF target genes, and the inter-relationship with various additional regulatory pathways. Regional hypoxia is believed to play a major role in renal disease. Experimental data confirm a role for HIF in renal pathophysiology. The discovery of HIF prolyl-hydroxylases as key enzymes of oxygen sensing and HIF proteolysis offer new possibilities to therapeutically target HIF. Herein, we review basic concepts of HIF regulation, and existing data on HIF activation in renal disease. Tubular pathologies are a common feature of kidney disease. Current metrics to assess kidney health, in vivo or in transplant, are generally based on urinary or serum biomarkers and pathological findings from kidney biopsies. Diffusion MRI can be used to measure the distribution of tubule diameters in the kidney cortex ex vivo and may provide a new noninvasive biomarker of tubular pathology. Sensitive and specific biomarkers are needed to detect early kidney injury. The objective of the present work was to develop a sensitive quantitative urinary test to identify renal injury in the rodent to facilitate early assessment of pathophysiological influences and drug toxicity. Two mouse monoclonal antibodies were made against the purified ectodomain of kidney injury molecule-1 (Kim-1), and these were used to construct a sandwich Kim-1 ELISA. The assay range of this ELISA was 50 pg/ml to 5 ng/ml, with inter- and intra-assay variability of 10%. Urine samples were collected from rats treated with one of three doses of cisplatin (2.5, 5, or 7.5 mg/kg). At one day after each of the doses, there was an approximately three- to fivefold increase in the urine Kim-1 ectodomain, whereas other routinely used biomarkers measured in this study [plasma creatinine, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), urinary N-acetyl-β-glucosaminidase (NAG), glycosuria, proteinuria] lacked the sensitivity to show any sign of renal damage at this time point. When rats were subjected to increasing periods (10, 20, 30, or 45 min) of bilateral ischemia, there was an increasing amount of urinary Kim-1 detected. After only 10 min of bilateral ischemia, Kim-1 levels on day 1 were 10-fold higher (5 ng/ml) than control levels, whereas plasma creatinine and BUN were not increased and there was no glycosuria, increased proteinuria, or increased urinary NAG levels. Thus urinary Kim-1 levels serve as a noninvasive, rapid, sensitive, reproducible, and potentially high-throughput method to detect early kidney injury in pathophysiological studies and in preclinical drug development studies for risk-benefit profiling of pharmaceutical agents. Atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis (ARAS) is frequently detected in patients with resistant hypertension (RHTN), but the evidence supporting the utility of renal revascularization in these patients is limited. This prospective, observational study investigates the outcomes of renal stenting in patients with RHTN and hemodynamically significant ARAS.Fifty-four patients with RHTN were selected because of angiographic evidence of ARAS 70% and were followed for 4 years after renal stenting. Renal function and echocardiographic variables were assessed at baseline and during follow-up.Blood pressure decreased rapidly after renal stenting and was normalized in 67% of patients at six months, with significant reduction in the number of antihypertensive drugs. Creatinine clearance increased in 39% of patients, decreased in 52%, and remained stable in the remaining 9%, with an average value that had a nonsignificant decrease during follow-up. Urinary albumin excretion did not change throughout the study. After 4 years, left ventricular (LV) wall thickness and concentric geometry decreased significantly and variables of LV diastolic function improved.In patients with RHTN, stenting of hemodynamically significant ARAS decreases blood pressure, preserves renal function in a substantial proportion of patients, and improves LV structure and function, suggesting the opportunity for timely identification of ARAS in these patients.Renal ammonia production was followed in vivo in 7 dogs after the acute administration of acetazolamide. Acetazolamide at various doses decreased average renal ammoniagenesis to 55% of control and decreased ammonium excretion even more, to 18% of control. This discrepancy occurred because diffusion of ammonia into the urine was severely reduced while renal venous release was influenced little. Therefore, inhibition of ammonium excretion in dogs by acetazolamide took place because the drug both diverted ammonia from the urine and inhibited ammoniagenesis. Decreased renal ammoniagenesis could not be explained entirely by a decreased functioning mass, and it was not explicable on the basis of inhibited glutamyl transferase or stimulated glutamine synthetase in vivo or in vitro.Nephronophthisis (NPH) is an orphan recessive kidney disease mostly caused by mutations inand 20 other genes encoding proteins that localize to primary cilia. To date the pathways linking altered primary cilia function to progressive kidney scarring in NPH remain poorly defined and therapeutic options allowing NPH patients to escape end-stage kidney disease are lacking.Distinct proteins mutated in NPH interact with components of the Hippo pathway, an important regulator of cell fate. YAP (Yes-associated protein) overactivation has been shown to induce renal scarring while YAP inhibition showed protective effect in kidney diseases unrelated to NPH. Yet, the therapeutic potential of YAP inhibition in NPH has not been formerly assessed.Here we studied the impact of both genetic and pharmacologic YAP inhibition on the NPH-like phenotype caused by a bi-allelic mutation of , a ciliary kinase interacting with NPHP1. Contrary to non NPH renal disease, our results reveal an unexpected protective role of YAP inmutant kidneys. Indeed, YAP genetic disruption drastically increase kidney disease burden indeficient mice, while pharmacologic inhibition of YAP failed to improve their phenotype.Collectively these results suggest that YAP inhibition is not a valid therapeutic strategy in NPH and suggest that LKB1 and YAP are parallel negative regulators of a yet uncharacterized pathway detrimental for kidney health.Glomerulonephritis (GN) is a common cause of end stage renal disease (ESRD), just behind diabetes and hypertension. Primary glomerular diseases may recur after transplant, or in some instances may present de novo. At times is difficult to differentiate between recurrence and de novo, due to misdiagnosis of the primary cause of ESRD and lack of tissue diagnosis prior to transplantation. All GNs can recur after transplantation, incidence and impact on allograft survival depends on the primary disease and immunosuppression being used. Close monitoring of patients with known GN is key, since early diagnosis and rapid intervention are crucial for allograft survival. Sarah Brand discusses the 2022 finalists for the Renal Nurse of the Year award There is growing evidence for a role of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) in the repair of damaged endothelium. It remains unclear which cell populations are most useful for clinical trials. Administration of drugs increasing EPC numbers and/or improving functional properties seems attractive. Further basic research is necessary to understand the mechanisms of mobilization, differentiation and homing of EPC in general and in particular under uremic conditions. Nephrologists should search for strategies to ameliorate EPC dysfunction of uremia. In this way it might be possible to test whether improved EPC biology is associated with decreased cardiovascular mortality in uremic humans. In any such studies the difficulties are going to be related to the complex procedures for EPC isolation, the testing of their identity and differentiation and their propagation before use.The prevalence of hypertension or high blood pressure (defined as systolic blood pressure ≥140 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure ≥90 mmHg) worldwide exceeds 30%, with a steep increase in patients 50 years of age. For example, nearly 75% of patients 80 years of age exhibit high blood pressure. Despite considerable evidence demonstrating the benefits of antihypertensive therapy, 50% are controlled. This chapter will discuss the prevalence and detection of high blood pressure, with a special emphasis on the role of hypertension in progressive renal fibrosis. The authors cover classification and epidemiology of blood pressure control; the pitfalls of blood pressure control, including white coat hypertension, pseudohypertension, nocturnal blood pressure, masked hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, and blood pressure variability; hypertensive kidney disease; and clinical studies assessing the renal effects of hypertension, concluding with a discussion of control of blood pressure and CKD progression and future directions in research and therapy.The prevalence of kidney disease is high. Most drugs are excreted by the kidneys and drug dosage adjustments are likely required in renal impairment to avoid accumulation and exposure-related toxicity. Kidney disease affects physiological changes and alterations in the pharmacokinetics and the pharmacodynamics of many drugs. Glomerular filtration rate is considered the best overall index of kidney function. Kidney function can be assessed by using endogenous and exogenous markers such as serum creatinine, inulin, cystatin C, radionuclide-labeled, estimated equations for creatinine clearance such as Cockcroft-Gault, and estimated equations for GFR such as the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease study equation, and the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration Epidemiology study equation. Applying good prescribing practice is important for limiting drug toxicities and improving patient care.Unique experimental advantages, such as its embryonic/larval transparency, high-throughput nature, and ease of genetic modification, underpin the rapid emergence of the zebrafish ( Danio rerio) as a preeminent model in biomedical research. Particularly in the field of nephrology, the zebrafish provides a promising model for studying the physiological implications of human solute transport processes along consecutive nephron segments. However, although the zebrafish might be considered a valuable model for numerous renal ion transport diseases and functional studies of many channels and transporters, not all human renal electrolyte transport mechanisms and human diseases can be modeled in the zebrafish. With this review, we explore the ontogeny of zebrafish renal ion transport, its nephron structure and function, and thereby demonstrate the clinical translational value of this model. By critical assessment of genomic and amino acid conservation of human proteins involved in renal ion handling (channels, transporters, and claudins), kidney and nephron segment conservation, and renal electrolyte transport physiology in the zebrafish, we provide researchers and nephrologists with an indication of the possibilities and considerations of the zebrafish as a model for human renal ion transport. Combined with advanced techniques envisioned for the future, implementation of the zebrafish might expand beyond unraveling pathophysiological mechanisms that underlie distinct genetic or environmentally, i.e., pharmacological and lifestyle, induced renal transport deficits. Specifically, the ease of drug administration and the exploitation of improved genetic approaches might argue for the adoption of the zebrafish as a model for preclinical personalized medicine for distinct renal diseases and renal electrolyte transport proteins.Background and Aim: Cinacalcet effectively reduces calcium in patients with persistent hyperparathyroidism (HPT) after kidney transplantation. We aimed to assess the association of cinacalcet with a decrease in renal function based on a meta-analysis of observational studies in kidney transplant patients with persistent HPT.Meta-analysis of observational studies, no randomized controlled studies were available. We calculated the mean difference between renal function before cinacalcet and at 3 months on cinacalcet treatment for each study. Pooled analyses are based on random effects models.Pooling the studies on kidney transplant patients with persistent HPT (8 studies, n = 115), we found a significant reduction in renal function (p = 0.008). The effect size was 5 µmol/l (p0.0001) when pooling the 7 studies where serum creatinine levels were reported. Meta-regression analysis revealed that there was an association between renal function and the amount of calcium reduction under treatment with cinacalcet. A higher delta change in serum calcium levels was associated with a decrease in renal function at 3 months of cinacalcet treatment.Cinacalcet treatment was associated with a decline of renal function in kidney transplant recipients with persistent HPT. Our meta-analysis underscores the need for frequent monitoring of creatinine and calcium levels during cinacalcet treatment.We have examined the effects of endothelin (ET) on the renal microcirculation by in vivo microscopy using the model of the split hydronephrotic rat kidney. ET, a potent vasoconstrictor peptide synthesized by vascular endothehal cells, showed marked and long-lasting effects on glomerular blood flow and vessel diameters in various segments of the renal vascular bed. Intravenously applied ET (100 ng/min/kg) increased systemic blood pressure from 123 ± 7 to 156 ± 4 mm Hg, decreased glomerular blood flow by 70%, and preferentially constricted larger preglomerular vessels, e.g. the arcuate artery. The competitive leukotriene antagonist FPL55712 significantly attenuated the vascoconstrictor response of the larger vessels. Local ET adminstration decreased glomerular blood flow in a dose-dependent manner (50% reduction at a concentration of 2.6 ± 0.7 · 10M) and constricted smaller vessel segments, e.g. the afferent and efferent arterioles near the glomerulus. The constriction induced by ET was not significantly affected by the C channel blocker nitrendipine (2.8 · 10 to 1.1 · 10M). We conclude that intravenous ET effects are probably mediated by leukotrienes, inducing constriction of larger renal vessels. Locally administered ET acts directly on the renal vasculature, especially on smaller vessels.To elucidate the role of the glomerular filtration barrier in the development of nephrotoxic acute renal failure, we produced acute renal failure in rats with either gentamicin or tobramycin. Both drugs evoked changes in the glomerular capillary endothelium. Gentamicin administration resulted in a dose-related decrease in the diameter, density and area of endothelial fenestrae, which was considerably more pronounced than those observed with tobramycin. Prolonged, high-dose gentamicin administration caused a decrease in creatinine clearance, an increase in plasma renin activity and a corresponding decrease in the area available for filtration. These changes reverted with continued drug administration. These results support the notion that morphological alterations in the filtration barrier are responsible for the decrease in filtration observed in acute renal failure. The changes may be at least in part mediated by the renin-angiotensin system.Electromagnetic flow probes were chronically implanted around the left renal artery in 6 female beagle dogs. 3–10 months after implantation, renal cortex norepinephrine contents of right and left kidneys were compared (liquid chromatography). In 4 out of the 6 dogs investigated 3–6 months after implantation, the norepinephrine content of the left kidney was reduced by 27–72%. In 2 dogs investigated 7 and 10 months after implantation, the difference between left and right kidney was not significant. These findings should be taken into consideration when interpreting results from chronically instrumented kidneys.Many agents, which are crucial for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes, are associated with nephrotoxicity and acute kidney injury. The nephrotoxicity often becomes the limiting factor for use of these agents, and, in some cases, there are no alternative agents. This chapter reviews the common classes of agents that are associated with nephrotoxicity (contrast, intravenous immunoglobulin, aminoglycosides, vancomycin, amphotericin, and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs). The mechanisms of nephrotoxicity from these agents as well various patient risk factors associated with nephrotoxicity are examined, and potential strategies to try to prevent acute kidney injury are reviewed. There are many therapeutic agents that cause renal toxicity that often become the limiting factor in the agent’s use. Often, there are no alternative agents available, so recognition of the risk factors for nephrotoxicity and incorporation of preventative measures are critical.Chemotherapeutic agents have toxicities that extend beyond their therapeutic effect on malignant cells, and the kidneys are involved in the metabolism of these agents. Kidney toxicity delay the elimination of anticancer drugs from the body and increase the risk of systemic toxicity. Conventional chemotherapeutics generally cause direct renal tubular injury and electrolyte wasting syndromes. Newer cancer treatments include targeted therapy and immunotherapy. Targeted therapy, especially the drugs that target vascular endothelial growth factor, disrupt the crosstalk between podocytes and endothelial cells of the glomerulus resulting in a spectrum of glomerular diseases. On the other hand, immune checkpoint inhibitors release the break on the immune system and can cause immune-mediated tubulointerstitial nephritis and glomerulonephritis similar to autoimmune diseases. This chapter summarizes nephrotoxicity profiles of some of the common conventional chemotherapeutics as well as newer anticancer agents.Carbonic anhydrase (CAII) binds to the electrogenic basolateral Na-[Formula: see text] cotransporter (NBCe1) and facilitates [Formula: see text] reabsorption across the proximal tubule. However, whether the inhibition of CAII with acetazolamide (ACTZ) alters NBCe1 activity and interferes with the ammoniagenesis pathway remains elusive. To address this issue, we compared the renal adaptation of rats treated with ACTZ to NHCl loading for up to 2 wk. The results indicated that ACTZ-treated rats exhibited a sustained metabolic acidosis for up to 2 wk, whereas in NHCl-loaded rats, metabolic acidosis was corrected within 2 wk of treatment. [Formula: see text] excretion increased by 10-fold in NHCl-loaded rats but only slightly (1.7-fold) in ACTZ-treated rats during the first week despite a similar degree of acidosis. Immunoblot experiments showed that the protein abundance of glutaminase (4-fold), glutamate dehydrogenase (6-fold), and SN1 (8-fold) increased significantly in NHCl-loaded rats but remained unchanged in ACTZ-treated rats. Naexchanger 3 and NBCe1 proteins were upregulated in response to NHCl loading but not ACTZ treatment and were rather sharply downregulated after 2 wk of ACTZ treatment. ACTZ causes renal [Formula: see text] wasting and induces metabolic acidosis but inhibits the upregulation of glutamine transporter and ammoniagenic enzymes and thus suppresses ammonia synthesis and secretion in the proximal tubule, which prevented the correction of acidosis. This effect is likely mediated through the inhibition of the CA-NBCe1 metabolon complex, which results in cell alkalinization. During chronic ACTZ treatment, the downregulation of both NBCe1 and Naexchanger 3, along with the inhibition of ammoniagenesis and [Formula: see text] generation, contributes to the maintenance of metabolic acidosis.Renal responses to the infusion of bradykinin during the simultaneous administration of indomethacin were similar to those obtained before prostaglandin synthesis inhibition, except that sodium excretion was significantly augmented. These results indicate that renal prostaglandins do not mediate the vasodilator actions of bradykinin.An extensive number of animal and clinical studies indicate that transforming growth factors-β (TGF-βs) play an important role in inflammatory and fibrotic diseases, including renal fibrosis. Recent mouse models harboring genetically engineered alterations in TGF-β pathways reveal complicated mechanisms of regulation of TGF-β activity in vivo. The purpose of this review is to present recent advances relevant to our understanding of the TGF-β-signaling system in renal physiology and pathophysiology.The mechanisms of the abnormal renal tubular handling of sodium and water in hypothyroidism are still unexplained. Since prostaglandins (PG) have been shown to diminish the tubular reabsorption of both sodium and water, this study was undertaken to examine the possibility that the tubular abnormalities observed in hypothyroidism are prostaglandin mediated. Renal clearance studies were performed in rats before and after administration of two prostaglandin synthetase inhibitors. There was no significant difference in the PG-inhibitor induced absolute and percentage decrease of sodium and fluid excretion between the normal and hypothyroid rats during mild volume expansion. This indicates that prostaglandins are not responsible for the increased fractional sodium and water excretion in hypothyroid animals. Transjugular renal biopsy (TJRB) is still a novel technique of renal tissue sampling exploiting the transjugular route. TJRB should be performed particularly in situations when the percutaneous route is precluded, i.e. especially in patients with clotting disorders. In the past, only a few papers reported the experience with larger numbers of patients. The goal of this paper is to analyze our experience with TJRB. Methods and Results: From 1993 to 1999, 67 patients, mean age 49.8 years (SD ± 10.2), male/female ratio 40/27, underwent TJRB. Fifty-two patients (78%) suffered from renal insufficiency and 19 of them (28%) were on dialysis treatment at the time of TJRB. Arterial hypertension was recorded in 42%. The combined kidney and liver biopsy (46%) and clotting disorders (39%) were the most frequent indications for performing TJRB. Renal tissue was yielded in 53 patients (79%) but a sample sufficient for histological diagnosis was taken in 49 (73%), reaching on average 10.8 glomeruli. Altogether 19 different histological entities were disclosed and out of them, vascular nephrosclerosis (12%), necrotizing and crescentic glomerulonephritis, IgA nephropathy (IgAN) and amyloidosis (three latter per 10%) represented the most frequent diagnoses. TJRB was combined with liver biopsy in 31 patients (46%) and/or hepatic vein catheterization in 22 patients (33%) confirming portal hypertension in 8. The clinically significant liver histology was found in 20 patients, of them cirrhosis/fibrosis in 8, chronic hepatitis in 4 and steatosis in 5. Among those 20 patients, IgAN was disclosed as the most common renal diagnosis (6). Clinically symptomatic complications were recorded in 12 cases (18%) but 9 of them suffered from clotting disorders. Complications included development of subcapsular hematoma in 6 cases, macroscopic hematuria in 4 cases, and hypovolemic hemorrhagic shock in 2. One patient had to undergo surgical treatment. Dividing the patients into a subgroup with or without clotting disorders, the complication rate was 34 vs. 7%.TJRB is a new diagnostic method, which, looking at its indications, facilitates the diagnosis of glomerulopathies in patients who could not be considered for percutaneous renal biopsy, particularly due to clotting disorders. The technical aspect of this procedure plays a fundamental role in the final risk/benefit ratio but if done correctly it involves acceptable risk and is well tolerated.Acute kidney injury (AKI) is defined as a sudden or abrupt decrease in glomerular filtration rate. Preventing AKI requires an understanding of the pathophysiology of AKI and accurately identifying those at risk to enable close monitoring of high-risk patients, timely institution of preventative therapy, and early diagnosis and treatment to prevent complications. The risk of AKI depends on the extent and nature of injury as well as unique patient susceptibility factors. While promising, the utility of biomarkers to improve resource utilization or clinical outcomes remains to be proven. Preventive measures for AKI, including optimization of volume status and avoiding nephrotoxins, are recommended for all patients. The routine use of dopamine, natriuretic peptides, statins, or growth factors is not recommended. There is no role for prophylactic dialysis, and the optimal timing for initiation of renal replacement therapy remains controversial. Extracellular vesicle (EV)-based regenerative therapy has shown promising results in preclinical models of renal disease and might be useful for patients with several forms of chronic kidney disease. However, individuals with chronic kidney disease often present with comorbidities, including obesity, hypertension, diabetes, or even metabolic syndrome, which may alter the endogenous characteristics and impair the reparative capacity of stem cells and their daughter EVs. This brief review summarizes evidence of alterations in the morphology, cargo, and function of mesenchymal stem cells and mesenchymal stem cell-derived EVs in the face of cardiovascular disease. We further discuss the important ramifications for their use in patients with kidney disease. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) is inversely and thus paradoxically related to dietary NaCl intake in rats and patients with early type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM). Enhanced sensitivity of proximal reabsorption to NaCl diet inducing secondary adaptations in GFR through actions of tubuloglomerular feedback causes this salt paradox. We studied the role of renal nerves for the salt paradox in rats with streptozotocin (STZ)-induced DM since a regulatory influence of renal nerves on proximal reabsorption is well established. The left kidney (LK) was denervated before induction of STZ-DM. Subsequently, the normal diet was continued or a low NaCl diet was initiated and 1 week later animals were prepared for clearance experiments under anesthesia including ureter catheterization to measure GFR for each kidney. In diabetic rats, the right innervated as well as the left denervated kidney showed higher values for GFR and kidney weight in animals on a low versus a normal NaCl diet indicating that the salt paradox occurs independent of renal innervation. In addition, evidence is provided that the renal nerves of non-diabetic rats do not contribute to renal N retention during dietary NaCl restriction but modulate renal hemodynamics and kidney weight under these conditions.Purpose: Adaptive changes to acute reduction in renal mass after radical nephrectomy can cause Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) more frequently in patients with renal cancer compared to kidney donors. The aim of this study was to compare changes in Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate (eGFR) 1-year after radical nephrectomy for cancer vs kidney donation and to identify risk factors for CKD.In earlier communications [1,2], minor lapses in the healthcare centers are pointed out. In this article, health issues per se pertaining to patients undergoing dialysis are discussed.The kidney is the most frequently injured organ in the urogenital tract with more than 5% of all trauma [1, 2] and 10% of all abdominal trauma [3]. Young men are most commonly affected [4]. The management of renal trauma has shown a trend towards conservative treatment in recent years, even for higher-grade injuries (grade IV and V) [5]. The increased availability and use of interventional radiological procedures for the selective embolization of injured vessels has led to a reduction in open surgical interventions and thus to increased organ preservation [3, 5-7]. Injuries to the kidney vessels, especially the renal artery, are very rare with less than 5% of all abdominal trauma [3].Kallikrein activity in urine and in the renal cortex of the isolated rat kidney, perfused at constant pressure, decreased, while renal perfusate flow, glomerular filtration rate, excretion of sodium and of potassium and urine flow remained unchanged. Abrupt changes in perfusion pressure resulted in corresponding changes in renal perfusate flow, glomerular filtration rate, excretion of sodium and of potassium and urine flow. Urinary kallikrein increased little and transiently only, each time perfusion pressure was elevated. At the end of the experiments, a marked decrease in kallikrein activity in the renal tissue was found. From these results, it might be concluded that the excretion of kallikrein from the isolated perfused rat kidney resulted in a marked depletion of kallikrein stores in the kidney, probably due to an insufficient kallikrein synthesis.The accumulation of hyaluronan (HA) in the renal cortex is a characteristic feature of inflammatory renal diseases. Fragments of HA derived from high molecular weight precursors are known to display inflammatory effects in vitro and could, therefore, participate in immune renal injury. To understand the mechanisms of HA fragmentation in vivo we examined the expression of recently characterized mammalian hyaluronidases in normal and autoimmune kidneys and in cell lines. We found that transcripts for the lysosomal–type hyaluronidases Hyal1 and Hyal2 were constitutively expressed in normal and autoimmune kidneys as well as in tubular epithelial cells and in a macrophage cell line. The expression of hyaluronidase genes in the cell lines did not increase in response to treatment with tumor necrosis factor alpha or gamma interferon. Interestingly, transcripts for the testicular–type hyaluronidase PH–20 (Spam1, Hyal3) were also detected in normal and autoimmune kidneys as well as in tubular cells and macrophages. Transcript levels were higher in kidneys from male mice as compared with age–matched females. Again, transcript levels did not change in vitro in response to cytokines. We conclude that mRNA for three different hyaluronidases is found in murine kidneys. The functional role played by these hyaluronidases in the degradation and metabolism of HA remains to be investigated further.Puberty accelerates microvascular complications of diabetes mellitus, including nephropathy. Animal studies confirm a different renal hypertrophic response to diabetes before and after puberty, probably due to differences in the production of transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β). Many of the complex physiological changes during puberty could affect potentially pathogenic mechanisms of diabetic kidney disease. Increased blood pressure, activation of the growth hormone-insulin-like growth factor I axis, and production of sex steroids could all play a role in pubertal susceptibility to diabetic renal hypertrophy and nephropathy. These factors may influence the effects of hyperglycemia and several systems that ultimately control TGF-β production, including the renin-angiotensin system, cellular redox systems, the polyol pathway, and protein kinase C. These phenomena may also explain gender differences in kidney function and incidence of end-stage renal disease. Normal changes during puberty, when coupled with diabetes and superimposed on a genetically susceptible milieu, are capable of accelerating diabetic hypertrophy and microvascular lesions. A better understanding of these processes may lead to new treatments to prevent renal failure in diabetes mellitus. Nurses working in general practice are well placed to recognize people at risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD), diagnose them and ensure that treatment is initiated promptly. Here Paula D'Souza describes a new initiative which helps general practices optimize treatment of their CKD patients. Historically, radical nephrectomy represented the gold standard for the treatment of small (≤ 4cm) as well as larger renal masses.Recently, for small renal masses, the risk of ensuing chronic kidney disease and end stage renal disease has largely favored nephron-sparing surgical techniques, mainly partial nephrectomy. In this review, we surveyed the literature on renal functional outcomes after partial nephrectomy for renal tumors. The largest randomized control trial comparing radical and partial nephrectomy failed to show a survival benefit for partial nephrectomy. With regards to overall survival, surgically induced chronic kidney disease (GFR60 ml/min/ 1.73m2) caused by nephrectomy might not be as deleterious as medically induced chronic kidney disease. In evaluating patients who underwent donor nephrectomy, transplant literature further validates that surgically induced reductions in GFR may not affect patient survival, unlike medically induced GFR declines.Yet, because patients who present with a renal mass tend to be elderly with multiple comorbidities, many develop a mixed picture of medically, and surgically-induced renal disease after extirpative renal surgery.In this population, we believe that nephron sparing surgery optimizes oncological control while protecting renal function.Supplementary Figures and Supplementary Figure legends. Supplementary Fig. 1.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 810.527 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 2.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 723.478 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 3.- Comparison of mass spectra of kidney cortex tissue sections from normal patient, Supplementary Fig. 4.- Comparison of mass spectra from normal patients which contain both cortex and medulla, Supplementary Fig. 5.- PCA analysis of normal kidney tissues containing both cortex and medulla and the biplot, Supplementary Fig. 6.- The graphical summary from PCA of cortex and medulla tissue for six selected ions, Supplementary Fig. 7.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 887.557 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 8.- Tentative peak assignment for m/z 215.032, Supplementary Fig. 9.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 175.025 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 10.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 885.547 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 11.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 773.532 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 12.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 766.538 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 13.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 1035.772 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 14.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 737.490 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 15.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 464.314, m/z 697.482, and m/z 842.589 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 16.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 306.077 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 17.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 712.485 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 18.- Mass spectrometric profile from normal kidney tissue at mass range from m/z 723 to m/z 728, Supplementary Fig. 19.- PCA analysis of averaged mass spectra of ROchRCC tissues and ccRCCppRCC tissues and the biplot. Supplementary Tables. Supplementary Table 1. m/z values selected by the lasso as important for characterizing normal kidney, RO and RCC, Supplementary Table 2. m/z values selected by the lasso as important for characterizing RO and chRCC, Supplementary Table 3. CL and PE related species selected by the lasso for characterizing RO and chRCC, Supplementary Table 4. m/z values selected by the lasso as important for characterizing three renal cancer subtypes (ccRCC, chRCC, and ppRCC), Supplementary Table 5. The top loading plots of PC1 and PC2 for PCA of cortex and medulla in normal kidney tissue, Supplementary Table 6. The top loading plots of PC1 and PC2 for PCA of ROchRCC vs ppRCCccRCC. Supplementary Data Supplementary Results, Supplementary Methods, Supplementary DSupplementary Figures and Supplementary Figure legends. Supplementary Fig. 1.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 810.527 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 2.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 723.478 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 3.- Comparison of mass spectra of kidney cortex tissue sections from normal patient, Supplementary Fig. 4.- Comparison of mass spectra from normal patients which contain both cortex and medulla, Supplementary Fig. 5.- PCA analysis of normal kidney tissues containing both cortex and medulla and the biplot, Supplementary Fig. 6.- The graphical summary from PCA of cortex and medulla tissue for six selected ions, Supplementary Fig. 7.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 887.557 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 8.- Tentative peak assignment for m/z 215.032, Supplementary Fig. 9.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 175.025 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 10.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 885.547 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 11.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 773.532 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 12.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 766.538 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 13.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 1035.772 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 14.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 737.490 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 15.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 464.314, m/z 697.482, and m/z 842.589 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 16.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 306.077 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 17.- Tandem mass spectrum of m/z 712.485 and the tentative assignment, Supplementary Fig. 18.- Mass spectrometric profile from normal kidney tissue at mass range from m/z 723 to m/z 728, Supplementary Fig. 19.- PCA analysis of averaged mass spectra of ROchRCC tissues and ccRCCppRCC tissues and the biplot. Supplementary Tables. Supplementary Table 1. m/z values selected by the lasso as important for characterizing normal kidney, RO and RCC, Supplementary Table 2. m/z values selected by the lasso as important for characterizing RO and chRCC, Supplementary Table 3. CL and PE related species selected by the lasso for characterizing RO and chRCC, Supplementary Table 4. m/z values selected by the lasso as important for characterizing three renal cancer subtypes (ccRCC, chRCC, and ppRCC), Supplementary Table 5. The top loading plots of PC1 and PC2 for PCA of cortex and medulla in normal kidney tissue, Supplementary Table 6. The top loading plots of PC1 and PC2 for PCA of ROchRCC vs ppRCCccRCC. Supplementary Data Supplementary Results, Supplementary Methods, Supplementary DThe overall production of nitric oxide (NO) is decreased in chronic kidney disease (CKD) which contributes to cardiovascular events and further progression of kidney damage. There are many likely causes of NO deficiency in CKD and the areas surveyed in this review are: 1. Limitations on substrate (l-Arginine) availability, probably due to impaired renal l-Arginine biosynthesis, decreased transport of l-Arginine into endothelial cells and possible competition between NOS and competing metabolic pathways, such as arginase. 2. Increased circulating levels of endogenous NO synthase (NOS) inhibitors, in particular asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA). Increased methylation of proteins and their subsequent breakdown to release free ADMA may contribute but the major culprit is probably reduced ADMA catabolism by the enzymes dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolases. 3. Reduced renal cortex abundance of the neuronal NOS (nNOS)α protein correlates with injury while increasing nNOSβ abundance may provide a compensatory, protective response. Interventions that can restore NO production by targeting these various pathways are likely to reduce the cardiovascular complications of CKD as well as slowing the rate of progression.1. Acute renal failure was produced in rats by the intramuscular injection of glycerol (6.1 mol/l, 10 ml/kg). Either 2 or 4–6 h later the right kidney was isolated and perfused for 1 h with an electrolyte solution containing a gelatin preparation (Haemaccel, 35 g/l) at pressures between 90 and 100 mmHg in a single-pass system.2. In kidneys taken from rats with acute renal failure renal vascular resistance was markedly increased immediately after the start of the perfusion as compared with control kidneys taken from untreated rats. During the following 30 min of perfusion the resistance progressively decreased and, at 1 h of perfusion, was similar to that in control kidneys or only moderately elevated.3. Despite the reduction of renal vascular resistance glomerular filtration rate was still markedly impaired after 1 h of perfusion and fractional reabsorption of sodium and water as well as the secretion of p-aminohippurate were diminished. Renal venous renin concentration and renin release were lower in kidneys taken from rats with acute renal failure than in the control experiments.4. These results suggest that the increase in renal vascular resistance and the stimulation of renin release after injection of glycerol in vivo are the consequence of extra-rather than intra-renal mechanisms. With this article, Helen Jones and Manish Sinha summarize the current knowledge of the prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and of CVD risk factors in paediatric patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). They explain the high cardiovascular morbitity and mortality associated with CVD in CKD and what clinical targets should be used to reduce risk of CVD.  Advanced glycation end product (AGE) accumulation results from hyperglycaemia, oxidative stress, diet and reduced renal excretion. Skin autofluorescence (SAF) is closely correlated with skin AGE levels and the measurement of SAF has been identified as a non-invasive, simple marker of AGE accumulation. Catherine Johnson and Maarten Taal discuss the relevance of SAF to the renal community. Ageing of the kidney is a multi-dimensional process that occurs simultaneously at the molecular, cellular, histological, anatomical and physiological level. Nephron number and renal cortical volume decline, renal tubules become atrophic and glomeruli become sclerotic with age. These structural changes are accompanied by a decline in glomerular filtration rate, decreased sodium reabsorption and potassium excretion, reduced urinary concentrating capacity and alterations in the endocrine activity of the kidney. However, the pace of progression of these changes is not identical in everyone - individuals of the same age and seemingly similar clinical profile often exhibit stark differences in the age-related decline in renal health. Thus, chronological age poorly reflects the time-dependent changes that occur in the kidney. An ideal measure of renal vitality is biological kidney age – a measure of the age-related changes in physiological function. Replacing chronological age with biological age could provide numerous clinical benefits including improved prognostic accuracy in renal transplantation, better stratification of risk and identification of those who are on a fast trajectory to an age-related drop in kidney health.Introduction: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is the progressive loss of kidney function. Prevalence of every stage of CKD is rising over the period with increasing number of diabetic, hypertensive and elderly population. It is becoming a problem of epidemic proportions in India. Objectives: Comparison of the survival function of CKD patients with different disease stages criticality grouped on the basis of gender, diabetes and hypertension. Patients and Methods: The retrospective data of 117 patients suffering from CKD during the period March 2006 to October 2016 is used. In the present study, log-rank, Gehan-Wilcoxon, Tarone-Ware, Peto-Peto, modified Peto-Peto and tests belonging to Fleming-Harrington test family with different (p, q) values are applied to test the statistical significance of the difference between two survival functions under different conditions. The parametric test has also been applied to compare the survival time distribution of two groups. Results: Kaplan-Meier method and survival comparison tests suggest no difference between survival experiences of the two groups namely female and male on the basis of grouping variable gender. However, in simulation study as we increase the sample size it is observed that it affects more women than men especially in stage 3 of CKD patients. The survival functions of two groups of CKD patients based on diabetes and hypertension differ significantly. Conclusion: The survival experiences of two groups of CKD patients based on the grouping variables diabetes and hypertension differ significantly on the basis of real data and simulation study. The grouping variable gender as a significant factor becomes evident only when large samples are generated under simulation studyTissue hypoxia not only occurs under pathological conditions but is also an important microenvironmental factor that is critical for normal embryonic development. Hypoxia-inducible factors HIF-1 and HIF-2 are oxygen-sensitive basic helix-loop-helix transcription factors, which regulate biological processes that facilitate both oxygen delivery and cellular adaptation to oxygen deprivation. HIFs consist of an oxygen-sensitive α-subunit, HIF-α, and a constitutively expressed β-subunit, HIF-β, and regulate the expression of genes that are involved in energy metabolism, angiogenesis, erythropoiesis and iron metabolism, cell proliferation, apoptosis, and other biological processes. Under conditions of normal Po, HIF-α is hydroxylated and targeted for rapid proteasomal degradation by the von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) E3-ubiquitin ligase. When cells experience hypoxia, HIF-α is stabilized and either dimerizes with HIF-β in the nucleus to form transcriptionally active HIF, executing the canonical hypoxia response, or it physically interacts with unrelated proteins, thereby enabling convergence of HIF oxygen sensing with other signaling pathways. In the normal, fully developed kidney, HIF-1α is expressed in most cell types, whereas HIF-2α is mainly found in renal interstitial fibroblast-like cells and endothelial cells. This review summarizes some of the most recent advances in the HIF field and discusses their relevance to renal development, normal kidney function and disease. Kidney disease and diabetes are both complex conditions that cost the NHS millions to treat. Therefore, it is essential to prescribe the right drugs and understand how they work. In the first drug focus, Adrian Coleman and Mee Onn Chai outline the mechanisms of action of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and discuss their use in acute kidney injury using a case study Introduction: Noise is defined as an interfering and unwanted sound. Exposure to noise induces health problems in humans and animals. Cigarette smoke (CS) has also been known to cause serious problems in health hazard and leads to many kinds of diseases. However, the effects of these agents on the kidney are poorly studied. Objectives: The current study purposes to investigate the impact of noise and/or CS on rat’s kidney Materials and Methods: Four groups of six Wistar adult male rats were used. They randomly were divided into four groups of rats. The first group was used as control. The second group was exposed to noise. The third group was exposed to cigarette smoking and the fourth group was exposed to both noise and CS. The experiments were repeated for two weeks (five days per week). Twenty-four hours after last exposure, the animals were killed by sodium pentobarbital overdose. Renal function was evaluated by the determination of blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and creatinine levels. Oxidative stress was estimated by glutathione (GSH) and malondialdehyde (MDA) assays. Results: The concentrations of BUN and creatinine remarkably raised (P ≤ 0.05) in all groups compared to those in control rats. However, elevations of the biochemical tests were more predominant in rats exposed to combined noise and CS. Elevation of MDA was observed in all exposed rats, while it was more pronounced in the animals exposed to the combined noise and CS when compared to control, CS or noise exposure rats alone. The level of GSH decreased in all exposed groups. It was more obvious in rats exposed to the combined noise and CS when compared to those of control and exposure rats to noise or CS separately. Conclusion: Exposure to noise or CS impaired renal function. Generation of oxidative stress at least in part may be responsible for their nephrotoxicity. Our findings demonstrated CS aggravated noise induced impairment of renal function. Page F695: A footnote acknowledged presentation of the Homer Smith Award Lecture by Dr. Eberhard Frömter to be supported by the New York Heart Association. However, since 1983, the Homer Smith Award Lecture has been jointly sponsored by the New York Heart Association and the American Society of Nephrology. In angiotensin II (ANG II)-dependent hypertension, there is an angiotensin type 1 receptor-dependent amplification mechanism enhancing intrarenal angiotensinogen (AGT) formation and secretion in the tubular fluid. To evaluate the role of increased arterial pressure, AGT mRNA, protein expression, and urinary AGT (uAGT) excretion and tissue injury were assessed in both kidneys of two-kidney, one-clip Sprague-Dawley hypertensive rats subjected to left renal arterial clipping (0.25-mm gap). By 18–21 days, systolic arterial pressure increased to 180 ± 3 mmHg, and uAGT increased. Water intake, body weights, 24-h urine volumes, and sodium excretion were similar. In separate measurements of renal function in anesthetized rats, renal plasma flow and glomerular filtration rate were similar in clipped and nonclipped kidneys and not different from those in sham rats, indicating that the perfusion pressure to the clipped kidneys remained within the autoregulatory range. The nonclipped kidneys exhibited increased urine flow and sodium excretion. The uAGT excretion was significantly greater in nonclipped kidneys compared with clipped and sham kidneys. AGT mRNA was 2.15-fold greater in the nonclipped kidneys compared with sham (1.0 ± 0.1) or clipped (0.98 ± 0.15) kidneys. AGT protein levels were also greater in the nonclipped kidneys. The nonclipped kidneys exhibited greater glomerular expansion and immune cell infiltration, medullary fibrosis, and cellular proliferation than the clipped kidneys. Because both kidneys have elevated ANG II levels, the greater tissue injury in the nonclipped kidneys indicates that an increased arterial pressure synergizes with increased intrarenal ANG II to stimulate AGT production and exert greater renal injury. There is an emerging concept in clinical nephrology that acute kidney injury (AKI) can initiate chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, potential mechanisms by which this may occur remain elusive. Hence, this study tested the hypotheses that 1) AKI triggers progressive activation of selected proinflammatory genes, 2) there is a relative failure of compensatory anti-inflammatory gene expression, 3) proinflammatory lipid accumulation occurs, 4) these changes correspond with “gene-activating” histone acetylation, and 5) in concert, progressive renal disease results. CD-1 mice were subjected to 30 min of unilateral renal ischemia. Assessments were made 1 day, 1 wk, or 3 wk later. Results were contrasted to those observed in uninjured contralateral kidneys or in kidneys from normal mice. Progressive renal injury occurred throughout the 3-wk postischemic period, as denoted by stepwise increases in neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin gene induction and ongoing histologic damage. By 3 wk postischemia, progressive renal disease was observed (massive tubular dropout; 2/3rds reduction in renal weight). These changes corresponded with progressive increases in proinflammatory cytokine/chemokine gene expression (MCP-1, TNF-α, TGF-β1), a relative failure of anti-inflammatory enzyme/cytokine (heme oxygenase-1; IL-10) upregulation, and progressive renal lipid (cholesterol/triglyceride) loading. Stepwise increases in collagen III mRNA and collagen deposition (Sirius red staining) indicated a progressive profibrotic response. Postischemic dexamethasone treatment significantly preserved renal mass, indicating functional significance of the observed proinflammatory state. Progressive gene-activating H3 acetylation was observed by ELISA, rising from 5% at baseline to 75% at 3 wk. This was confirmed by chromatin immunoprecipitation assay of target genes. In sum, these results provide experimental support for the clinical concept that AKI can trigger CKD, this is partially mediated by progressive postischemic inflammation, ongoing lipid accumulation results (potentially evoking “lipotoxicity”), and increasing histone acetylation at proinflammatory/profibrotic genes may contribute to this self-sustaining injury-promoting state.  Do the substrates that can be utilized for anaerobic ATP production by cytosolic (G, glycolytic) and/or mitochondrial (M) metabolic pathways support renal function during marked hypoxia? The isolated rat kidney was perfused at 38 degrees C, pH 7.4, at a mean pressure of 120 mmHg for 110 min with a Krebs-Ringer bicarbonate solution containing 6 g/100 ml substrate-free albumin (SFA0). After substrate-free aerobic (PO2 = approximately 646 mmHg) internal control observations were made, the perfusate was gassed with 95% N2/5% CO2 (n = 15) and substrates (each 5 mM) were added (G, glucose, K, alpha-ketoglutarate, A, aspartate), or SFA0 perfusion was continued. Perfusion flow rate (PFR) increased 20-43% during hypoxia; thus there was no limitation in substrate delivery to the kidney. Although GFR decreased during all hypoxic perfusions, due to the variations in GFR, the reductions in GFR were not significant. Fractional Na+ reabsorption (%TNa+) was reduced in the hypoxic kidney but the decreases in %TNa+ in the presence of G or M substrates were significantly smaller (-26 to -36%) than the decreases observed during hypoxic SFA0 perfusion (-44%). Free water clearance decreased markedly during substrate-free hypoxic perfusion; by contrast, addition of G or M substrates either increased or maintained CH2O. G increased hypoxic CH2O (+194% to +440% of internal control) more than did M substrates. It is postulated that the increases in %TNa+ in the presence of substrates during hypoxia results in the increases in GFR. By making substrates available that can be oxidized anaerobically in cytosol or in mitochondria, the kidney can better maintain a portion of its tubular functions during severe hypoxia. Healthy kidneys are continuously exposed to an array of physical forces as they filter the blood: shear stress along the inner lumen of the tubules, distension of the tubular walls in response to changing fluid pressures, and bending moments along both the cilia and microvilli of individual epithelial cells that comprise the tubules. Dysregulation of kidney homeostasis via underlying medical conditions such as hypertension, diabetes, or glomerulonephritis fundamentally elevates the magnitudes of each principle force in the kidney and leads to fibrotic scarring and eventual loss of organ function. The purpose of this review is to summarize the progress made characterizing the response of kidney cells to pathological levels of mechanical stimuli. In particular, we examine important, mechanically responsive signaling cascades and explore fundamental changes in renal cell homeostasis after cyclic strain or fluid shear stress exposure. Elucidating the effects of these disease-related mechanical imbalances on endogenous signaling events in kidney cells presents a unique opportunity to better understand the fibrotic process. Surface proximal convoluted tubules (PCT) in rats were microinfused in situ with [3H]folic acid to study the role of folate binding protein (FBP) in the kidney brush-border membrane for renal conservation and transport of folate [3H]folic acid absorption was linearly related to tubular length of PCT and occurred largely in this segment of the tubule. Unlabeled folate derivatives inhibited [3H]folic acid absorption, the extent of which was dependent on the type of unlabeled folate used and its concentration. At equivalent concentrations, inhibition was most effective with unlabeled folic acid, slightly lower than with 5-methyltetrahydrofolate and least effective with methotrexate. Comparisons between [3H]folic acid absorption before and after infusion of a saturating dose of unlabeled folic acid or repetitive injections of [3H]folic acid into the same tubular site revealed continuous and rapid regeneration of unsaturated folic acid uptake sites with an apparent half-life of 28.75 +/- 8.75 s. Determination of [3H] retained in the tubule at various periods after microinfusion of [3H]folic acid revealed slow cellular disappearance with an apparent half-life of 47.3 +/- 5.4 min. It is proposed that the brush-border FBP functions as a receptor of infused folic acid and that following the binding of the ligand the folic acid/FBP complex undergoes a rapid change that results in the internalization of folic acid and regeneration of unsaturated binding sites at the membrane surface. Internalized folic acid is slowly released into renal capillaries.  Renal insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I expression is enhanced in tissue that remains following removal of kidney mass. To characterize the expression of renal IGF-I after reduction of kidney mass by partial unilateral infarction, we measured levels of IGF-I extracted from noninfarcted (remnant) renal tissue that remained after one-half unilateral kidney infarction that was performed without (1/2NX) or with (1 1/2NX) contralateral nephrectomy. Levels of IGF-I extracted from remnant renal tissue after 1/2NX increased significantly, peaking on day 3 after renal mass reduction, and then returned toward baseline. Steady-state levels of IGF-I mRNA were also elevated on day 3, suggesting that the increase in IGF-I results from enhanced synthesis. A similar pattern of increased extracted IGF-I and elevated IGF-I mRNA occurred after 1 1/2NX. Levels of IGF-I extracted from remnant renal tissue 3 days after 1 1/2NX were not higher than levels extracted from remnant tissue 3 days after 1/2NX, and both were higher than levels of IGF-I extracted from contralateral kidneys 3 days after unilateral nephrectomy. Therefore, levels of IGF-I did not correlate with the extent of reduction of renal mass per se. We conclude that partial renal infarction provides a stimulus to enhance IGF-I expression. Increased renal IGF-I must be considered in the interpretation of findings originating from use of remnant kidney models of chronic renal failure.  Aminotriazole-mediated inhibition of catalase has been used in previous studies as a measure of in vivo changes in the hydrogen peroxide generation. Using this method, we found a significantly higher inhibition of renal catalase activity at various time points (30, 60, and 90 min) in glycerol-treated rats (a well-established model for myoglobinuric acute renal failure) compared with rats treated with aminotriazole alone. The greater inhibition in the glycerol-treated group was not due to differences in aminotriazole levels. We confirmed that catalase inactivation by aminotriazole was due to formation of catalase-hydrogen peroxide intermediate (compound I) because catalase inactivation was prevented by ethanol, a competitive substrate for compound I. There were no significant differences in the aminotriazole-induced inhibition of renal cortical catalase activity in control and uranyl nitrate-treated rats, suggesting that there was no enhanced generation of hydrogen peroxide in this model of acute renal failure. Taken together, these data provide evidence for enhanced generation of hydrogen peroxide in glycerol-induced acute renal failure and suggest that the enhanced generation of hydrogen peroxide in the glycerol-induced acute renal failure is not a result of nonspecific response to tissue injury. Hemopexin (Hpx) is a liver-generated acute phase reactant that binds and neutralizes prooxidant free heme. This study tested whether acute kidney injury (AKI) triggers renal Hpx accumulation, potentially impacting heme Fe-mediated tubular injury. Mice were subjected to glycerol, cisplatin, ischemia-reperfusion (I/R), or endotoxemic [lipopolysaccharide (LPS)] AKI. In each instance, 3- to 30-fold renal cortical and isolated proximal tubule segment (PTS) Hpx increases resulted. Although renal cortex and PTS showed variable Hpx mRNA increases, due, in part, to increased mRNA stability, mRNA levels did not correlate with renal Hpx protein accumulation. Conversely, AKI evoked three- to fourfold increases in hepatic Hpx gene induction, which corresponded with three- to fourfold plasma Hpx increases. Renal immunohistochemistry, and increased urinary Hpx excretion, indicated that circulating Hpx gains tubule luminal/urinary access, followed by proximal tubule endocytic uptake. Paradoxically, in cultured renal cells (HK-2, HEK-293), Fe depletion, and not free heme excess, increased Hpx mRNA. LPS acutely increased HK-2 cell Hpx mRNA. This finding, coupled with observations that LPS evoked ∼30-fold greater renal Hpx mRNA increases than any other AKI model, suggests that inflammation, not heme exposure, activates the renal Hpx gene. Each form of AKI evoked early increases in circulating free heme, which subsequently fell to subnormal levels as plasma Hpx rose. In addition, purified Hpx blunted free Fe-mediated HK-2 cell death. In sum, these data indicated that AKI-associated hepatic stress generates Hpx, which gains renal tubule access. Given its ability to bind free heme and mitigate free Fe toxicity, Hpx loading can potentially confer cytoprotective effects. To examine biomarkers of oxidative stress (oxs), and endothelin (ET)-1, in hypertensive patients with atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis (ARAS) and to evaluate the effect of percutaneous transluminal renal angioplasty (PTRA).Baseline measurements were made immediately before renal angiography in patients with suspected ARAS (significant ARAS, n = 83, and non-RAS, n = 59) and in 20 healthy, matched controls. In patients with ARAS, analyses were repeated 4 weeks after PTRA. All patients were treated with statins and acetylsalicylic acid throughout.At baseline there were no significant differences between groups in biomarkers of oxs, whereas high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and blood leukocytes were significantly elevated in group ARAS versus both healthy controls and group non-RAS. Plasma levels of ET-1 and uric acid were significantly increased in group ARAS versus healthy controls prior to angiography and were significantly reduced compared to baseline 4 weeks after PTRA. PTRA had no significant effects on biomarkers of oxs, inflammation or serum creatinine concentrations.ARAS patients on treatment with antihypertensive agents, acetylsalicylic acid and statins showed elevated inflammatory indices but no increase in oxs. PTRA had no significant effects on inflammatory indices 4 weeks after intervention but reduced plasma ET-1 and uric acid. cAMP is a critical second messenger of numerous endocrine signals affecting water-electrolyte transport in the renal tubule. Exchange protein directly activated by cAMP (Epac) is a relatively recently discovered downstream effector of cAMP, having the same affinity to the second messenger as protein kinase A, the classical cAMP target. Two Epac isoforms, Epac1 and Epac2, are abundantly expressed in the renal epithelium, where they are thought to regulate water and electrolyte transport, particularly in the proximal tubule and collecting duct. Recent characterization of renal phenotype in mice lacking Epac1 and Epac2 revealed a critical role of the Epac signaling cascade in urinary concentration as well as in Na and urea excretion. In this review, we aim to critically summarize current knowledge of Epac relevance for renal function and to discuss the applicability of Epac-based strategies in the regulation of systemic water-electrolyte homeostasis. Renal artery stenosis (RAS), the main cause of chronic renovascular disease (RVD), is associated with significant oxidative stress. Chronic RVD induces renal injury partly by promoting renal microvascular (MV) damage and blunting MV repair in the stenotic kidney. We tested the hypothesis that superoxide anion plays a pivotal role in MV dysfunction, reduction of MV density, and progression of renal injury in the stenotic kidney. RAS was induced in 14 domestic pigs and observed for 6 wk. Seven RAS pigs were chronically treated with the superoxide dismutase mimetic tempol (RAS+T) to reduce oxidative stress. Single-kidney hemodynamics and function were quantified in vivo using multidetector computer tomography (CT) and renal MV density was quantified ex vivo using micro-CT. Expression of angiogenic, inflammatory, and apoptotic factors was measured in renal tissue, and renal apoptosis and fibrosis were quantified in tissue sections. The degree of RAS and blood pressure were similarly increased in RAS and RAS+T. Renal blood flow (RBF) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) were reduced in the stenotic kidney (280.1 ± 36.8 and 34.2 ± 3.1 ml/min, P0.05 vs. control). RAS+T kidneys showed preserved GFR (58.5 ± 6.3 ml/min, P = not significant vs. control) but a similar decreases in RBF (293.6 ± 85.2 ml/min) and further decreases in MV density compared with RAS. These changes were accompanied by blunted angiogenic signaling and increased apoptosis and fibrosis in the stenotic kidney of RAS+T compared with RAS. The current study shows that tempol administration provided limited protection to the stenotic kidney. Despite preserved GFR, renal perfusion was not improved by tempol, and MV density was further reduced compared with untreated RAS, associated with increased renal apoptosis and fibrosis. These results suggest that a tight balance of the renal redox status is necessary for a normal MV repair response to injury, at least at the early stage of RVD, and raise caution regarding antioxidant strategies in RAS. The remnant kidney model is characterized by moderate hypertension, proteinuria, and progressive glomerular scarring, which are ameliorated by a low-protein diet or antihypertensive drugs. The role of renal autoregulation, in determining vulnerability to hypertensive injury was investigated. After right nephrectomy and infarction of two-thirds of the left kidney, rats were fed an isocaloric normal (NP) or low-protein (LP) diet. After 3-4 wk blood pressure was not significantly different between NP and LP rats (171 +/- 8 vs. 155 +/- 6 mmHg), but urinary protein excretion was higher in NP rats (32.3 +/- 7.3 vs. 7.0 +/- 1.2 mg/24 h P less than 0.05). Measurement of renal plasma flow and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) after graded changes in renal perfusion pressure (100-160 mmHg) demonstrated poor autoregulation in NP but not in LP rats. Morphological evidence of severe injury in the form of fibrinoid necrosis and thrombosis of arterioles and glomeruli was largely confined to NP rats and became more severe after 6-8 wk. We conclude that remnant kidney rats fed NP diet autoregulate poorly, which may account for the malignant hypertensive injury to "unprotected" glomeruli, despite only moderate systemic hypertension, and contribute to the progressive nephron loss that is encountered. The root cause for most cases of autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is mutations in the polycystin-1 (PC1) gene. While PC1 has been implicated in a perplexing variety of protein interactions and signaling pathways, what its normal function is and why its disruption leads to the proliferation of renal epithelial cells are unknown. Recent results suggest that PC1 is involved in mechanotransduction by primary cilia measuring the degree of luminal fluid flow. PC1 has also recently been shown to regulate the mTOR and signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT) 6 pathways. These two pathways are normally dormant in the healthy kidney but are activated in response to injury and appear to drive a proliferative repair response. This review develops the idea that a critical function of PC1 and primary cilia in the adult kidney may be to sense renal injury by detecting changes in luminal fluid flow and to trigger proliferation. Constitutive activation of these pathways in ADPKD would lead to the futile attempt to repair a nonexisting injury, resulting in cyst growth. The existence of many known cellular and molecular similarities between renal repair and ADPKD supports this model. Renal functional reserve (RFR), defined as the difference between stress and resting glomerular filtration rate (GFR), may constitute a diagnostic tool to identify patients at higher risk of developing acute kidney injury or chronic kidney disease. Blunted RFR has been demonstrated in early stages of hypertension and has been attributed to impaired vascular reactivity due to an overactive sympathetic nervous system (SNS).The purpose of this study was to investigate whether RFR correlates with other phenotypes expressing overactivity of the SNS in patients with essential hypertension and preserved renal function.Thirty-six patients with untreated essential hypertension and a GFR 60 mL/min/1.73were enrolled. The following parameters were measured: RFR, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure (BP) profile, a treadmill stress test, and an echocardiographic examination. Urine and venous samples were obtained at specific time points for the determination of clinical parameters, and both resting and stress GFR were calculated by using endogenous creatinine clearance for the measurement of RFR after an acute oral protein load (1 g/kg).Twenty-one patients had a RFR 30 mL/min/1.73and 15 had a RFR above this cutoff. A nondipping pattern of 24-h BP was significantly more frequent in patients with low RFR (57.1 vs. 25.0%,0.05 for systolic BP and 52.3 vs. 10.0%,0.02 for diastolic BP). Moreover, patients with lower RFR values showed a blunted heart rate (HR) response to exercise during treadmill test ( = 0.439,0.05). None of the echocardiographic parameters differed between the two groups of patients.In hypertensive patients with preserved GFR, reduced RFR is related to nondipping BP phenotype as well as to attenuated exercise HR response. Overactivity of the SNS may be a common pathway. Since loss of RFR may represent a risk factor for acute or chronic kidney injury, hypertensive patients with blunted RFR might need a more careful renal follow-up. Anti-endothelial cell antibodies (AECA) have been reported to cause endothelial dysfunction, but their clinical importance for tissue-specific endothelial cells is not clear. We hypothesized that AECA reactive with human kidney endothelial cells (HKEC) may cause renal endothelial dysfunction in patients with chronic kidney diseases. We report that a higher fraction (56%) of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients than healthy controls (5%) have AECA reactive against kidney endothelial cells ( P 0.001). The presence of antibodies was associated with female gender ( P0.001), systolic hypertension ( P0.01), and elevated TNF-α ( P0.05). These antibodies markedly decrease expression of both adherens and tight junction proteins VE-cadherin, claudin-1, and zonula occludens-1 and provoked a rapid increase in cytosolic free Caand rearrangement of actin filaments in HKEC compared with controls. This was followed by an enhancement in protein flux and phosphorylation of VE-cadherin, events associated with augmented endothelial cell permeability. Additionally, kidney biopsies from ESRD patients with AECA but not controls demonstrated a marked decrease in adherens and tight junctions in glomerular endothelium, confirming our in vitro data. In summary, our data demonstrate a causal link between AECA and their capacity to induce alterations in glomerular vascular permeability. Reduction of renal blood flow (RBF) is commonly thought to be a causative factor of renal dysfunction in congestive heart failure (CHF), but the exact mechanism of the renal hypoperfusion is not clear. Apart from the activation of neurohormonal systems controlling intrarenal vascular tone, the cause might be altered reactivity of the renal vasculature to endogenous vasoactive agents.To evaluate the role of this mechanism, we assessed by an ultrasonic transient-time flow probe maximum RBF responses to renal artery infusion of angiotensin II (ANG II), norepinephrine (NE) and acetylcholine (Ach) in healthy male rats and animals with compensated and decompensated CHF. CHF was induced by volume overload achieved by the creation of the aorto-caval fistula (ACF) in Hannover Sprague-Dawley rats.Maximum responses in RBF to ANG II were similar in rats studied five weeks (compensated phase) and 20 weeks (decompensated phase) after ACF creation when compared to sham-operated rats. On the other hand, NE elicited larger maximum decreases in RBF in rats with CHF (five and 20 weeks post-ACF) than in sham-operated controls. We observed greater maximum vasodilatory responses to Ach only in rats with a compensated stage of CHF (five weeks post-ACF).Greater renal vasoconstrictor responsiveness to ANG II or reduced renal vasodilatation in response to Ach do not play a decisive role in the development of renal dysfunction in ACF rats with compensated and decompensated CHF. On the other hand, exaggerated renal vascular responsiveness to NE may be here a contributing causative factor, active in either CHF phase. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) will progress to end stage without treatment, but the decline of renal function may not be linear. Compared with glomerular filtration rate and proteinuria, new surrogate markers, such as kidney injury molecule-1, neutrophil gelatinase-associated protein, apolipoprotein A-IV, and soluble urokinase receptor, may allow potential intervention and treatment in the earlier stages of CKD, which could be useful for clinical trials. New omic-based technologies reveal potential new genomic and epigenomic mechanisms that appear different from those causing the initial disease. Various clinical studies also suggest that acute kidney injury is a major risk for progressive CKD. To ameliorate the progression of CKD, the first step is optimizing renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockade. New drugs targeting endothelin, transforming growth factor-β, oxidative stress, and inflammatory- and cell-based regenerative therapy may have add-on benefit. The full text of this preprint has been withdrawn by the authors due to author disagreement with the posting of the preprint. Therefore, the authors do not wish this work to be cited as a reference. Questions should be directed to the corresponding author.Excretory function of one kidney of the rat was reduced acutely by either partial renal arterial occlusion, elevation of ureteral pressure or complete ligation of the renal pedicle. U·V by the opposite kidney increased approximately twofold during partial arterial occlusion or elevated ureteral pressure and this was not associated with increased kidney or superficial nephron glomerular filtration rate (GFR). Absolute proximal reabsorption fell during contralateral arterial constriction, parallel to a drop in GFR. The calculated delivery of filtrate out of proximal tubules rose when natriuresis occurred during the experimental maneuvers and decreased parallel to sodium excretion when obstruction or clamping of the opposite kidney was released. Unilateral ligation of the renal pedicle did not result in changes in nephron filtration rate or proximal tubular reabsorption, although urine flow rate rose, attended by a smaller and nonsignificant natriuresis: in this latter circumstance a distal fall in Na transport may be postulated, while the former experimental maneuvers could have caused an increase in Na excretion by a proximal effect. Thus, contralateral natriuresis during partial unilateral reduction in renal function may be due to different factors, specifically related to the experimental maneuver used to lower GFR.Taking advantage of the particular renal vascular arrangement in cocks, angiotensin II was injected (0.12-0.96 µg/min) into the portal system of one kidney in order to increase the angiotensin II concentration in the physiological nanomolar range at the level of the renal tubules. Angiotensin II induced an increase in blood pressure of 5% and a bilateral rise in glomerular filtration rate and effective renal plasma flow of 28 and 22%, respectively. The urine volume increased five times on the infused side and three times on the control side. The N excretion increased 14 times on the infused side and only seven times on the control side. During angiotensin infusion, the fractional water excretion was 4.9% on the infused side and 2.9% on the control side versus 1.1 and 1.2% during the control period. For the fractional N excretion, the respective values were 2 and 1.2% versus 0.2 and 0.2% during the control period. The differences between the two kidneys demonstrate the direct tubular action of angiotensin II, inhibiting the tubular N and water reabsorption at physiological nanomolar concentrations. Angiotensin seems thus to play an important intrarenal role.Biomarkers have become an important tool in the diagnosis and management of cardio renal syndromes (CRS), a complex condition characterized by dysfunction in both the cardiovascular and renal systems. These biomarkers can help identify the presence and severity of CRS, predict its progression and outcomes, and facilitate personalized treatment options. Several biomarkers, including natriuretic peptides, troponins, and inflammatory markers, have been extensively studied in CRS and have shown promising results in improving diagnosis and prognosis. In addition, emerging biomarkers such as kidney injury molecule-1 and neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin offer potential for early detection and intervention of CRS. However, the use of biomarkers in CRS is still in its infancy, and further research is needed to establish their utility in routine clinical practice. This review highlights the role of biomarkers in the diagnosis, prognosis, and management of CRS and discusses their potential as valuable clinical tools for personalized medicine in the future.BACKGROUND: Hereditary renal cell carcinoma (RCC) is a complex and rapidly evolving topic as there is a growing body of literature regarding inherited syndromes and mutations associated with an increased risk of RCC. OBJECTIVES: We sought to systematically review 13 hereditary syndromes associated with RCC; von Hippel-Lindau Disease associated RCC (VHLRCC), BAP-1 associated clear cell RCC (BAPccRCC), Familial non-von Hippel Lindau clear cell RCC (FccRCC), Tuberous Sclerosis Complex associated RCC (TSCRCC), Birt-Hogg-Dub e ´ Syndrome associated RCC (BHDRCC), PTEN Hamartoma Tumor Syndrome associated RCC (PHTSRCC), Microphthalmia-associated Transcription Family translocation RCC (MiTFtRCC), RCC with Chromosome 6p Amplification (TFEBRCC), Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease associated RCC (ADPKDRCC), Hereditary Leiomyomatosis associated RCC (HLRCC), Succinate Dehydrogenase RCC (SDHRCC), Hereditary Papillary RCC (HPRCC), and ALK-Rearrangement RCC (ALKRCC). RESULTS: Hereditary RCC is generally associated with an early age of onset, multifocal and/or bilateral lesions, and aggressive disease course. VHLRCC, BAPccRCC, FccRCC, and certain mutations resulting in SDHRCC are associated with clear cell RCC (ccRCC). HPRCC is associated with Type 1 papillary RCC. HLRCC is associated with type 2 papillary RCC. BHDRCC is associated with Chromophobe RCC. TSCRCC, PHTSRCC, MiTFtRCC, TFEBRCC, ADPKDRCC, certain SDHRCC and ALKRCC have variable histology. CONCLUSIONS: There has been tremendous advancement in our understanding of the pathophysiology of hereditary RCC. Ongoing research will refine our understanding of hereditary RCC and its therapeutic targets.Introduction: Clinical tools to predict acute kidney injury (AKI) in intensive care unit (ICU) are lacking. Objectives: This prospective study was conducted to assess the utility of furosemide stress test (FST) to predict AKI and its progression to severe stages and requirement of hemodialysis (HD). Patients and methods: Patients in AKI stage I or II were given a standardized dose of frusemide as per protocol. The study cohort included 62 patients. Response to FST was assessed by urine output (UOP) at 2 hours. Study patients were subsequently divided into two groups, those with UOP 200 mL (group A) and those with UOP 200 mL (group B). Results: Group A constituted 71% (n=44) of cases. Of them, 2 (4.54%) patients progressed to AKI Network (AKIN) stage III. Group B constituted 29% of cases (n=18). Of them, 12 (66%) cases progressed to AKIN stage III. In group A, 4.5% (n=2) of cases required HD. In comparison, 55% (n=10) of group B patients required HD during the hospital stay. Mortality rate was 6.8% (n=3) in group A and 33.3% (n=6) in group B. The duration of stay was more in the patients with UOP 200 mL group compared to UOP 200 mL group. Conclusion: FST may be a reliable predictor of AKI progression to severe stages and requirement of dialysis in ICUs.  On 11 February 2016, the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency announced that nivolumab, a new medicine for advanced renal cell carcinoma, will be available via the Early Access to Medicines Scheme. Kim Edmonds discusses the impact of this for patients with kidney cancer. Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) is a serine protease inhibitor that was isolated 20 years ago. First recognized as an inhibitor of intravascular fibrinolysis, it is now evident that PAI-1 is a multifunctional protein with actions that may be dependent on or independent of its protease inhibitory effects. The latter often involve interactions between PAI-1 and vitronectin or the urokinase receptor. The protease-inhibitory actions of PAI-1 extend beyond fibrinolysis and include extracellular matrix turnover and activation of several proenzymes and latent growth factors. PAI-1 has been implicated in several renal pathogenetic processes, including thrombotic microangiopathies and proliferative and/or crescentic glomerulopathies. Most recently, it has become clear that PAI-1 also plays a pivotal role in progressive renal disease, both glomerulosclerosis and tubulointerstitial fibrosis. An active area of present research interest, untold stories are likely to be uncovered soon. Ascorbic acid is known to circulate free in the plasma of several species and is therefore filtered in the kidney; reabsorption subsequently takes place and prevents urinary loss. However, no specific mechanism of renal ascorbic acid transport has previously been presented. In the present study, rat and guinea pig kidney were incubated as slices or as isolated tubules in vitro in the presence of low concentrations of [14C]ascorbic acid. The kidneys of both species handle ascorbic acid similarly. Ascorbic acid accumulates in the renal tissue to a concentration three to four times that present in the bathing media. Recently absorbed ascorbic acid diffuses freely from the kidney and is predominantly nonmetabolized during absorption. Uptake is reduced following replacement of bathing solution sodium by lithium or cesium, or when incubation is performed in the presence of metabolic inhibitors or at low temperatures. The results indicate that ascorbic acid is reabsorbed in the kidney by a sodium-dependent active transport mechanism that operates by concentrating ascorbic acid in the cellular fluid. Renal slices and tubules both appear to transport ascorbic acid and galactose across the brush-border membrane; this indicates that the tubular lumens in these preparations are not collapsed or sealed off. The mini-review presents modern data on the epidemiology, clinical and morphological aspects of kidney damage in COVID-19. Potential mechanisms of kidney involvement in the clinical picture of the disease may include cytokine damage, cross-organ damage, and systemic effects that determine the treatment strategy. These mechanisms are closely interrelated and are especially important for individuals undergoing extracorporeal therapy and kidney transplants. Autopsy data provide evidence of SARS-CoV-2 virus invasion into kidney tissue with damage to tubular epithelial cells and podocytes, and erythrocyte aggregation in persons with severe COVID-19. By including people with chronic kidney disease in planned COVID-19 research protocols, an evidence base for effective and safe treatments can be generated.  Epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) are cytochrome P-450‐dependent antihypertensive and anti-inflammatory derivatives of arachidonic acid, which are highly abundant in the kidney and considered renoprotective. We found that EET administration and/or soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibition significantly attenuates oxidative stress, renal cell death, inflammation, macrophage differentiation, and fibrogenesis following unilateral ureteral obstruction. Our findings provide a mechanistic understanding of how EETs prevent kidney fibrogenesis during obstructive nephropathy and suggest that EET treatment may be a potential therapeutic strategy to treat fibrotic diseases. Renal ammonia excretion is a critical component of acid-base homeostasis, and changes in ammonia excretion are the predominant component of increased net acid excretion in response to metabolic acidosis. We recently reported substantial sex-dependent differences in basal ammonia metabolism that correlate with sex-dependent differences in renal structure and expression of key proteins involved in ammonia metabolism. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the effect of sex on the renal ammonia response to an exogenous acid load. We studied 4-mo-old C57BL/6 mice. Ammonia excretion, which was less in male mice under basal conditions, increased in response to acid loading to a greater extent in male mice, such that maximal ammonia excretion did not differ between the sexes. Fundamental structural sex differences in the nonacid-loaded kidney persisted after acid loading, with less cortical proximal tubule volume density in the female kidney than in the male kidney, whereas collecting duct volume density was greater in the female kidney. To further investigate sex-dependent differences in the response to acid loading, we examined the expression of proteins involved in ammonia metabolism. The change in expression of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and Rh family B glycoprotein with acid loading was greater in male mice than in female mice, whereas Nacotransporter and inner stripe of the outer medulla intercalated cell Rh family C glycoprotein expression were significantly greater in female mice than in male mice. There was no significant sex difference in glutamine synthetase, Naexchanger isoform 3, or electrogenic Na-bicarbonate cotransporter 1 variant A protein expression in response to acid loading. We conclude that substantial sex-dependent differences in the renal ammonia response to acid loading enable a similar maximum ammonia excretion response. Cellular senescence, a permanent arrest of cell proliferation, is characterized by a senescence-associated secretory phenotype (SASP), which reinforces senescence and exerts noxious effects on adjacent cells. Recent studies have suggested that transplanting small numbers of senescent cells suffices to provoke tissue inflammation. We hypothesized that senescent cells can directly augment renal injury. Primary scattered tubular-like cells (STCs) acquired from pig kidneys were irradiated by 10 Gy of cesium radiation, and 3 wk later cells were characterized for levels of senescence and SASP markers. Control or senescent STCs were then prelabeled and injected (5 × 10 cells) into the aorta of C57BL/6J mice. Four weeks later, renal oxygenation was studied in vivo using 16.4-T magnetic resonance imaging and function by plasma creatinine level. Renal markers of SASP, fibrosis, and microvascular density were evaluated ex vivo. Per flow cytometry, irradiation induced senescence in 80–99% of STCs, which showed increased gene expression of senescence and SASP markers, senescence-associated β-galactosidase staining, and cytokine levels (especially IL-6) secreted in conditioned medium. Four weeks after injection, cells were detected engrafted in the mouse kidneys with no evidence for rejection. Plasma creatinine and renal tissue hypoxia increased in senescent compared with control cells. Senescent kidneys were more fibrotic, with fewer CD31 endothelial cells, and showed upregulation of IL-6 gene expression. Therefore, exogenously delivered senescent renal STCs directly injure healthy mouse kidneys. Additional studies are needed to determine the role of endogenous cellular senescence in the pathogenesis of kidney injury and evaluate the utility of senolytic therapy. Hereditary osteo-onchodysplasia syndrome commonly known as nail patella syndrome is an autosomal dominant disorder that manifests with skeletal abnormalities and renal disease. Its incidence is 1 in 50,000 and reported in patients all over world. The renal disease involves glomerular basement membrane (GBM) thickening and rarely proceeds to End stage renal disease (ESRD). It requires histological diagnosis with electron microscopy to differentiate from other disease associated with proteinuria. As no specific treatment is available so management involves early recognition and closefollow up for symptomatic relief of renal as well as skeletal complications. Prevention involves genetic counselling being solely helpful. This case report is of a patient diagnosed with nail patella syndrome with strong family history but rapidly progressed to ESRD and we were not able to proceed for histology.A method was developed to monitor the occurrence of lipid peroxidation (LPO) during ischemia and Na-maleate-induced acute renal failure (ARF) on male rats in vivo by measuring malondialdehyde (MDA) levels in arterial and renal venous blood and in urine. No signs of LPO could be detected under control conditions. In ischemic ARF produced by 45 min of renal artery clamping a steep increase of MDA was found in the renal venous effluent immediately after starting reperfusion. This effect was nearly abolished after 5 min of blood reflow while glomerular filtration remained at 5% of control value during a 90-min postischemic observation period. Intoxication with Na-maleate leads to enhanced LPO in combination with an impaired renal function 2 h after administration. These findings would well explain cellular damage and some aspects of renal dysfunction associated with the initation phase of ARF.In the present study the possible role of endogenous prostaglandins in modulating the renal effects of angiotensin II was investigated in the isolated perfused rat kidney. Angiotensin II (5 ng/ml) caused both an increase in prostaglandin E synthesis and an increase in renal vasular resistance, as well as an increase in perfusate flow rate and glomerular filtration rate. Filtration fraction did not change. Inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis did not influence these effects of angiotensin II. In addition, angiotensin II caused natriuresis and to a lesser degree kaliuresis. These effects were independent of intrarenal hemodynamic effects. Inhibition of renal prostaglandin synthesis did not have any effect on the angiotensin-induced natriuresis. We conclude that the natriuretic effect of angiotensin II is independent of renal prostaglandin synthesis. SARS-CoV-2 infection can cause renal involvement, and severe renal dysfunction is more common among patients with chronic comorbid conditions, especially patients with chronic kidney disease. Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) has been proven to be the major receptor of SARS-CoV-2 in kidneys, suggesting that ACE2-related changes may be involved in renal injury during the infection. In this review, we systematically reviewed the literature to summarize findings on the mechanism of renal injury caused by SARS-COV-2 infection, in order to provide a theoretical basis for renal protection therapy.For patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection, renal injury mainly manifests as increased serum creatinine, variable degrees of proteinuria and hematuria, and radiographic abnormalities of the kidneys. In this review, we summarize the pathogenesis of renal injury deriving from SARS-CoV-2 infection by focusing on its etiology, pathology, and clinical manifestations. The virus causes kidney injury by either direct infection or systemic effects, including host immune clearance and immune tolerance disorders, endothelium-mediated vasculitis, thrombus formation, glucose and lipid metabolism disorder, and hypoxia. Key Messages: Renal injury by SARS-CoV-2 is the result of multiple factors. Via highly expressed ACE2 in renal tissue, SARS-CoV-2 infection fundamentally initiates a mechanism of renal injury. Systemic effects such as host immune clearance and immune tolerance disorders, endothelial cell injury, thrombus formation, glucose and lipid metabolism disorder, and hypoxia aggravate this renal injury. Renal vesicle formation and glomerular development were studied in the 44-day dog fetus with the use of the scanning electron microscope. In the early stages of glomerular development the luminal aspect of the columnar glomerular epithelium shows a cobblestone appearance with sparse microvilli and occasional cilia. Marginal club-shaped processes are the earliest sign of prodocyte process development. These interdigitate with neighboring cell processes and elongate before developing definitve foot processes. Glomerular epithelial differentiation is uneven and multifocal, but once started, proceeds rapidly. The capsular epithelium progresses from cuboidal (in the vesicular stages) to squamous (in the mature glomerulus) with the area adjacent to the proximal convoluted tubule being the last area to differentiate fully.Background: Validity, reliability and clinical value of classical urinary parameters for transplant monitoring are controversial. Urinary parameters were analyzed regarding cost-effectiveness, frequency of urinary tract infection and prediction of renal graft function and rejection. Methods: Urinary parameters of the first two postoperative weeks of 120 renal transplant patients were retrospectively correlated with the postoperative course. Results: Creatinine levels were significantly different on each postoperative day between the groups with and without rejection. Osmolaluria, diuresis and serum creatinine are equivalent in predicting graft rejection. Osmolaluria is not suitable as a distinguishing criterion between graft rejection and other complications. Measurement of glucosuria has no diagnostic value. Proteinuria has no prognostic relevance regarding rejection, although proteinuria 0.5g/l occurred more often in patients with rejection. Despite antibiotic prophylaxis with co-trimoxazole, 41 of 120 patients (34%) suffered from urinary tract infection (UTI; mostly E. coli) within the first 14 days after transplantation. Conclusions: The measurement of some classical urinary parameters delivers no diagnostic gain. UTIs are frequent despite antibiotic prophylaxis, but the use of urine cultures makes sense only if a (cheaper) semiquantitative test is positive. Hyperparathyroidism is a common problem secondary to renal insufficiency and is often not entirely resolved after renal transplantation (TX).In this retrospective analysis, the effects of parathyroidectomy (PTX) on allograft function were evaluated and the risk factors involved in allograft deterioration in patients after PTX will be discussed.The rise in creatinine was steeper 1 year after PTX compared to 2 years before PTX in the majority (13 of 22) of patients. Compared to a cohort without PTX, graft survival was significantly decreased by 60% in 6 years (p0.0001). After multivariate adjustment, risk factors attributed to graft function included baseline creatinine (p = 0.02), baseline systolic blood pressure (p = 0.04) and time between TX and PTX, but not PTX itself. The peri-PTX drop in serum calcium was significantly more accentuated in patients exhibiting a worsening of graft function after PTX (p = 0.04).In patients requiring PTX, graft function is in danger of worsening. Since many factors contribute to this negative correlation and no association with parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels before PTX has been observed, we do not recommend prophylactic PTX on the basis of PTH levels only. However, appropriate management of peri-PTX risk factors is highly important. If the clinical situation, e.g. progressive renal osteodystrophy, requires removal of parathyroid glands, the procedure should be performed, if possible, in the presence of stable graft function. Antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis (AAV) is the leading cause of rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis, which may follow an unfavorable disease course. Despite therapeutic advances, a number of patients with AAV will eventually develop end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Renal transplantation (RTx) is associated with a survival benefit and improves quality of life in patients with ESRD.In recent years, RTx has been increasingly used also in patients with vasculitis. The posttransplant patient- and graft-survival rates in AAV were at least comparable to other diagnoses in most studies. Prior to transplantation, patients should be in stable remission for 12 months. Persistent ANCA positivity does not exclude patients from the waiting list. Even though the recurrence risk is generally low with modern posttransplant immunosuppression, including mycophenolate mofetil and tacrolimus, patients with AAV, particularly those with positive antiproteinase-3 ANCA who may have increased risk of relapse or recurrence of the disease, require constant surveillance. Similar to treatment of relapsing disease in the nontransplant setting, rituximab may become treatment of choice for posttransplant recurrences. Key Messages: RTx is the preferred renal replacement therapy of choice for AAV patients with ESRD. It is recommended that patients should be in remission for about 12 months prior to proceeding with RTx. ANCA positivity alone is not a contraindication for transplantation. The risk of relapse posttransplantation is minimal with currently used posttransplant immunosuppressive regimen.Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are endopeptidases within the metzincin protein family that not only cleave extracellular matrix (ECM) components, but also process the non-ECM molecules, including various growth factors and their binding proteins. MMPs participate in cell to ECM interactions, and MMPs are known to be involved in cell proliferation mechanisms and most probably apoptosis. These proteinases are grouped into six classes: collagenases, gelatinases, stromelysins, matrilysins, membrane type MMPs, and other MMPs. Various mechanisms regulate the activity of MMPs, inhibition by tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases being the most important. In the kidney, intrinsic glomerular cells and tubular epithelial cells synthesize several MMPs. The measurement of circulating MMPs can provide valuable information in patients with kidney diseases. They play an important role in many renal diseases, both acute and chronic. This review attempts to summarize the current knowledge of MMPs in the kidney and discusses recent data from patient and animal studies with reference to specific diseases. A better understanding of the MMPs’ role in renal remodeling may open the way to new interventions favoring deleterious renal changes in a number of kidney diseases.Immediately after unilateral nephrectomy, the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and urinary excretion rate increase in the remaining transplanted rat kidney. In a previous study, we found that GFR in a transplanted kidney was reduced through an activation of the tubuloglomerular feedback control. Excision of the rat’s own remnant kidney then reduced feedback sensitivity and thereby allowed GFR to rise. The present study aimed at investigating whether prostaglandins are involved in this functional adaptation. Clearance and micropuncture experiments were performed before and after administration of indomethacin and after subsequent unilateral nephrectomy. GFR and the urinary excretion rate of electrolytes and water were measured. From proximal tubular stop-flow pressure (P) measurements the feedback characteristics were determined as the maximal stop-flow pressure response (ΔP) to an increase in distal flow and the turning point (TP), i.e. the end proximal flow rate that caused 50% reduction of ΔP. The results showed that following nephrectomy the tubuloglomerular feedback sensitivity was decreased, with an increased TP and reduced ΔP. Pretreatment with indomethacin (2 mg/kg BW) prevented not only the change in feedback sensitivity at nephrectomy but also the rise in GFR. These results suggest that the prostaglandins play a possible role as one link in the chain of adaptive events occurring immediately after nephron loss.Background and AimsDiabetic kidney disease (DKD) is the most common cause of end-stage renal disease, but the decline in kidney function varies considerably between chronic kidney diseases (CKD), and determinants of renal function loss, early in the course of the disease, are still a matter of debate.We retrospectively examined the renal outcome at 31 July 2017 of 309 CKD patients (age 59.1 (50.1-68.6) years; 60% male; eGFR 32.7 (21.7-44.8) mL/min) admitted in our hospital during January 2007-December 2012 with a median follow up time of 7.2 (95%CI, 6.8-7.6) years. Only patients who had at least 3 admissions and who were alive during the study period were included. CKD was defined as the presence of an eGFR 60ml/min/1.73m2 or the presence of albuminuria 30mg/g creatinine for more than 3 months. The primary endpoint was renal survival defined as renal replacement therapy (RRT) initiation. Factors affecting renal survival were evaluated in a Cox proportional hazard model.DKD (24%), glomerular (GN, 24%), tubulo-interstitial (TIN, 27%) and vascular nephropathies (VN, 25%) were the causes of CKD. Patients with DKD (66.8 (56.5-72.2) years) and VN (68.5 (59.7-76.2) years) were older than those with GN (50.3 (37.4-59.0) years) and TIN (55.6 (45.8-61.8) years). Moreover, the highest cardiovascular comorbidity score was found in patients with VN and DKD (0.001). Median eGFR decline was -1.23 ( -3.39 – 0.35) mL/min/year; 29% of the patients had CKD progression of 3mL/min/year and 14% had rapid progression (5mL/min/year). Patients with GN had the lowest eGFR (26.8 (19.1-38.9) versus DKD 36.2 (23.4-47.7), VN 34.9 (22.4-51.0), TIN 32.4 (21.8-44.8) mL/min, 0.001), the fastest eGFR decline (-3.1 versus DKD -1.9, VN -1, TIN -1,2 mL/min/year, p 0.5) and the highest proteinuria (2.7 versus DKD 1.4, VN 0.4, TIN 0.6 g/24h, 0.001). During follow up, 29% of the studied patients started RRT; mean renal survival time for the entire cohort was 7.4 (95%CI, 7.0-7.8) years. CKD cause (versus DKD p=0.04, Figure 1), lower eGFR (HR 0.89 (95%CI, 0.85-0.93)), elevated albuminuria (HR 1.4 (95%CI, 1.2-1.7)), higher total serum cholesterol (HR 1.00 (95%CI, 1.00-1.01)) and elevated mean arterial blood pressure (HR 1.03 (95%CI, 1.00-1.06)) were associated with RRT initiation in the Cox regression model.Patients with DKD and VN had similar poorer renal survival as compared with GN and TIN. Earlier referral to the diabetic renal clinic and intensive management of the modifiable risk factors (albuminuria, hypercholesterolemia, hypertention) are necessary to retard progression of CKD and, subsequently, prolong renal survival.Developmental programming of hypertension, induced by maternal protein restriction, is associated with enhanced urinary excretion of sodium and calcium in the rat. Although calcium and magnesium are reabsorbed via different pathways, renal calcium excretion often parallels magnesium output. Accordingly, the aim of the current study was to assess magnesium handling in rats exposed to a low-protein (LP) diet in utero. Wistar rats were fed a control (18%) or LP (9%) diet throughout pregnancy; offspring were weaned onto standard rat chow and studied at 4 weeks of age. Renal clearance measurements were made in both volume expanded and euvolaemic anaesthetised rats; 24-hour magnesium turnover was also assessed in conscious animals. Plasma and total body magnesium content were measured. Total (UV) and fractional excretion (FE) of magnesium did not differ between control and LP rats under any of the experimental conditions. Neither plasma nor total body magnesium content differed between control and LP rats. Thus the hypercalciuria of LP rats is not mirrored by an increase in renal magnesium excretion. These data suggest that renal magnesium handling is not affected by developmental programming. In animal models, it can be difficult to confirm therapeutic effects due to technical inconsistencies and other reasons. Although renal biopsy is widely used in clinical diagnosis, it is rarely used in animal experimental models, especially in mice, because the problems of surgery-induced renal injury and bleeding have not been solved.We developed an easy-to-use method of renal biopsy in mice and evaluated whether 3 consecutive renal biopsies can be performed in the same kidney in a standardized manner. This method was verified using 2 mouse models, a healthy mouse model and a unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO) mouse model, and evaluated based on renal function and histological changes.There were no perioperative complications in any of the model mice. There was no significant difference in serum Cr, 24-h urine protein, or kidney/body weight ratio between the biopsy and control groups. Each biopsy sample contained sufficient renal tissue. The damage to the operated tissue was limited to the tissue near the biopsy site. Compared with renal tissues in the corresponding control group, the renal tissues obtained from the 3 biopsies (healthy model days 0, 4, and 7 and UUO model days 3, 7, and 10) and the remnant renal tissues after the biopsy showed no significant difference in the glomerular sclerosis index, degree of renal tubular damage, inflammatory response and renal fibrosis in these 2 models.Our new standardized method of renal biopsy in mice is a safe and cost-saving approach that allows repeated renal biopsies and ensures minimal trauma and sufficient sample size to quality in experimental disease models. Renal transplantation is burdened by high cardiovascular risk because of increased prevalence of traditional and disease-specific cardiovascular risk factors and, consequently, patients are affected by greater morbidity and mortality. In renal transplanted patients, healthy lifestyle and physical activity are recommended to improve overall morbidity and cardiovascular outcomes. According to METs (Metabolic Equivalent Task; i.e. the amount of energy consumed while sitting at rest), physical activities are classified as sedentary (3.0 METs), of moderate-(3.0 to 5.9 METs) or vigorous-intensity (≥6.0 METs). Guidelines suggest for patients with chronic kidney disease an amount of physical activity of at least 30 minutes of moderate-intensity activity five times per week (min 450 MET-minutes/week). Data on physical activity in renal transplanted patients, however, are limited and have been mainly obtained by mean of non-objective methods. Available data suggest that physical activity is low either at the start or during renal transplantation and this may be associated with poor patient and graft outcomes. Therefore, in renal transplanted patients more data on physical activity obtained with objective, accelerometer-based methods are needed. In the meanwhile, physical activity have to be considered as an essential part of the medical care for renal transplanted recipients.Apical sodium-dependent transport of inorganic phosphate (Pi) in the proximal tubule plays a crucial role in renal Pi reabsorption and consequently in the maintenance of Pi homeostasis. This transport system represents a main target for acute and long-term regulation such as by parathyroid hormone, by growth factors and dietary intake of phosphate. In this short review we briefly describe the currently established cellular mechanism of proximal tubular Pi reabsorption and its regulation via the apical Na/Pi cotransport system. In a second part we will outline recent progress made with respect to the molecular cloning of renal Na/Pi cotransport systems. Knowledge about the molecular identity of these transport systems will make it possible to resolve yet unanswered questions about the molecular mechanisms involved in the physiology of the regulation of renal Pi reabsorption.Mesangial cell proliferation and matrix accumulation are considered to contribute to the development of glomerulosclerosis. To investigate the pathological role played by mesangial cell damage in progressive renal disease appropriate progressive models initiated by a mesangial cell injury should be developed. Monoclonal antibody (mAb) 1–22–3 (IgG3) recognizes a critical epitope of the Thy–1.1 molecule on the mesangial cell surface, binding of which induces more severe mesangial cell injury than in the case of OX–7, a commercially obtainable anti–Thy–1.1 mAb. The mAb 1–22–3 has enabled us to develop irreversible models of renal damage induced by two consecutive injections, by a single injection into unilaterally nephrectomized rats, or by a single simultaneous injection with another mAb, in addition to the corresponding reversible model. Detailed examinations using the combination of both types of models, all of which are initiated by an immune mechanism directed against the identical epitope on the Thy–1.1 molecule, are expected to provide new insights into mechanisms of irreversible renal injury initiated by mesangial cell damage and also to develop novel and rational therapeutic approaches to progressive, primarily mesangial diseases. This study aimed to explore the causes, incidence and outcome of renal insufficiency during pregnancy.All pregnant women admitted to our hospital from September 2004 to August 2007 were retrospectively screened for renal function. Patients were divided into 3 groups according to the serum creatinine (Scr) level (mild renal insufficiency: Scr 70–123 µmol/l; moderate: Scr 124–220 µmol/l; severe: Scr 221 µmol/l).Seventy-five cases (2.51%) of renal insufficiency were identified. Twenty-two cases (0.73%) had evidence of chronic kidney disease before pregnancy. Compared to the moderate and severe groups, the mild group had the lowest blood pressure. In 29 recorded cases with multiple observations throughout pregnancy, the deterioration of renal function progressed during the course of pregnancy; on average, Scr changed from 177 ± 109 µmol/l in the early phase of pregnancy to 194 ± 149 µmol/l (p0.001) in the third trimester, and mean blood pressure increased from 97 ± 11 to 120 ± 19 mm Hg (p0.001). There were 37 cases with preeclampsia (49%). Fourteen cases showed a decrease in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in the third trimester; 4 of these patients suffered a severe decrease in GFR (over 25%). The rate of obstetrical complications was high among pregnancies with renal impairment.Renal insufficiency associated with pregnancy is not rare, and renal function may deteriorate during the course of pregnancy.Introduction: Kidney transplantation was conducted in Mashhad University of Medical Sciences (MUMS) for more than 20 years. In recent years, about 160 kidney transplantation has been conducted here annually, that consisted of both cadaveric and living donor programs. Objectives: Since transplant outcomes have not been systematically monitored, we try by registration of this group of patients, donors and recipients, to analyze and share kidney transplantation outcomes. Patients and Methods: The kidney transplant registry program in Mashhad, Khorasan Razavi, started in 2016. This registry is a prospective, single center, longitudinal program, designed as a dynamic observational cohort that enrolls all transplant recipients and donors. Demographic data, etiology of chronic kidney disease and patient and graft survival were analyzed. Results: Baseline characteristics, treatment data, patient and donor condition before and after surgery, potential clinical events including hospitalization, co-morbidities and graft failure are all collected. Follow-up visits in recipients have been conducted in 1st, 3rd months and every year after operation. Data quality is ensured by automatic software validation and a manual data review process. Conclusion: By this system, it is easy to adhere to input. Likewise data is adequate for rapid statistical processing.THE AIM:to describe the causes, pathogenesis, clinical course and outcome of Potter sequence in children with cystic kidney disease. PATIENTS AND METHODS:the follow-up study of 23 newborns with cystic kidney disease was studied, in which renal oligohydramnios (ROH) was confirmed prenatally by ultrasound (US). RESULTS:Of the 155 children with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD), 8 (5,2 %) prenatal after 30 weeks of gestation established ROH, at 26-32 weeks of gestation – cyst in the kidney by US, in 2 of them ROH confirmed simultaneously with the detection of cysts in kidneys of a fetus, 6 – late detection of kidney cysts. Of the 8 newborns with a very early onset ADPKD, prenatal developed in ROH conditions, in 2 (25 %) in the neonatal period diagnosed the Potter phenotype. Of the 20 children with autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD), 12 (60 %) prenatally revealed ROH after 18 weeks of gestation prenatally, of these, 8 (67 %) in the neonatal period diagnosed the Potter phenotype. Of the 12 newborns with ARPKD, that developed in ROH conditions, in 5 (42 %) kidney cysts were detected prenatally by US at 32-37 weeks of gestation, in 7 (58 %) in the neonatal period. ROH and the Potter phenotype are more common with ARPKD in the fetus than with ADPKD. Among children with ARPKD and ADPKD undergoing ROH, no statistically significant differences in the frequency of deaths in the neonatal and infancy. The characteristics of course and outcome of the Potter sequence in the neonatal and infant periods in a boy with deletion of 12p and cystic kidney disease are described. ROH in 2 children with cystic kidneys and coloboma of the optic nerve disc did not lead to the formation of the Potter phenotype. In 15 children with multicystic kidney prenatal US showed no ROH. CONCLUSION: the results of a follow-up study of children after ROH and the course of the Potter sequence for different cystic kidney disease in children are presented. The first two articles in this anatomy and physiology series tracked the development of the kidney and the structure and function of the urinary pathway components. This third instalment on the kidney identifies the anatomical associations of the individual kidneys, undertakes a macroscopic journey beyond the layers of tissue around the kidney, and explores the renal infrastructure.  Providing renal patients with written information about their condition can encourage active care participation and promote recovery. Jane Moreland and Elita Phiri discuss the production of an interactive booklet for adults with acute kidney injury at Royal Derby Hospital. Glutamate transporters play important roles in the termination of excitatory neurotransmission and in providing cells with glutamate for metabolic purposes. In the kidney, glutamate transporters are involved in reabsorption of filtered acidic amino acids, regulation of ammonia and bicarbonate production, and protection of cells against osmotic stress.Purpose of ReviewRenal masses in the kidney graft pose an important clinical dilemma, balancing graft function against the need for cancer control.Recent FindingsDonor origin cancers in the renal graft can be classified as ‘donor transmitted’ or ‘donor derived’. The landmark TracerX Renal changed our understanding of renal cell carcinoma oncogenesis, demonstrating that key mutations in childhood lead to clinically apparent tumours in later life. Identified pre-operatively, contemporary evidence suggests that masses excised prior to transplantation result in acceptable oncologic safety and graft function. Identified post-operatively management mirrors that for a mass in a solitary kidney in the non-transplant population, with focus on a nephron-sparing approach.With growing number of kidney transplants each year, ageing donors, and increasing graft survival, masses in the renal graft are likely to become a more prevalent clinical conundrum.Preclinical models of acute kidney injury (AKI) consistently demonstrate that a uremic milieu enhances renal recovery and decreases kidney fibrosis. Similarly, significant decreases in monocyte/macrophage infiltration, complement levels, and other markers of inflammation in the injured kidney are observed across multiple studies and species. In essence, decreased renal clearance has the surprising and counterintuitive effect of being an effective treatment for AKI. In this Perspective, the author suggests a hypothesis describing why the uremic milieu is kidney protective and proposes a clinical trial of ‘permissive azotemia’ to improve renal recovery and long-term renal outcomes in critically ill patients with severe AKI.A special cannula for direct intrarenal artery injections has been prepared from a 19-gauge Intracath®. This cannula (with its stylet) possesses a proper degree of flexibility in spite of its small caliber (o.d. 0.40 mm, i.d. 0.26 mm).The surgical procedure, which involves catheter insertion to one renal artery through the stump of the opposite renal artery, can be accomplished over a short period of time with essentially no blood loss This method affords an opportunity of studying the effect of various drugs directly injected into the isolated kidney in vivo. No changes in plasma renin concentration was observed in the animals after renal artery cannulation. This method enables chronic cannulation of the renal artery. The septic obstructed kidney is a urological emergency and, as such, prompt diagnosis and management are critical in achieving good outcomes. This article highlights the presenting features, radiological investigation and surgical management of this condition, and compares the two methods of surgical decompression.  This article examines whether or not obesity is a risk factor for chronic kidney disease (CKD). Helen Hobbs and Peter Ellis critically review the available evidence that focuses on the relationship between obesity and CKD. They take into account the effects of any comorbidities and the different ways in which obesity is measured, all of which impact on the universality of the findings.  The proximal tubule (PT) is responsible for the majority of calcium reabsorption by the kidney. Most PT calcium transport appears to be passive, although the molecular facilitators have not been well established. Emerging evidence supports a major role for PT calcium transport in idiopathic hypercalciuria and the development of kidney stones. This review will cover recent developments in our understanding of PT calcium transport and the role of the PT in kidney stone formation.  Extracellular vesicles (EVs), including microparticles (MPs) and exosomes (EXOs), are derived from a wide range of mammalian cells including blood platelets, endothelial cells, and kidney cells and can be detected in body fluids including blood and urine. While EVs are well established as diagnostic markers under pathophysiological and stress conditions, there is also mounting evidence of their functional significance as vehicles for communication between cells mediated by the presence of nucleic acids, especially microRNAs (miRs), encapsulated in the EVs. miRs regulate gene expression, are transported both in MPs and EXOs, and exert profound effects in the kidney. Here we review current understanding of the links between EVs and miRs, discuss the importance of miRs in kidney disease, and shed light on the role of EVs in transferring miRs through the circulation among the renal, vascular, and inflammatory cell populations that are functionally important in patients with chronic kidney disease. Cisplatin is a potent chemotherapeutic used for the treatment of many types of cancer. However, its dose-limiting side effect is nephrotoxicity leading to acute kidney injury (AKI). Patients who develop AKI have an increased risk of mortality and are more likely to develop chronic kidney disease (CKD). Unfortunately, there are no therapeutic interventions for the treatment of AKI. It has been suggested that the lack of therapies is due in part to the fact that the established mouse model used to study cisplatin-induced AKI does not recapitulate the cisplatin dosing regimen patients receive. In recent years, work has been done to develop more clinically relevant models of cisplatin-induced kidney injury, with much work focusing on incorporation of multiple low doses of cisplatin administered over a period of weeks. These models can be used to recapitulate the development of CKD after AKI and, by doing so, increase the likelihood of identifying novel therapeutic targets for the treatment of cisplatin-induced kidney injury.Hypertension is a risk factor for the development of end-stage renal disease. The mechanisms underlying hypertensive nephropathy are poorly understood. There is evidence, however, that in hypertension there is an accumulation of partially reduced oxygen and its derivatives, known collectively as reactive oxygen species, which may contribute to progressive renal dysfunction. In the present study, we assess the contribution of oxidative stress in the development of salt-dependent hypertensive nephrosclerosis. Going beyond previous end point studies, which inferred renal function either indirectly or only qualitatively, we have determined oxidative stress concurrently with direct and quantitative measurements of renal function (via inulin and -aminohippuric acid clearances). Moreover, in this time-dependent study, the measurements have been taken under low- as well as high-salt diets. As was expected from previous studies, in the Dahl salt-sensitive rat, a high-salt diet (8% NaCl) resulted in the development of hypertension, in a decreased glomerular filtration rate, and in a decreased renal plasma flow as compared with the normotensive control, the Dahl salt-resistant rat. In addition, however, we found clear evidence for the accumulation of reactive oxygen species in renal tissue homogenates of Dahl salt-sensitive rats on the high-salt diet. Our time-dependent protocol also indicated that renal oxidative stress follows, in time, the development of hypertension. We also found that after 2 weeks of increased salt loading, Dahl salt-sensitive rats excreted less cyclic guanosine monophosphate and NO than Dahl salt-resistant rats on the same diet. It is known that urinary cyclic guanosine monophosphate and NO represent the activity and stable derivatives of renal NO·, respectively, and that they closely correlate with renal vascular resistance. Therefore, our results suggest that, in the Dahl salt-sensitive rat, increased oxidative stress is associated with salt-dependent hypertensive nephrosclerosis and that decreased NO· bioavailability may represent a common factor responsible for the vascular and glomerular dysfunction. Hypertension is one of the main cardiovascular risk factors and has an impact also on long-term kidney graft survival. In addition to their lipid-lowering properties, it was shown that 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors also have a blood pressure lowering effect. We examined whether treatment with a statin interferes with blood pressure regulation and antihypertensive treatment after renal transplantation.74 patients were treated with initially 20 mg of pravastatin daily immediately after kidney transplantation. This group was compared to a matched cohort of 76 patients without statin treatment. All patients received standard immunosuppressive triple therapy with ciclosporin A microemulsion together with an antiproliferative agent and prednisolone. Primary objective of this analysis was systolic and diastolic blood pressure regulation with and without pravastatin. Furthermore, graft function expressed as creatinine clearance and proteinuria, immunosuppressive regimen, and incidence of cardiovascular events and graft loss were recorded for 48 months.The blood pressure regulation was comparable in both groups; however, to achieve this, significantly more antihypertensive drugs had to be used in the statin-treated patients as compared with the controls (2.9 vs. 2.2 agents at 48 months). A slightly higher ciclosporin A exposure of the statin-treated patients could have contributed to this observation. The graft function after 4 years was comparable between the groups (creatinine clearance 56.9 vs. 57.0 ml/min), and a trend of reduced proteinuria could be demonstrated after 4 years of statin treatment (0.4 vs. 0.9 g/day). The low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels decreased as expected during treatment (3.1 vs. 3.7 mmol/l at 48 months), but the recommended target levels for patients with a high cardiovascular risk have not been reached. A trend towards lower incidences of acute rejection, chronic allograft nephropathy, and graft loss was noted in the statin-treated group. Adverse effects of statin treatment have not been observed.Treatment with pravastatin at low to average dosages does not result in improved blood pressure regulation after kidney transplantation. Patients with cancer have impaired kidney function and increased susceptibility to nephrotoxic agents. Cisplatin is a commonly used chemotherapeutic with nephrotoxicity as the dose-limiting side effect. Cisplatin nephrotoxicity is almost exclusively studied in mice without cancer. Our current preclinical models do not adequately represent the complexity of patients with cancer. This study demonstrates increased renal toxicity, injury, and fibrosis in mice with lung cancer, which is exacerbated with cisplatin treatment. These results highlight the necessity of using preclinical models that more accurately capture the altered physiology of patients with cancer treated with cisplatin. Infusion of substance P into the renal artery was previously shown to cause a significant natriuresis which was associated with increased kallikrein excretion. Since the renal kinin and prostaglandin (PG) systems may be interrelated, the present study was performed to investigate the effects of substance P on renal function and its potential interaction with the renal PG system in the conscious rat. 24 female Sprague-Dawley rats were infused intravenously with substance P (1 ng ··body weight) and the body weight was kept constant by an intravenous infusion of 0.45% saline. Substance P had no effects on arterial blood pressure, glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and I-hippuran clearance in the absence or presence of indomethacin (INDO). Basal U V was unaltered by substance P infusion but was suppressed by INDO before and during substance P by 80 and 88%, respectively. Substance P raised urinary flow rate (V) by 105%, C by 96%, UV by 378%, UV by 48% and UV by 147% (p0.001). Although INDO significantly suppressed V, C, and UV during all collection periods, it did not affect absolute UV and UV and the relative rise in V, C, and UV induced by substance P. Thus, the diuretic and natriuretic effects of substance P are not mediated by renal PG, but are partially blunted by INDO through increased distal absorption of sodium and water, INDO has no effect on substance P-induced alterations in proximal tubular function.Background/Aims: Renal ischemia/reperfusion injury (IRI) is a very common clinical event and usually leads to ischemic acute renal failure (ARF). In the present study, we investigated the protective role of vitamin C in renal function and renal arterial relaxation following ischemic injury. Methods: IRI model in mice was used. Various biochemical parameters including nitric oxide (NO), reduced glutathione (GSH), total reactive oxygen species (ROS) level and superoxide dismutase (SOD) were examined. Doppler was used to investigate renal arterial resistance. The isolated renal arterial rings served for hypoxia/reoxygenation analysis. Acetylcholine (ACh) and sodium nitroprusside (SNP)-induced relaxations of isolated renal arterial rings were exerted. Results: Vitamin C supplementation preserved kidney morphology and renal function following IRI. It was shown that pretreatment with vitamin C for mice subjected to IRI significantly elevated renal NO and GSH levels after reperfusion. Meanwhile, vitamin C administration decreased resistance index of renal artery and ameliorated oxidative stress secondary to IRI. The total ROS level in renal artery was decreased whereas the renal arterial SOD expression was increased by vitamin C supplementation following IRI. Pretreatment with vitamin C significantly potentiated the ACh and SNP-induced relaxations in both control and hypoxic renal arterial rings. Conclusion: Vitamin C protects kidney function and renal arterial reactivity against IRI. The protective role of vitamin C is linked to ROS, SOD, GSH and NO levels in renal ischemic injury. To develop a novel strategy for the treatment of kidney disease, we explored potential molecular targets involved in the development of renal ischaemia-reperfusion injury (IRI).The Gene expression profile data of GSE27274, including controls and rats subjected to renal IRI and reperfusion for 24 h (IR24) or 120 h (IR120), was obtained from the Gene Expression Omnibus database. Differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were analysed using the limma package. Gene Ontology (GO) and pathway functional enrichment analyses of common DEGs were carried out. Protein-protein interactions (PPI) and miRNA-DEG network analyses were performed using the STRING database and WebGestalt, respectively, followed by network construction using Cytoscape.In total, 80 common DEGs (41 up- and 39 downregulated genes) between IR24 and IR120 were screened. Genes encoding tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase-1 (), secreted phosphoprotein 1 () and dimethylglycine dehydrogenase () were identified as hub genes in the PPI network and may be significant in the development of renal IRI. Upregulatedwas enriched in the inflammatory response, and downregulatedwas enriched in the catabolic process of the amino acid betaine. In reactome pathway analyses,was enriched in toll-like receptor signalling, andwas enriched in glycine, serine and threonine metabolic pathways. The common DEGs were mainly regulated by 15 miRNA clusters., , , miR-142-5p and miR-181a may be potential targets or biomarkers for the development of renal IRI.Organic anion transporters (OAT1 and OAT3) and multidrug resistance-associated proteins (MRP2 and MRP4) play important roles in anionic drug secretion in renal proximal tubules. Changes in the expression of such transporters are considered to affect the tubular secretion of anionic drugs. The purpose of this study was to elucidate the developmental changes in the expression of OAT1, OAT3, MRP2, and MRP4 and their effects on the tubular secretion of drugs. The mRNA level of each transporter was measured by real-time PCR, and the protein expression was evaluated by Western blotting and immunohistochemical analysis. In addition, the tubular secretion of phenolsulfonphthalein (PSP) in infant (postnatal day 14) and adult rats was estimated based on in vivo clearance study. The protein expression of organic anion transporters were very low at postnatal day 0 and gradually increased with age. In postnatal day 14 rats, the expression of OAT1 and OAT3 seemed to be at almost mature levels, while MRP2 and MRP4 seemed to be at immature levels. Immunohistochemical analysis in the kidney of postnatal day 0 rats revealed OATs on the basolateral membrane and MRPs on the brush-border membrane. At postnatal day 0, the distribution of these transporters was restricted to the inner cortical region, while after postnatal day 14, it was identical to that in adult kidney. An in vivo clearance study revealed that the tubular secretion of PSP was significantly lower in postnatal day 14 rats than adult rats. These results indicate that age-dependent changes in organic anion transporter expression affect the tubular secretion of anionic drugs in pediatric patients.Background/Aims: The PCK rat model of polycystic kidney disease is characterized by the progressive development of renal medullary cysts. Here, we evaluated the suitability of high resolution ultrasonography (HRU) to assess the kidney and cyst volume in PCK rats, testing three different ultrasound image analysis methods, and correlating them with kidneys weights and histological examinations. Methods: After inducing anesthesia, PCK rats (n=18) were subjected to HRU to visualize the kidneys, to perform numeric and volumetric measurements of the kidney and any cysts observed, and to generate 3-dimensional images of the cysts within the kidney parenchyma. Results: HRU provided superior information in comparison to microscopic analysis of stained kidney sections. HRU-based kidney volumes correlated strongly with kidney weights (R P0.0001). Conclusion: HRU represents a useful diagnostic tool for kidney and cyst volume measurements in PCK rats. Sequential HRU examinations may be useful to study the effect of drugs on cyst growth without the need to euthanize experimental animals.The lectures present the current understanding of the renal continuum, reflecting the relationship between acute kidney injury (AKI), acute kidney disease (AKD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). The issue of early diagnosis of AKI remains unresolved, despite numerous studies on biomarkers of acute kidney injury. The epidemiology, clinical and prognostic significance of AKD have not been sufficiently studied. Awareness of both doctors and patients about the «renal continuum» and the possibilities of timely diagnosis and prevention of renal complications is required.Chronic allograft nephropathy remains the leading cause of late allograft failure after renal transplantation. Current immunosuppressive regimens significantly reduce the incidence of acute rejection but do not influence long-term graft survivalObesity is an independent risk factor for development and progression of renal injury. High fructose corn syrup consumption has coincided with the obesity epidemic in the United States. High fructose (60%) diets have been demonstrated to be associated with elevation in BP and worsening insulin resistance along with renal injury via increased hepatic production of uric acid. Recently, DPPIV inhibitors have been shown to improve diabetic changes and sodium excretion, effects that are beyond glycemic control. Therefore, the renal protective benefits of DPPIV inhibition in a clinically relevant Western diet fed mouse model were examined.Mice fed a high fat/high fructose (WD) diet for 16 weeks and given a DPPIV inhibitor MK0626 in their diet were examined for metabolic parameters, inflammation, kidney renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and oxidative stress. Renal injury was assessed by biochemical, immunohistological and electron microscopy techniques.In vitro, angiotensin II (Ang II) effects on OKP-PTCs were assessed for mechanism.MK0626 ameliorated WD-induced increases in serum uric acid, oxidative stress and RAS. WD induced suppression of IL-10 was reversed by MK0626. There was a tendency to improve HOMA-IR by MK0626 but no effect on BP and body weights. Diet induced DPPIV activation in the plasma and kidney of WD mice was abrogated by MK0626 (~80%). WD mice were characterized by increased proteinuria (~3-fold), mesangial expansion and podocyte effacement and these changes were prevented by MK0626. In addition, the PTC endocytosis protein megalin and basilar canalicular network and mitochondrial ultrastructure abnormalities were reversed by MK0626. WD mice had decreased sodium excretion which was improved by MK0626. Ang II directly increased DPPIV activity and sodium hydrogen exchanger activity in PTCs and decreased megalin protein, which was effectively prevented by MK0626.Thus, WD induced increases in DPPIV activity is associated with elevations in uric acid, renal RAS, inflammation and oxidative stress which may result in renal injury. These results suggest that DPPIV inhibitors prevent WD induced renal injury and offer a novel therapy for diabetic and obesity associated renal disease.Vascular dysfunction plays an important role in the etiology of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and is associated with cardiovascular diseases. Sex differences in vascular function are common in clinical and nonclinical populations. However, no data exist in individuals with CKD. The present study tested the hypothesis that sex and/or aging differences exist in vascular function in patients with CKD. Endothelium-dependent dilation (EDD; measured via brachial artery flow-mediated dilation) and endothelium-independent dilation (EID; measured via nitroglycerin-mediated dilation) were assessed. Analyses were adjusted for several variables that could influence vascular function (diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and blood pressure). Women, in general, had higher EDD values than men (6.5 ± 4.9% vs. 4.4 ± 3.4%); however, EID did not differ among these groups. In younger men and women (55 yr old), EDD and EID were higher ( P0.05) than their older (≥55 yr old) counterparts (EDD: 7.0 ± 4.1% vs. 4.4 ± 3.8% and EID: 24.0 ± 9.6% vs. 18.3 ± 9.2%). Additionally, younger women exhibited higher ( P0.05) EDD and EID compared with younger men (EDD: 9.5 ± 6.4% vs. 5.1 ± 3.8%, P = 0.01, and EID: 24.0 ± 9.6% vs. 18.3 ± 9.2%). No differences in EDD and EID were present between older men and women with CKD. Diabetes independently predicted lower EID but not EDD in men and women. Blood pressure and cardiovascular disease did not predict EDD or EID. This is the first study to show significant sex differences in vascular function. Moreover, these differences are evident between younger men and women with CKD but are abolished with age. Additional studies are needed to better understand the mechanisms that may underlie sex differences in vascular dysfunction with CKD. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is an increasing major public health problem worldwide. The sympathetic nervous system and nitric oxide play an important role in the pathogenesis of CKD. Traditional Chinese medicine has accumulated thousands of years of therapeutic experiences. Electroacupuncture (EA) and moxibustion (MO) are two such therapeutic strategies. The aim of this study was to investigate the renal and hemodynamic effects of EA-MO in an experimental model of a CKD. Methods: Male Wistar rats submitted to 5/6th nephrectomy (5/6 NX) were studied for 8 weeks. There were four groups: (1) control, normal rats; (2) NX, 5/6 NX only; (3) NX-AS, 5/6 NX and EA-MO session using sham points, and (4) NX-AM, 5/6 NX and EA-MO session using real acupoints. Biochemical and blood pressure studies, renal sympathetic nerve activity measurements, nitric oxide levels and the histopathological indices were assessed.The EA- and MO-treated group presented significant improvement in all measured functional and histopathological parameters.These findings suggest that EA-MO had beneficial effects on CKD. This effect was probably achieved by the modulation of the renal sympathetic nerve activity and nitric oxide levels, leading to decreased blood pressure, which is associated with less proteinuria.Grb7, a signaling protein whose physiological function is unknown, binds receptor tyrosine kinases important for normal kidney development. By investigating and correlating Grb7 gene expression with that reported for Grb7-binding receptors, we provide clues to Grb7 function(s). RT-PCR and immunoblot were used to demonstrate Grb7 gene and protein expression in the mature kidney. Additional RT-PCR studies detected gene expression in all microdissected adult nephron segments examined, except glomeruli, and in the mouse metanephric kidney from embryonic day 11( E11) through to day 17( E17). In situ hybridization at E14 demonstrated the following cellular pattern of localization: Grb7 mRNA in metanephric epithelia of mesenchymal and ureteric bud origin; no expression in the undifferentiated mesenchyme; and little expression in podocyte-destined cells or primitive glomeruli. Grb7 mRNA was also present in the epithelia of the lung and gut at E14. Thus Grb7 may have a basic function in growth factor signaling in terminally differentiated epithelia along the nephron and in developing epithelia in the kidney, lung, and gut. It is localized in a pattern permissive for a role in Her2 and Ret receptor signaling.Age increases the risk for ischemic acute kidney injury (AKI). We questioned whether a similar age-dependent injury occurs following exposure to hemoglobin, a known nephrotoxin. Old mice (∼16 mo old), but not young mice (∼6 mo old), when administered hemoglobin, exhibited marked elevation in blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and serum creatinine, and acute tubular necrosis with prominent tubular cast formation. The aged kidney exhibited induction of heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) and other genes/proteins that may protect against heme-mediated renal injury, including ferritin, ferroportin, haptoglobin, and hemopexin. Old mice did not evince induction of HO-2 mRNA by hemoglobin, whereas a modest induction of HO-2 mRNA was observed in young mice. To determine the functional significance of HO-2 in heme protein-induced AKI, we administered hemoglobin to relatively young HO-2and HO-2mice: HO-2mice, compared with HO-2mice, exhibited greater renal dysfunction and histologic injury when administered hemoglobin. In addition to failing to elicit a protective system such as HO-2 in response to hemoglobin, old mice exhibited an exaggerated maladaptive response typified by markedly greater induction of the nephrotoxic cytokine IL-6 (130-fold increase vs. 10-fold increase in mRNA in young mice). We conclude that aged mice, unlike relatively younger mice, are exquisitely sensitive to the nephrotoxicity of hemoglobin, an effect attended by a failure to induce HO-2 mRNA and a fulminant upregulation of IL-6. Age thus markedly augments the sensitivity of the kidney to heme proteins, and HO-2 confers resistance to such insults.Treatment of renal ischemia-reperfusion (IR) injury with recombinant human erythropoietin (rhEPO) reduces acute kidney injury and improves function. We aimed to investigate whether progression to chronic kidney disease associated with acute injury was also reduced by rhEPO treatment, using in vivo and in vitro models. Rats were subjected to bilateral 40-min renal ischemia, and kidneys were studied at 4, 7, and 28 days postreperfusion for renal function, tubular injury and repair, inflammation, and fibrosis. Acute injury was modulated using rhEPO (1,000 or 5,000 IU/kg, intraperitoneally) at the time of reperfusion. Renal tubular epithelial cells or fibroblasts in culture were subjected to hypoxia or oxidative stress, with or without rhEPO (200 IU/ml), and fibrogenesis was studied. The results of the in vivo model confirmed functional and structural improvement with rhEPO at 4 days post-IR ( P0.05). At 7 days post-IR, fibrosis and myofibroblast stimulation were increased with IR with and without rhEPO ( P0.01). However, at 28 days post-IR, renal fibrosis and myofibroblast numbers were significantly greater with IR plus rhEPO ( P0.01) compared with IR only. Mechanistically, rhEPO stimulated profibrotic transforming growth factor-β, oxidative stress (marker 8-hydroxy-deoxyguanosine), and phosphorylation of the signal transduction protein extracellular signal-regulated kinase. In vitro, rhEPO protected tubular epithelium from apoptosis but stimulated epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and also protected and activated fibroblasts, particularly with oxidative stress. In summary, although rhEPO was protective of renal function and structure in acute kidney injury, the supraphysiological dose needed for renoprotection contributed to fibrogenesis and stimulated chronic kidney disease in the long term.In vitro experiments demonstrate that P2Xreceptor activation is important for normal afferent arteriolar autoregulatory behavior, but direct in vivo evidence for this relationship occurring in the whole kidney is unavailable. Experiments were performed to test the hypothesis that P2Xreceptors are important for autoregulation of whole kidney blood flow. Renal blood flow (RBF) was measured in anesthetized male Sprague-Dawley rats before and during P2 receptor blockade with PPADS, P2Xreceptor blockade with IP5I, or Areceptor blockade with DPCPX. Both P2Xand Areceptor stimulation with α,β-methylene ATP and CPA, respectively, caused dose-dependent decreases in RBF. Administration of either PPADS or IP5I significantly blocked P2Xreceptor stimulation. Likewise, administration of DPCPX significantly blocked Areceptor activation to CPA. Autoregulatory behavior was assessed by measuring RBF responses to reductions in renal perfusion pressure. In vehicle-infused rats, as pressure was decreased from 120 to 100 mmHg, there was no decrease in RBF. However, in either PPADS- or IP5I-infused rats, each decrease in pressure resulted in a significant decrease in RBF, demonstrating loss of autoregulatory ability. In DPCPX-infused rats, reductions in pressure did not cause significant reductions in RBF over the pressure range of 100–120 mmHg, but the autoregulatory curve tended to be steeper than vehicle-infused rats over the range of 80–100 mmHg, suggesting that Areceptors may influence RBF at lower pressures. These findings are consistent with in vitro data from afferent arterioles and support the hypothesis that P2Xreceptor activation is important for whole kidney autoregulation in vivo.: Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is the most hereditary renal disease that leads to end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Objectives: Since there is no available parameter to assess the clinical course of ADPKD and its outcome, yet, the aim of our study was evaluation of the association of common polymorphisms of eNOS and ACE genes with clinical manifestations (kidney failure and hypertension) in ADPKD. Patients and Methods: Seventy-five ADPKD patients and 100 control subjects participated in our study. Around 7.5 cc of whole blood was taken from each participant and sent to the genetic laboratory. DNA was obtained from them by the phenol chloroform extraction and ethanol precipitation techniques. Then genotyping for I/D polymorphism of ACE gene and Glu298 ASP and T786C polymorphisms of eNOS gene was performed by PCR electrophoresis and molecular evaluation by special primers for two genes. : The frequency of DD polymorphism of ACE gene and TC polymorphism of T786C of eNOS were considerably elevated in ADPKD individuals than control subjects. No significant difference between groups regarding Glu298 ASP polymorphisms of eNOS gene was detected. In ADPKD patients, 29 patients (39%) had hypertension, 5 patients (6.7%) had diabetes and 43 patients (57%) had glomerular filtration rate (GFR) below 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 . The polymorphisms of ACE and eNOS genes were not meaningfully different regarding diabetes, high blood pressure, GFR and plasma creatinine in ADPKD individuals (0.05). : In our study, we could not find any association between polymorphisms of ACE and eNOS genes with renal insufficiency and hypertension in ADPKD patients. One to four weeks after the left renal artery was clipped and the contralateral kidney was left untouched in Sprague-Dawley rats (two-kidney Goldblatt preparation), the clips were removed under ether anesthesia and 10 ml/kg body wt of either 150 mM NaCl (control) or 50% glycerol in water (experimental) were injected intramuscularly. The next day the rats were anesthetized (sodium pentobarbital) and the renal function of both kidneys was measured, after which the renal cortical renin content was measured by incubation of tissue homogenate with angiotensinase-free rat renin substrate. Radioimmunoassay was used to determine the rate of angiotensin I production. Compared with controls, both kidneys of glycerol-injected rats had reduced GFR (left 28, right 18% of controls), increased percentage of fractional water excretion (left 5, right 6 times controls), and increased percentage of fractional Na excretion (left 3, right 4 times controls). Despite large differences in renal renin (left 28, 676, right 1,329 ng angiotensin I/h per mg protein), the extent of renal failure produced by glycerol was equal in the left and right kidneys. These results are inconsistent with the hypothesis that renal renin content is directly related to the severity of glycerol-induced renal failure in rats. In the rat, urinary concentrating ability develops progressively during the third postnatal (P) week and nearly reaches adult level at weaning ( P21) governed by a rise in circulating glucocorticoid. Elevated extracellular osmolality can lead to growth arrest of epithelial cells. We tested the hypothesis that supranormal exposure of rat pups to glucocorticoid before the endogenous surge enhances urinary concentrating ability but inhibits renomedullary cell proliferation. Proliferating-cell nuclear antigen (PCNA)-positive cells shifted from the nephrogenic zone in the first postnatal week to Tamm-Horsfall-positive thick ascending limb (TAL) cells at the corticomedullary junction at P10– 14. Renal PCNA protein abundance was stable in the suckling period and decreased 10-fold after weaning. Renal PCNA protein abundance decreased in response to dexamethasone (DEXA; 100 μg·kg, P8–12). Prolonged administration of DEXA ( P1-P11) reduced selectively the area and thickness of the outer medulla and the number of PCNA-positive cells. DEXA ( P8– 12) increased urinary and papillary osmolality in normohydrated and water-deprived pups and led to osmotic equilibrium between interstitium and urine, whereas apoptotic and GADD153-positive cells increased in the inner medulla. TAL-associated NaCl transporters Na-K-2Cl cotransporter, Na-K-ATPase-α, Na/H exchanger type 3, and ROMK increased significantly at weaning and in response to DEXA. We conclude that a low level of circulating glucocorticoid is permissive for proliferation of Henle's loop and the outer medulla before weaning. A reduced papillary tonicity is a crucial factor for the reduced capacity to concentrate urine during postnatal kidney development. We speculate that supranormal exposure to glucocorticoid in the suckling period can alter kidney medullary structure and function permanently. Alport syndrome (AS) is a hereditary disease of the glomerular basement with hematuria and proteinuria. Podocytes eventually exhibit foot process effacement, indicating actin cytoskeletal changes. To investigate how cytoskeletal changes impact podocytes, we generated Alport mice lacking synaptopodin, an actin-binding protein in foot processes. Analysis showed a more rapid disease progression, demonstrating that synaptopodin is protective. This suggests that the actin cytoskeleton is a target for therapy in AS and perhaps other glomerular diseases. The recent pandemic caused by the Covid19 / SARS-CoV-2 virus cause disease severity by damaging different organs of human body, kidney is one of the most affected organs. This viral infection may target the kidney in addition to the respiratory system. This peculiar condition is the cause of many health hazard but information on renal involvement in COVID-19 is still limited. As, renal involvement causing several renal damages such as glomerulonephritis,acute kidney damage/injury (AKI)several other nephropathies in COVID-19 growing at a rapid pace, so the best way to manage the effect on individuals with chronic renal disease cases can be studied.Duplex kidney is a common congenital malformation appeared as duplication of pelvis and ureter. However, renal duplication within sinus renalis is an extremely rare variation of the renal collecting system. In this study, we report a case of an asymptomatic kidney disease in a 33-year-old man, who demonstrates abnormal echo of renal sinus anomaly discovered incidentally in ultrasound examination. Computed tomography urography (CTU) exhibited the other small duplex kidney located in renal sinus. In the excretory phase images, the contrast medium within its small renal pelvis could be seen to flow into the right major renal calices. This case exhibited a very rare anatomical variation of duplicated renal malformation.Metabolism of very low density lipoprotein-triglyceride (VLDL-TG) was studied in the isolated perfused rat kidney (IPRK). Recirculating perfusate consisted of KrebsHenseleit bicarbonate buffer containing 6% defatted albumin and VLDL-TG which has been labelled in vitro with C-tripalmitin. Results show that the IPRK catabolizes VLDL-TG. Renal removal of VLDL-TG from perfusate was impaired in the presence of 1.0 mM palmitate. A lower palmitate concentration, 0.4 mM, was without effect. It is concluded that high concentrations of circulating free fatty acids impair renal metabolism of fatty acids derived from VLDL-TG.The diagnosis of acute coronary syndromes (ACS) is heavily dependent on cardiac biomarker assays, particularly cardiac troponins. ACS, particularly non-ST segment elevation MI, are more common in patients with acute kidney injury, chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), are associated with worse outcomes than in patients without kidney disease and are often difficult to diagnose and treat. Hence, early accurate diagnosis of ACS in kidney disease patients is important using easily available tools, such as cardiac troponins. However, the diagnostic reliability of cardiac troponins has been suboptimal in patients with kidney disease due to possible decreased clearance of troponin with acute and chronic kidney impairment and low levels of troponin secretion due to concomitant cardiac muscle injury related to left ventricular hypertrophy, inflammation and fibrosis. This article reviews the metabolism and utility of cardiac biomarkers in patients with acute and chronic kidney diseases. Cardiac troponins are small peptides that accumulate in both acute and chronic kidney diseases due to impaired excretion. Hence, troponin concentrations rise and fall with acute kidney injury and its recovery, limiting their use in the diagnosis of ACS. Troponin concentrations are chronically elevated in CKD and ESKD, are associated with poor prognosis and decrease the sensitivity and specificity for diagnosis of ACS. Yet, the evidence indicates that the use of high-sensitivity troponins can confirm or exclude a diagnosis of ACS in the emergency room in a significant proportion of kidney disease patients; those patients in whom the results are equivocal may need longer in-hospital assessment. Aromatase enzyme catalyzes the rate-limiting step in estrogen biosynthesis. Aromatase inhibitors are clinically used for the treatment of patients with breast cancer; however, the impact of inhibiting aromatization on blood pressure and renal function is incompletely understood. The present findings demonstrate that systemic anastrozole treatment increases blood pressure and renal tubular injury markers in female rats fed a high-salt diet, suggesting an important role for aromatization in preserving cardiovascular and renal health in females.  The contribution of the renal nerves in maintaining blood pressure and modulating renal prostanoid synthesis was examined in established (less than 8 wk in duration) one-kidney, one-clip (1K,1C) hypertension in the rat. Systolic blood pressure was measured for 7 days after renal denervation, at which time the renal artery clip was removed. Twenty-four-hour urinary excretion of PGE2 and 6-keto-PGF1 alpha (stable degradation product of PGI2) was determined before and after denervation and unclipping. Compared with sham-denervated rats, denervation (n = 15) resulted in a small but significant fall in blood pressure (from 216 +/- 4 to 182 +/- 4 mmHg after 48 h) and an increase in urinary 6-keto-PGF1 alpha (from 31 +/- 4 to 43 +/- 5 ng/24 h after 24 h). There was no change in PGE2 excretion. Seven days after surgery, blood pressures were similar in denervated (202 +/- 4 mmHg) and sham-denervated (211 +/- 5 mmHg) rats and fell to a similar extent 24 h after unclipping (142 +/- 3 and 147 +/- 4 mmHg, respectively). Urinary 6-keto-PGF1 alpha increased from 25 +/- 5 to 74 +/- 11 in denervated and 21 +/- 2 to 72 +/- 9 ng/24 h in sham-denervated rats in the 24 h after unclipping. PGE2 excretion increased approximately twofold over this period. These findings indicate that the renal nerves have only a minor role in established hypertension in the 1K,1C rat and that the reversal of hypertension and stimulation of renal prostanoid synthesis following unclipping is not dependent on neural mechanisms.  The oligosyndactylism (Os/+) mouse, is a genetic model for oligomeganephronic congenital renal hypoplasia. To define the abnormality in renal development and to determine whether the abnormality is kidney autonomous, we examined kidneys from newborn and 21- and 63-day-old Os/+ and wild-type (+/+) mice, obtained metanephric kidneys from embryonic day 12 (E12) Os/+ and +/+ embryos, and compared growth and development of the metanephroi in vitro. Kidneys from newborn Os/+ mice were smaller than those from newborn +/+ mice and contained fewer glomeruli per midsagittal section. Following birth, kidneys from Os/+ mice manifest compensatory growth of glomeruli and proximal tubules. Metanephroi from E12 Os/+ and +/+ embryos were comparable in size. However, during 4 days in culture, growth and development of metanephroi from Os/+ embryos were visibly reduced compared with metanephroi from +/+ embryos. Expression of B cell leukemia/lymphoma gene 2 (bcl-2), the absence of which is known to result in congenital renal hypoplasia, was detected in the Os/+ mouse kidneys. We conclude that the renal abnormality in Os/+ mice is intrinsic to the kidney and does not result from the absence of bcl-2 expression.  Streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes mellitus is associated with decreased renal clearances of inulin and p-aminohippurate (PAH). The present experiments were designed to determine whether STZ-induced renal hemodynamic changes are due to the drug per se, rather than to the diabetic state that it induces. Isogenic Lewis rats with native right and transplanted left kidneys were studied. In one group, kidney donors received 50 mg STZ/kg body wt on day 1 and transplantation was performed on day 4 (untreated recipients). On day 29, the inulin and PAH clearances of these nondiabetic recipients were, respectively, 0.94 +/- 0.04 and 2.58 +/- 0.11 ml.min-1 x g-1 for the transplanted left kidney (previously exposed to STZ) and 0.95 +/- 0.07 and 2.54 +/- 0.14 ml.min-1 x g-1 for the native right kidney (never exposed to STZ). In another group, recipients received STZ on day 1 and transplantation was performed on day 4 (untreated donors). On day 29, the inulin and PAH clearances of these diabetic recipients were, respectively, 0.62 +/- 0.04 and 1.46 +/- 0.11 ml.min-1 x g-1 for the transplanted left kidney (never exposed to STZ) and 0.61 +/- 0.05 and 1.42 +/- 0.08 ml.min-1 x g-1 for the native right kidney (previously exposed to STZ). We conclude that the diabetic state, rather than STZ, is responsible for the decreased renal clearances of inulin and PAH in this experimental model.  The effects of beta-agonists (epinephrine, isoproterenol, and ITP) and beta-antagonists (propranolol, metoprolol, and butoxamine) on renal potassium excretion were examined using the isolated perfused rat kidney preparation. Following 30 min of control perfusion, one of the above beta-adrenergic agonists or antagonists was added to the perfusion medium. Following epinephrine, a combined beta 1- and beta 2-agonist, urinary potassium excretion (UKV; 0.55 +/- 0.55 vs. 0.36 +/- 0.04 mueq/min, P less than 0.001) and fractional excretion of potassium (FEK; 24.6 +/- 2.4 vs. 18.2 +/- 2.0%, P less than 0.001) both decreased. When isoproterenol, a nonspecific beta-agonist, was added to the perfusate, UKV (0.49 +/- 0.10 vs. 0.27 +/- 0.04 mueq/min, P less than 0.02) and FEK (29.0 +/- 5.2 vs. 16.3 +/- 2.9%, P less than 0.01) again decreased. ITP, a specific beta 1-agonist also caused a decrease in UKV (0.60 +/- 0.13 vs. 0.39 +/- 0.04 mueq/min, P less than 0.02) and FEK (30.2 +/- 5.1 vs. 17.8 +/- 2.8%, P less than 0.02). In contrast, when propranolol, a nonspecific beta-antagonist, was added to the perfusate, the opposite effects on renal potassium handling were observed. UKV (0.45 +/- 0.05 vs. 0.70 +/- 0.07 mueq/min, P less than 0.001) and FEK (23.0 +/- 2.1 vs. 42.5 +/- 3.1%, P less than 0.001) both increased. Metoprolol (50 ng/ml), a specific beta 1-antagonist, increased UKV (0.56 +/- 0.10 vs. 0.68 +/- 0.15 mueq/min, P less than 0.02) and FEK (31.0 +/- 3.8 vs. 48.0 +/- 7.1%, P less than 0.02). A similar effect was observed when a higher dose of metoprolol (200 ng/ml) was employed.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)  The kidney possesses a high concentration of a folate binding protein (FBP) that resides primarily in the brush-border membrane (BBM) of the proximal tubular cells. To assess the possible involvement of this protein in renal conservation of folate we determined the urinary clearance, in rats, of three forms of folates with sharply different affinities for FBP. After single intravenous injections of 0.1 to 1.0-nmol doses of radioactive folates the urinary clearance based on radioisotope determination was in the sequence: folic acid less than 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-CH3 THF) much less than methotrexate. At higher doses the urinary folate clearance was increased and the differences between the three injected forms were narrowed and were no longer noticeable at 100-nmol doses. Under conditions of continuous infusion to attain plasma folate levels of 2.3-5.7 pmol/ml, the urinary clearance based on chromatographic analyses of plasma and urine after correction for plasma folate binding was 0.20 ml/min for folic acid, 0.37 ml/min for 5-CH3 THF, and 1.76 ml/min for methotrexate. These chromatographic analyses have also shown the presence in both plasma and urine of metabolites formed from infused folates. Metabolites found after infusion of folic acid include 5-CH3 THF with a urinary clearance of 0.3 ml/min and an unknown with a urinary clearance of 0.8 ml/min. The latter metabolite appears also to occur in plasma and urine after infusion of 5-CH3 THF. Infusion of methotrexate was associated with the appearance of a metabolite with a urinary clearance of 2.5 ml/min. This sequence of urinary clearance is in inverse order to the affinities of these three forms of folate for the kidney BBM FBP.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)  Age-related renal functional changes may relate to alterations in the responsiveness to vasoconstrictors and vasodilators. Blood pressure and renal responses to angiotensin II (ANG II), endothelin-1 (ET), NG-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME), and to the ANG II receptor antagonist losartan were compared in young (3-mo-old) and older (15-mo-old) male rats. Baseline mean arterial pressure (MAP) values were slightly lower in the older rats, and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and renal plasma flow (RPF) were higher. ANG II and ET induced comparable pressor responses in both groups but produced greater GFR and RPF reductions in the older rats. In contrast, the MAP, GFR, and RPF responses to L-NAME were exaggerated in aging rats. Losartan induced modest MAP reductions in both groups, and comparable renal vasodilatory responses. Thus the aging kidney exhibits exaggerated responses to systemic vasoconstrictor stimuli, whereas responsiveness to ANG II blockade is preserved but not enhanced. Whether or not this balance is further impaired later in the aging process remains to be determined. Lineage factor PAX8 is essential for downstream oncogenic signaling of ccRCC-specific driver mutations.Of the many targeted therapies introduced since 2006, sunitinib has carved its way to become the most commonly used first-line therapy for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (RCC). Despite significant improvements in progression-free survival, 30% of the patients are intrinsically resistant to sunitinib and the remaining 70% who respond initially will eventually become resistant in 6–15 months. While the molecular mechanisms of acquired resistance to sunitinib have been unravelling at a rapid rate, the mechanisms of intrinsic resistance remain elusive. Combination therapy, sunitinib rechallenge and sequential therapy have been investigated as means to overcome resistance to sunitinib. Of these, sequential therapy appears to be the most promising strategy. This mini review summarises our emerging understanding of the molecular mechanisms, and the strategies employed to overcome sunitinib resistance. Experimental myocardial infarction (MI) protects from subsequent ischemic acute kidney injury but worsens chronic kidney injury. Observed protection from ischemic acute kidney injury after MI was accompanied by chronic kidney hypoxia and increased renal abundance of hypoxia-inducible transcripts. These data support the idea that MI confers protection from renal ischemic injury via chronic renal hypoxia and activation of downstream hypoxia-inducible signaling pathways.  In the rabbit kidney accumulation of phenol red in cortex tissue is directly related to phenol red excretion. In histological preparations of rabbit cortex the major part of phenol red is localized to the pars recta of proximal tubules at low plasma concentrations of dye. The extra uptake of dye by the pars recta is abolished by administration of a high dose of probenecid and also by high plasma dye concentrations, when dye secretion is low relative to tubular reabsorption. Tissue accumulation of phenol red in the rat exhibits features similar to those in the rabbit. However, extra dye uptake in the pars recta is maintained after administration of probenecid, and disappears after intravenous injection of phenol red during ureteral occlusion to impede access of dye from tubule fluid to the luminal membrane. It is concluded that in the rabbit phenol red uptake by the pars recta probably is due to tubular secretion across the peritubular membrane, whereas in the rat extra uptake of dye by this segment is consistent with uptake at the luminal cell membrane. Cell proliferation and apoptosis were studied in 8 patients with inherited polycystic kidney disease and in 34 patients with acquired cystic kidney conditions including solitary and multilocular cysts and segmental tubular dilation. Intact renal tissue of 20 surgically removed tumorous kidneys served as control. Cell proliferation and apoptosis were demonstrated by immunohistochemical and in situ end–labeling methods. The percentage of positively stained nuclei was calculated and statistically analyzed. Both apoptosis and cell proliferation were significantly higher (0.001) in polycystic kidney disease. The percentage of positively stained nuclei in the whole kidney tissue with acquired cysts did not differ from controls although cell proliferation was significantly higher (0.001) in cells lining the cysts. Apoptotic cells were rarely found in the cystic epithelium or were even absent in these cases. Our data indicate that while polycystic kindneys seem to be characterized by abnormal cell survival, acquired renal cysts have different behavior in which so far unknown intracellular changes are more likely to cause tubular distension probably through induced cell proliferation. Renal replacement therapy (RRT) is a life-saving therapy for those with chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 5 or end-stage renal failure (ESRF)—defined as an estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate of less than 15 ml/min/1.73 m2. RRT has a profound impact on quality of life (QoL), dependent on the preparation for and timing of therapy initiation; the mode of RRT selected; and the individual's age, health, and priorities. This article explores the transition to RRT, directed by the research question, ‘How does the evidence base inform clinical decision-making when supporting CKD patients’ transition from pre-dialysis to management of ESRF?'. The discussion of these critical decisions, including timing, modality and potential of dialysis to benefit the individual, is framed by their effect on QoL as dialysis is established. There are many other aspects concerning the transition to RRT, which are not discussed, but the reader is signposted to additional information sources. Introduction: Type 2 diabetics (T2D) suffer the greatest sepsis mortality due to the development of acute kidney injury (AKI), which progresses to acute kidney disease (AKD), renal failure, and death. Systemic inflammation and complement production are known to provoke AKI during sepsis. We hypothesize that sepsis induced renal inflammation and complement production drives progression of AKI to AKD in T2D.Methods: C3-/-, TLR2-/-, TNF-/-, C57BL/6, and Diet Induced Obese (T2D) 30 week old mice underwent sepsis from cecal ligation and puncture (CLPLD20) or sham procedure. At serial time points, plasma and kidneys were harvested (n=5 mice/group). Multiplex RT-PCR arrays were used to evaluate toll like receptors (TLR), complement, and immune signaling cascades. TNF, BUN, creatinine, and NGAL were evaluated by ELISA.Results: In lean mice, renal NGAL, representing AKI, peaked at 1 day and returned to baseline 7 days after CLP. In T2D mice, NGAL persisted past 7 days and peaked after 14 days, indicating transition to AKD (0.001). Renal C3 mRNA levels were eight-fold higher 1 day after CLP in lean and T2D mice compared to sham (0.001). In lean mice, C3 levels returned to baseline at 7 days. C3 levels in T2D mice peaked at 2 weeks and persisted. Renal in-situ hybridization showed significantly more C3 in septic T2D mice compared to lean mice. RT-PCR analysis showed significantly more renal TLR2, TNF, and C3 mRNA in T2D mice compared to lean mice. C3, TLR2, and TNF null mice each produced less renal C3 and NGAL, demonstrating less AKI and AKD (0.001). In T2D mice, TNF inhibition blocked C3 and NGAL production, representing prevention of AKI and AKD after sepsis.Conclusion: Lean mice resolve sepsis induced AKI by 7 days. In T2D mice, AKI persists past 7 days and progresses to AKD. The T2D AKI to AKD progression is dependent on local renal C3 production through TLR2 and TNF signaling. TNF inhibition is a novel strategy to prevent AKI progression to AKD, preserve renal function, and improve T2D sepsis mortality.L.M. Frydrych: None. G. Bian: None. P.A. Ward: None. M. Bitzer: None. M. Delano: None. Anemia is a common complication of chronic kidney disease. The hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor (HIF-PHI) is a new class of oral drugs for the treatment of renal anemia.Clinical trials have consistently shown that HIF-PHIs can effectively increase hemoglobin in both the dialysis population and the nondialysis population. The effects of HIF-PHIs in treating renal anemia include promoting endogenous erythropoietin production and facilitating iron mobilization. Several studies suggest that the erythropoiesis effect of roxadustat is less affected by inflammation. Careful monitoring of thromboembolic events and tumor before and during HIF-PHI treatment is necessary. Key Messages: HIF-PHIs are effective in correcting renal anemia. The long-term safety of HIF-PHIs needs to be further studied. Aging is often related to electrolyte disorders. This study was designed to evaluate the renal capacity for K handling of aging rats submitted to both extreme situations of K depletion and K loading. Aging rats were submitted to metabolic assessment, measurement of plasma aldosterone and determination of N–ATPase and H–ATPase activity in the inner medullary collecting duct (IMCD). During K depletion, aging rats showed low values of urine K excretion. After 2 weeks of dietary K restriction, the plasma K levels of these animals reached 2.9±0.1 mEq/l without acid–base disorders. During K loading, aging rats showed a significant increase in urinary K excretion, with plasma K remaining at normal levels (4.7±0.1 mEq/l). Plasma aldosterone levels were low in control aging rats but K intake modulated the levels of this hormone, with K depletion reducing it and K loading significantly increasing it. N–ATPase activity increased only in the initial portion of the IMCD of aging rats after 2 weeks of K depletion. In the distal portion of the IMCD, N–ATPase activity did not change. H–ATPase remained unchanged in both the proximal and distal portions of the IMCD of aging rats. During K loading, there was no change in N–ATPase or H–ATPase activity in the proximal or distal portions of the IMCD of aging rats. This study suggests that the senescent kidney responded to K conservation and excretion under the two extremes of low and high K intake.medRxiv has withdrawn this preprint owing to plagiarism. Therefore, this work should not be cited as a reference for this project. Long-term outcome after critical illness is important. After acute kidney injury (AKI) one measurement of such long-term outcome is assessment of renal recovery.A literature search was performed using the Medline database from 1960 to the present. The attempt was to include major clinical trials and other systematic reviews published in the field of renal recovery after critical illness.More than 15 studies have covered the topic of renal outcome after intensive care, but the results are ambiguous. Studies from the mid-1990s showed that AKI survivors were at great risk of becoming dialysis dependent for life, with non-recovery reported at around 30%. Later investigations found lower risks, with non-recovery between 5 and 8% depending on the choice of continuous or intermittent renal replacement therapies.Continuous renal replacement therapies may be associated with better chances of renal recovery. Determining when and how to measure long-term renal outcome remains a matter of controversy.Morphological changes in the macula densa have been studied during the infusion of diuretic agents into the renal artery of anesthetized dogs. The kidneys were fixed by rapid high pressure perfusion with glutaraldehyde. Large basolateral intercellular spaces were seen between macula densa cells in control kidneys, but the number and extent of these spaces were strikingly reduced during the natriuresis and diuresis induced by the infusion of frusemide, ethacrynic acid or mannitol. Natriuresis and diuresis produced by the intravenous infusion of large volumes of 0.9% NaCl solution also resulted in closure of these spaces. No simple relationship existed between changes in plasma renin activity and closure of the spaces between macula densa cells during these procedures. A distinctive, membrane-bound, vesicle-containing structure was identified between the basolateral processes of the cells of each macula densa; the function of this structure awaits elucidation. We suggest that changes in the size of the basolateral intercellular spaces of the macula densa reflect changes in fluid flux between the distal tubule and the interstitium of the juxtaglomerular apparatus.Initially, renal resistive index (RRI) was investigated to improve diagnosis in kidney diseases, but failed to meet this goal. Recently many papers highlighted the prognostic significance of RRI in chronic kidney disease, in the estimation of revascularization success of renal artery stenoses or the evolution of the graft and recipients in renal transplantation. Moreover, RRI gained importance in prediction of acute kidney injury in critically ill patients. Along with RRI study in renal pathology have been revealed correlations of this index with parameters of systemic circulation. The theoretical and experimental premises of this connection were reconsidered, and studies for analyzing the link between RRI and arterial stiffness, central and peripheral pressure or left ventricular flow were conducted with this purpose. A high amount of data is currently indicating that RRI is influenced more by pulse pressure and vascular compliance than by renal vascular resistance – assuming that RRI reflects the complex interplay between systemic circulation and renal microcirculation and should be considered as a marker of systemic cardiovascular risk beyond its prognostic relevance for kidney disease. In this review we will go through clinical research that revealed the implications of RRI in renal and cardiovascular disease. Accurately distinguishing renal cell carcinoma (RCC) from normal kidney tissue is critical for identifying positive surgical margins (PSMs) during partial and radical nephrectomy, which remains the primary intervention for localized RCC. Techniques that detect PSM with higher accuracy and faster turnaround time than intraoperative frozen section (IFS) analysis can help decrease reoperation rates, relieve patient anxiety and costs, and potentially improve patient outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS Here, we extended our combined desorption electrospray ionization mass spectrometry imaging (DESI-MSI) and machine learning methodology to identify metabolite and lipid species from tissue surfaces that can distinguish normal tissues from clear cell RCC (ccRCC), papillary RCC (pRCC), and chromophobe RCC (chRCC) tissues.From 24 normal and 40 renal cancer (23 ccRCC, 13 pRCC, and 4 chRCC) tissues, we developed a multinomial lasso classifier that selects 281 total analytes from over 27,000 detected molecular species that distinguishes all histological subtypes of RCC from normal kidney tissues with 84.5% accuracy. On the basis of independent test data reflecting distinct patient populations, the classifier achieves 85.4% and 91.2% accuracy on a Stanford test set (20 normal and 28 RCC) and a Baylor-UT Austin test set (16 normal and 41 RCC), respectively. The majority of the model's selected features show consistent trends across data sets affirming its stable performance, where the suppression of arachidonic acid metabolism is identified as a shared molecular feature of ccRCC and pRCC.Together, these results indicate that signatures derived from DESI-MSI combined with machine learning may be used to rapidly determine surgical margin status with accuracies that meet or exceed those reported for IFS. Transplant quality human kidneys were sliced (≈2 mm thick) and cortical regions further minced to approximately 1 . These samples were treated successively with EDTA and detergents to solubilize cellular materials but leave the extracellular matrix (ECM), including basement membranes (BMs) intact. Resultant acellular cortices bear a remarkable resemblance to their in vivo counterparts. By light microscopy, patent, expanded tubular BM (TBM), peritubular capillary BM (PTCBM) and Bowman’s capsule BM (BCBM) are surrounded by a swollen ECM which is occasionally fibrillar. Glomerular BM (GBM) lacks supporting interstitium but nevertheless remains convoluted and does not collapse. At the level of transmission electron microscopy, the diverse morphological characteristics of each BM type are evident. Random thickness measurements (lamina densa only) show that BCBMs are thickest (≈2,400 nm) followed by TBMs (≈750 nm), GBMs (≈ 335 nm) and PTCBMs (≈ 125 nm). Power transformations to normalize right-sided skew of thickness distribution curves reduce their arithmetic means 3-16%. SEM studies confirm LM and TEM observations that isolated GBMs maintain their free-standing spheroidal shapes and indicate that they may be intrinsically rigid. Moreover, their surface topographical details are preserved. We conclude that the acellular cortex offers a clarified view of renal interstitial morphology and demonstrates structural diversity among major renal BM types. Moreover, it provides a baseline of morphological information on which to assess pathological conditions of renal cortical extracellular matrix.Chronic kidney disease (CKD) affects over 15% of the US population, and over 650,000 people have end-stage renal disease requiring dialysis. Persons with CKD have an increased prevalence of all forms of cardiovascular disease, including coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes, congestive heart failure, and sudden cardiac death. CKD itself is also an independent risk factor for developing all forms of cardiovascular disease. The diagnosis of cardiovascular disease in persons with CKD presents unique difficulties, and many standard therapies for reducing cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, such as statins, also tend to be less successful in patients with severe CKD. This chapter will provide an overview of the epidemiology of cardiovascular disease in patients with CKD and will discuss strategies to diagnose cardiovascular disease and to reduce cardiovascular risk, morbidity, and mortality in this high-risk population.Mathematical models of water and solute transport in the kidney have significantly expanded our understanding of renal function in both health and disease. This review describes recent theoretical developments and emphasizes the relevance of model findings to major unresolved questions and controversies. These include the fundamental processes by which urine is concentrated in the inner medulla, the ultrastructural basis of proteinuria, irregular flow oscillation patterns in spontaneously hypertensive rats, and the mechanisms underlying the hypotensive effects of thiazides. Macroscopic models of water, NaCl, and urea transport in populations of nephrons have served to test, confirm, or refute a number of hypotheses related to the urine concentrating mechanism. Other macroscopic models focus on the mechanisms, role, and irregularities of renal hemodynamic control and on the regulation of renal oxygenation. At the mesoscale, models of glomerular filtration have yielded significant insight into the ultrastructural basis underlying a number of disorders. At the cellular scale, models of epithelial solute transport and pericyte Casignaling are being used to elucidate transport pathways and the effects of hormones and drugs. Areas where further theoretical progress is conditional on experimental advances are also identified. Angiotensin II (ANG II) binds with high affinity to specific renal receptors and exerts major influences on hemodynamics and tubular transport. Glomerular and tubular epithelial receptors are well characterized in contrast to pre- and postglomerular and medullary vasculature. Therefore, the scope of this review is limited to an indepth comparison of ANG II receptor kinetics, analogue specificity, and mechanisms of receptor regulation and signal transduction in glomeruli and epithelial cells. Despite the fact that these receptors are in close proximity anatomically, there is evidence from a number of laboratories that permits classification into two distinct receptor subtypes. The receptor of the glomerular mesangium, classified herein as “type A,” is characterized by high affinity for ANG II and the heptapeptide, des-Asp1-Ang II (ANG III), “downregulation” with high ambient concentrations of ANG II and signal transduction mediated by phospholipase C-induced Ca2+ transients. The tubular epithelial ANG II receptor, “type B,” is of lower affinity for ANG II and ANG III, “upregulated” by high levels of ANG II and mediates inhibition of adenylate cyclase following coupling to an inhibitory GTP binding protein. Both receptors possess secondary mechanisms of signal transduction that may also participate in regulation of cellular function(s). These findings support the hypothesis that at least two distinct classes of ANG II receptors are present in the kidney cortex. Kidney transplantation is the standard gold therapy for the treatment of the majority of end-stage renal diseases (ESRDs). Despite the general success rate of allogeneic transplantation due to immunosuppressive therapy, it is difficult to find an appropriate donor for some sensitized patients.This study aimed to estimate the prevalence and titers of anti-HLA-class I and anti-HLA-class II antibodies in sensitized patients in a kidney transplantation center. The history of the risk factors of sensitization was studied. Patients and Methods: Twenty highly sensitized ESRD patients with a calculated panel-reactive antibody (CPRA) ≥50% were selected, and anti-HLA-I and anti-HLA-II antibodies were assessed in their sera using a single antigen bead (SAB) Luminex assay.The previous history of kidney transplantation was the most critical sensitization risk factor. The results indicated that HLA A*24:02 and DQA1*02:01/DQB1*06:02 were the most frequent antibodies in class I and class II, respectively. Moreover, the mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) levels of anti-HLA class II antibodies were significantly higher than the MFI levels of anti-HLA class I antibodies.According to the findings of this study, matching HLA alleles, particularly class II molecules, can reduce sensitization in the first kidney transplant. A better understanding of the sensitization status of transplant candidates could be gained by examining CPRA values.83 percent of malignant melanoma cases present as localized skin lesions. However, a small percentage of patients present with concurrent metastatic disease or experience late metastasis. Metastatic melanoma has highly variable presentation and morphology, frequently mimicking other tumors. The most common metastatic sites in order of frequency are skin and subcutaneous tissue, lungs, liver, bones, and brain. While rare, metastasis to the kidney can occur and typically takes the form of multiple micrometastases.Methods/Case ReportHere we present an unusual case of a late, purely rhabdoid large solitary renal metastatic melanoma with renal vein invasion, mimicking rhabdoid renal cell carcinoma. The patient is an 84 year old male with a remote history (30 years) of cutaneous malignant melanoma who was referred with a CT scan demonstrating 7.9 x 5.7 x 5.7 mass in the lower pole of the left kidney with a tumor thrombus in the renal vein hhighly suspicious radiographically for renal cell carcinoma. The patient underwent a radical nephrectomy. Macroscopically there was a solitary 7.7 x 6.3 x 5.5 cm tan-grey mass in the lower pole with gross invasion into the renal sinus fat and renal vein resembling the macroscopic appearance of a renal cell carcinoma. Microscopic examination demonstrated pleomorphic tumor cells with pure rhabdoid morphology, extensive necrosis and Lymphovascular invasion. No pigment was identified. No classic clear cell areas were identified. Immunohistochemical stains were positive for S100, SOX10 Melan-A, HMB45 and vimentin and negative for AE1/3, CK7, CAIX, PAX8, P63, CD117 and AMACR. Multiple resected lymph nodes were negative for metastasisResults (if a Case Study enter NA)This case is a rare and unusual presentation of melanoma, and it’s important to keep this diagnosis in consideration in the setting of unusual morphology of renal tumors.Cardiovascular disease is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality and is becoming more prevalent as the population ages and risk factors increase. This is most apparent in the end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patient population. In part, this is due to cofactors such as diabetes and hypertension commonly predisposing to progressive renal disease, as well as being a direct consequence of having renal failure. Of all major organ failures, kidney failure is the most likely to be managed chronically using renal replacement therapy and, ultimately, transplant. However, lack of transplant organs and a large renal failure cohort means waiting lists are often quite long and may extend to 5–10 years. Due to the cardiac risk factors inherent in patients awaiting transplant, many succumb to cardiac issues while waiting and present an increased per-procedural cardiac risk that extends into the post-transplant period. We aim to review the epidemiology of coronary artery disease in this population and the etiology as it relates to ESRD and its associated co-factors. We also will review the current approaches, recommendations and evidence for management of these patients as it relates to transplant waiting lists before and after the surgery. Recommendations on how to best manage patients in this cohort revolve around the available evidence and are best customized to the institution and the structure of the program. It is not clear whether the revascularization of patients without symptoms and with a good functional status yields any improvement in outcomes. Therefore, each individual case should be considered based on the risk factors, symptoms and functional status, and approached as part of a multi-disciplinary assessment program. Platelet-activating factor (PAF) represents a group of phospholipids with the basic structure of 1-alkyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. A number of different cells are capable of producing PAF in response to various stimuli. The initial step of PAF formation is activation of phospholipase A2 in a calcium-dependent manner, yielding lyso-PAF. During this step arachidonic acid is also released and can be converted to its respective cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase products. The lyso-PAF generated is then acetylated in position 2 of the glycerol backbone by a coenzyme A (CoA)-dependent acetyltransferase. An additional pathway may exist whereby PAF is generated de novo from 1-alkyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycerol by phosphocholine transferase. PAF inactivation in cells and blood is by specific acetylhydrolases. PAF exhibits a variety of biological activities including platelet and leukocyte aggregation and activation, increased vascular permeability, respiratory distress, decreased cardiac output, and hypotension. In the kidney PAF can produce decreases in blood flow, glomerular filtration, and fluid and electrolyte excretion. Intrarenal artery injection of PAF may also result in glomerular accumulation of platelets and leukocytes and mild proteinuria. PAF increases prostaglandin formation in the isolated kidney and in cultured glomerular mesangial cells. PAF also causes contraction of mesangial cells. Upon stimulation with calcium ionophore the isolated kidney, isolated glomeruli and medullary cells, and cultured mesangial cells are capable of producing PAF. The potential role for PAF in renal physiology and pathophysiology requires further investigation that may be complicated by 1) the multiple interactions of PAF, prostaglandins, and leukotrienes and 2) the autocoid nature of PAF, which may restrict its action to its site of generation. Emerging evidence suggests that dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors used to treat type 2 diabetes may have nephroprotective effects beyond the reduced renal risk conferred by glycemic control. DPP-4 is a ubiquitous protein with exopeptidase activity that exists in cell membrane-bound and soluble forms. The kidneys contain the highest levels of DPP-4, which is increased in diabetic nephropathy. DPP-4 inhibitors are a chemically heterogeneous class of drugs with important pharmacological differences. Of the globally marketed DPP-4 inhibitors, linagliptin is of particular interest for diabetic nephropathy as it is the only compound that is not predominantly excreted in the urine. Linagliptin is also the most potent DPP-4 inhibitor, has the highest affinity for this protein, and has the largest volume of distribution; these properties allow linagliptin to penetrate kidney tissue and tightly bind resident DPP-4. In animal models of kidney disease, linagliptin elicited multiple renoprotective effects, including reducing albuminuria, glomerulosclerosis, and tubulointerstitial fibrosis, independent of changes in glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and glucose levels. At the molecular level, linagliptin prevented the pro-fibrotic endothelial-to-mesenchymal transition by disrupting the interaction between membrane-bound DPP-4 and integrin β1 that enhances signaling by transforming growth factor-β1 and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-1. Linagliptin also increased stromal cell derived factor-1 levels, ameliorated endothelial dysfunction, and displayed unique antioxidant effects. Although the nephroprotective effects of linagliptin are yet to be translated to the clinical setting, the ongoing Cardiovascular and Renal Microvascular Outcome Study with Linagliptin in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (CARMELINA®) study will definitively assess the renal effects of this DPP-4 inhibitor. CARMELINA® is the only clinical trial of a DPP-4 inhibitor powered to evaluate kidney outcomes.Renal tissue oxygen tension (Po) and its determinants have not been quantified in polycystic kidney disease (PKD). Therefore, we measured kidney tissue Poin the Lewis rat model of PKD (LPK) and in Lewis control rats. We also determined the relative contributions of altered renal oxygen delivery and consumption to renal tissue hypoxia in LPK rats. Poof the superficial cortex of 11- to 13-wk-old LPK rats, measured by Clark electrode with the rat under anesthesia, was higher within the cysts (32.8 ± 4.0 mmHg) than the superficial cortical parenchyma (18.3 ± 3.5 mmHg). Poin the superficial cortical parenchyma of Lewis rats was 2.5-fold greater (46.0 ± 3.1 mmHg) than in LPK rats. At each depth below the cortical surface, tissue Poin LPK rats was approximately half that in Lewis rats. Renal blood flow was 60% less in LPK than in Lewis rats, and arterial hemoglobin concentration was 57% less, so renal oxygen delivery was 78% less. Renal venous Powas 38% less in LPK than Lewis rats. Sodium reabsorption was 98% less in LPK than Lewis rats, but renal oxygen consumption did not significantly differ between the two groups. Thus, in this model of PKD, kidney tissue is severely hypoxic, at least partly because of deficient renal oxygen delivery. Nevertheless, the observation of similar renal oxygen consumption, despite markedly less sodium reabsorption, in the kidneys of LPK compared with Lewis rats, indicates the presence of inappropriately high oxygen consumption in the polycystic kidney.Contrast medium is used daily for accurate and effective diagnostic procedures. They are often necessary to provide an exact diagnosis and are almost safe and effective when used correctly. However contrast media can sometimes be life-threatening especially in elderly, since the elderly suffer from several problems. Aging is frequently accompanied by chronic diseases like chronic renal failure, comorbidity, frailty and disability. Therefore, it is important to know how reactions to contrast agents manifest and how to manage them immediately. Decreased kidney functions are sometimes seen after intravenous contrast media injection therefore radiologists should monitor all stages of the contrast injection. Accordingly, the medical team should have information on the complications, prevention and care of the patients under contrast media. The purpose of this study was to assess the utility of CT-based renal cortex volume to estimate split renal function (SRF) in pre-transplant living kidney donors and to evaluate its reliability to predict graft function in the recipients.Our study recruited all adult potential donors who had both Tc-99m-diethylenetriamine pentacetate (DTPA) scintigraphy and CT angiography of the abdominal aorta done before donating their kidney. We compared the correlation between CT-based renal cortex volume combined with kidney function and DTPA scan as well as post-donation kidney function in the recipients.The correlation between CT-based split cortex volume and DTPA-measured SRF before transplantation was strong (intraclass correlation coefficient = 0.954–0.968). The inter-rater reliability of two radiologists also showed substantial agreement (intraclass correlation coefficient = 0.97, p0.001). In contrast, the correlations between renal cortical volume of donated kidney adjusted to recipient body weight and recipient kidney function was poor at both 2 week and 2 year follow-up.CT-based renal cortex volume combined with pre-operative kidney function appears to be precise and reproducible to evaluate pre-transplant SRF. Nevertheless, the prediction of recipient graft function needs to be further investigated to ensure a good outcome. Advances in knowledge: This method is practicable for all potential donors who undergo kidney transplantation in terms of streamline donor workup without compromising information. A 2.5-year-old boy with a history of the previous incidental finding of an ectopic kidney in ultrasonography was referred to our nuclear medicine center for 99mTc-DMSA renal scintigraphy. The scan showed an unusual type of ectopic fused kidneys on the right side of the lower abdomen. In this anomaly, kidneys were fused completely across the medial portion of both upper and lower poles, as well as hilum with no septum. Each kidney, however, demonstrated separate consists of own collecting system. 99mTc-DMSA renal scintigraphy is a valuable imaging detection of different shape anomalies such as pancake kidney. We report this extremely rare case of ectopic fused types of renal anomaly including pancake kidney When he was 29 years old, Shaun McCowie was diagnosed with a rare type of kidney disease which made it impossible to have a kidney transplant. However, after 25 years spent on dialysis, Shaun had a successful kidney transplant in 2014 after taking a pioneering new drug. Calcium ions (Ca) are crucial for a variety of cellular functions. The extracellular and intracellular Caconcentrations are thus tightly regulated to maintain Cahomeostasis. The kidney, one of the major organs of the excretory system, regulates Cahomeostasis by filtration and reabsorption. Approximately 60% of the Cain plasma is filtered, and 99% of that is reabsorbed by the kidney tubules. Cais also a critical signaling molecule in kidney development, in all kidney cellular functions, and in the emergence of kidney diseases. Recently, studies using genetic and molecular biological approaches have identified several Ca-permeable ion channel families as important regulators of Cahomeostasis in kidney. These ion channel families include transient receptor potential channels (TRP), voltage-gated calcium channels, and others. In this review, we provide a brief and systematic summary of the expression, function, and pathological contribution for each of these Ca-permeable ion channels. Moreover, we discuss their potential as future therapeutic targets. This review provides a summary and assessment of research involving renal prostaglandins. Arachidonic acid released from phospholipids is converted by prostaglandin cycle-oxygenase in the kidney to PGE, PGF, PGD, and, possibly, to PGI, and thromboxane A. Production of PGE, and PGF, is predominately but not exclusively in the medulla, whereas degradative enzymes are present in both cortex and medulla. Prostaglandins enter the tubular lumen by facilitated transport and are partially reabsorbed from the urine in the distal nephron. Urine prostaglandins probably reflect renal synthesis. PGE and endoperoxides stimulate and PGF and indomethacin inhibit renal renin synthesis. In response to ischemia, vasoconstriction, or angiotensin II the kidney increases prostaglandin synthesis to modulate renal vascular resistance. In conscious animals or man no role has been established for prostaglandins in the maintenance of basal renal blood flow or renal sodium excretion. PGE influences renal water excretion by inhibiting the action vasopressin. Despite conflicting data there is evidence that renal prostaglandins are involved either primarily or secondarily in many types of hypertension. Inhibitors of prostaglandin cyclooxygenase have been used with success in Bartter's syndrome. Conflicting results in many areas of investigation may be resolved by the use of more accurate and reliable assays, careful handling of samples, and the use of urine to further investigate renal prostaglandin synthesis.prostaglandin synthesis; renin-angiotensin; hypertension; antidiuretic hormone  A critical evaluation of the functional properties of the isolated perfused rat kidney is necessary to assess the usefulness of the preparation for renal function studies. Clearance and micropuncture experiments in isolated perfused rat kidneys perfused with a plasmalike medium containing 7.5 g/100 ml albumin, glucose, and amino acids show that proximal convoluted tubule functions are well preserved. Proximal convoluted tubule reabsorption of organic substances, electrolytes, and fluid is near normal, the latter being directly related to the peritubular oncotic pressure. Superficial single nephron glomular filtration rate and glomerular permselectivity are also preserved. However, abnormalities in renal hemodynamics, urinary concentration-dilution, and excretion of fluid and electrolytes persist even in the best preparations. High renal perfusate flow, due mainly to the low viscosity of the perfusate, and altered distal nephron functions explain at least in part these abnormalities. Therefore, the isolated perfused rat kidney is a useful preparation to particularly study glomerular and proximal convoluted tubule functions. Recent development of a nonfiltering isolated perfused rat kidney model, with preserved renal perfusate flow and cellular integrity, also permits the study of transport and metabolic functions of proximal tubular cells independently of luminal events. In autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD), activation of the renin-angiotensin aldosterone system (RAAS) may contribute to hypertension and disease progression. Although previous studies have focused on circulating RAAS components, preliminary evidence suggests that APDKD may increase urinary RAAS components. Therefore, our aim was to analyze circulating and urinary RAAS components in ADPKD. We cross-sectionally compared 60 patients with ADPKD with 57 patients with non-ADPKD chronic kidney disease (CKD). The two groups were matched by sex, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), blood pressure, and RAAS inhibitor use. Despite similar plasma levels of angiotensinogen and renin, urinary angiotensinogen and renin excretion were five- to sixfold higher in ADPKD ( P0.001). These differences persisted when adjusting for group differences and were present regardless of RAAS inhibitor use. In multivariable analyses, ADPKD, albuminuria, and the respective plasma concentrations were independent predictors for urinary angiotensinogen and renin excretion. In ADPKD, both plasma and urinary renin correlated negatively with eGFR. Total kidney volume correlated with plasma renin and albuminuria but not with urinary renin or angiotensinogen excretions. Albuminuria correlated positively with urinary angiotensinogen and renin excretions in ADPKD and CKD. In three ADPKD patients who underwent nephrectomy, the concentrations of albumin and angiotensinogen were highest in plasma, followed by cyst fluid and urine; urinary renin concentrations were higher than cyst fluid. In conclusion, this study shows that, despite similar circulating RAAS component levels, higher urinary excretions of angiotensinogen and renin are a unique feature of ADPKD. Future studies should address the underlying mechanism and whether this may contribute to hypertension or disease progression in ADPKD.Background. Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common and serious medical condition associated with significant increases in morbidity, mortality, cost of care and non recovery of kidney function that leads to progression to chronic kidney disease. Cell cycle arrest is implicated in the pathogenesis and repair process following AKI. The urinary cell-cycle arrest markers tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-2 (TIMP-2) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 7 (IGFBP-7) have been utilized to predict the risk of AKI in many studies from specific population with good performance. However, their use in predicting recovery is still lacking. The aim of this study was to determine the association between two novel AKI biomarkers, urinary TIMP2 and IGFBP7 and renal recovery after 7 days of treatment in AKI patients at Dr. Mohammad Hoesin Hospital Palembang.
Method.This was a prospective cohort study conducted in dr. Mohammad Hoesin Hospital Palembang from January 2021 until March 2021. Subjects enrolled in this study were patients whom diagnosed AKI based on KDIGO 2012 criteria. Urine samples were collected upon patients’ enrollment within 24 hours of AKI diagnosis. We utilized Sandwich Enzyme Linked Immunosorbant Assay (ELISA) method to detect urinary TIMP-2 and IGFBP-7 levels. The primary outcome is recovery from AKI after 7 days of treatment. Chi square test is used to analyze the association between urinary TIMP-2 and IGFBP-7 levels and renal recovery.
Results. There were 70 subjects, only 22 of them were recovered after 7 days (31%). Median of urinary TIMP-2 and IGFBP-7 was 0,0047(0,0001-0,1439) [(ng/ml)2/1000]. There was significant association between urinary TIMP2 and IGFBP7 and renal recovery (p=0,027; OR 3,19; 95% CI 1,116-9,128).
Conclusion. There was significant association between urinary TIMP2 and IGFBP7 and renal recovery in AKI patients.Activity and chronicity of kidney involvement in ANCA-associated vasculitis (AAV) can be currently reliably evaluated only by kidney biopsy. In this study, we measured a panel of serum and urinary biomarkers collected at the time of kidney biopsy and hypothesized that they could reflect specific histopathological parameters in the biopsy and help to predict prognosis.We examined a cohort of 45 patients with AAV and 10 healthy controls. Biomarker levels (DKK-3, CD163, EGF, PRO-C6 and C3M) were measured in this study by ELISA. Biopsies were scored with a scoring system for AAV (focal x crescentic x sclerotic x mixed class) and interstitial fibrosis was quantified.Levels of urinary DKK-3, CD163, EGF, PRO-C6 and C3M significantly differed among biopsy classes in AAV, with urinary DKK-3 and PRO-C6 levels being highest in the sclerotic class and lowest in the focal class, urinary CD163 levels highest in the crescentic class and urinary C3M levels highest in the focal class. Moreover, the urinary biomarkers were able to discriminate focal biopsy class from the other classes. Urinary DKK-3, EGF, PRO-C6 and C3M levels measured at the time of biopsy were also significantly related to the extent of fibrosis and to the final kidney function at the end of follow-up.This small pilot study suggests that selected urinary biomarkers of fibrosis and inflammation may reflect changes in the kidney biopsy and be prognostic of kidney outcome in patients with AAV.Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is often accompanied by cardiovascular disease, which is referred to as type 4 cardiorenal syndrome. Management is challenging due to the multifactorial nature of the condition, and treatment of one organ may negatively impact the other.More insights into the common molecular disease processes in the heart and kidney might provide a source for new therapies. We used RNA sequencing to identify pathways that were dysregulated in both organs.Cardiac and renal tissue samples from four 5/6partial nephrectomized (NX) and four sham-operated (SHAM) female Sprague-Dawley rats were analyzed using RNA sequencing. Strand-specific and rRNA depleted cDNA libraries were generated and were sequenced on NovaSeq (Ilumina) with 20 million reads per library.In comparison to SHAM, the kidneys of NX animals had 290 differentially expressed genes (DEGs), showing increased expression of genes that map to Gene Ontology terms including collagenfibril organization,circadian regulation of gene expression,mitotic cell cycle,neutrophil chemotaxis, andinflammatory response. Within the hearts of NX animals, 8 DEGs were found, including those related tocircadian regulation of gene expression (Per2, Per3, Arntl/Bmal1, BHLHE41), as well as the,,, andgenes. Four genes were differentially expressed in both organs. Three of them were related to circadian rhythm, withandbeing downregulated andbeing upregulated. Furthermore,was downregulated in both organs.This comprehensive RNA sequencing in a rat model of type 4 cardiorenal syndrome identified chronodisruption as a common pathway, suggesting that circadian rhythms could be a novel target for intervention.Figure Legend.(A) Venn diagram with number of DEGs and vulcano plots for heart (left) and kidney (right). (B) GO terms for heart. (C) GO terms for kidney.<jats:graphic xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" orientation="portrait" position="float" xlink:href="g9552.jpg" /> To study the effect of erythropoietin (EPO) treatment on renal and lung injury following renal ischemia/reperfusion (I/R). Materials and Methods: Thirty male Wistar rats were assigned to three groups of 10 rats each. The first group was sham-operated, the second was subjected to renal I/R (30 min of ischemia followed by 24 h of reperfusion). The third group was subjected to renal I/R and treated with EPO in two doses: the first dose 1 h prior to ischemia (1,000 U/kg) and the second dose 6 h after ischemia (1,000 U/kg).The renal and lung tissue injury index, tissue serum blood urea nitrogen and creatinine (Cr) were higher in the renal I/R group compared to the renal I/R + EPO group; the difference was statistically significant (p0.05). Kidney and lung tissue glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase levels were higher in the renal I/R + EPO group than the renal I/R group; the difference was also statistically significant (p0.05).The data showed that EPO pretreatment could be effective in reducing renal and lung injury following renal I/R and could improve the cellular antioxidant defense system. Hence EPO pretreatment may be effective for attenuating renal and lung injury after renal I/R-induced injury during surgical procedures, hypotension, renal transplantation and other conditions inducing renal I/R.Background: Magnetic resonance relaxometry (MRR) offers highly reproducible pixel-wise parametric maps of T1 and T2 relaxation times, reflecting specific tissue properties, while diffusion-tensor imaging (DTI) is a promising technique for the characterization of microstructural changes, depending on the directionality of molecular motion. Both MMR and DTI may be used for non-invasive assessment of parenchymal changes caused by kidney injury or graft dysfunction. Methods: We examined 46 patients with kidney transplantation and 16 healthy controls, using T1/T2 relaxometry and DTI at 3 T. Twenty-two early transplants and 24 late transplants were included. Seven of the patients had prior renal biopsy (all of them dysfunctional allografts; 6/7 with tubular atrophy and 7/7 with interstitial fibrosis). Results: Compared to healthy controls, T1 and T2 relaxation times in the renal parenchyma were increased after transplantation, with the highest T1/T2 values in early transplants (T1: 1700 ± 53 ms/T2: 83 ± 6 ms compared to T1: 1514 ± 29 ms/T2: 78 ± 4 ms in controls). Medullary and cortical ADC/FA values were decreased in early transplants and highest in controls, with medullary FA values showing the most pronounced difference. Cortical renal T1, mean medullary FA and corticomedullary differentiation (CMD) values correlated best with renal function as measured by eGFR (cortical T1: r = −0.63, p0.001; medullary FA: r = 0.67, p0.001; FA CMD: r = 0.62, p0.001). Mean medullary FA proved to be a significant predictor for tubular atrophy (p0.001), while cortical T1 appeared as a significant predictor of interstitial fibrosis (p = 0.003). Conclusion: Cortical T1, medullary FA, and FA CMD might serve as new imaging biomarkers of renal function and histopathologic microstructure. Compound heterozygous Pkd1 mice were found to form calcium phosphate-containing stones within cysts of the renal cortex by 13 wk of age. This is the first polycystic kidney disease animal model exhibiting spontaneous stone formation. A growing body of evidence suggests a link between renal stone formation and cystic kidney disease. This mouse model may be useful for studying the interplay between stone and cyst formation and the functional role of polycystins in mineral homeostasis. Glucose homeostasis is highly controlled, and the function of the kidney plays an integral role in this process. The exquisite control of blood glucose relies, in part, on renal glucose filtration, renal glucose reabsorption, and renal gluconeogenesis. Particularly critical to maintaining glucose homeostasis is the renal reabsorption of glucose; with ~162 g of glucose filtered by the kidney per day, it is imperative that the kidney have the ability to efficiently reabsorb nearly 100% of this glucose back in the bloodstream. In this review, we focus on this central process, highlighting the renal transporters and regulators involved in both the physiology and pathophysiology of glucose reabsorption.The renal mesenchyme contains heterogeneous cells, including interstitial fibroblasts and pericytes, with key roles in wound healing. Although healing is impaired in aged kidneys, the effect of age and injury on the mesenchyme remains poorly understood. We characterized renal mesenchymal cell heterogeneity in young vs old animals and after ischemia-reperfusion-injury (IRI) using multiplex immunolabeling and single cell transcriptomics. Expression patterns of perivascular cell markers (α-SMA, CD146, NG2, PDGFR-α, and PDGFR-β) correlated with their interstitial location. PDGFR-α and PDGFR-β co-expression labeled renal myofibroblasts more efficiently than the current standard marker α-SMA, and CD146 was a superior murine renal pericyte marker. Three renal mesenchymal subtypes; pericytes, fibroblasts, and myofibroblasts, were recapitulated with data from two independently performed single cell transcriptomic analyzes of murine kidneys, the first dataset an aging cohort and the second dataset injured kidneys following IRI. Mesenchymal cells segregated into subtypes with distinct patterns of expression with aging and following injury. Baseline uninjured old kidneys resembled post-ischemic young kidneys, with this phenotype further exaggerated following IRI. These studies demonstrate that age modulates renal perivascular/interstitial cell marker expression and transcriptome at baseline and in response to injury and provide tools for the histological and transcriptomic analysis of renal mesenchymal cells, paving the way for more accurate classification of renal mesenchymal cell heterogeneity and identification of age-specific pathways and targets.Renal ammonia metabolism has a major role in the maintenance of acid-base homeostasis. Sex differences are well recognized as an important biological variable in many aspects of renal function, including fluid and electrolyte metabolism. However, sex differences in renal ammonia metabolism have not been previously reported. Therefore, the purpose of the current study was to investigate sex differences in renal ammonia metabolism. We studied 4-mo-old wild-type C57BL/6 mice fed a normal diet. Despite similar levels of food intake, and, thus, protein intake, which is the primary determinant of endogenous acid production, female mice excreted greater amounts of ammonia, but not titratable acids, than did male mice. This difference in ammonia metabolism was associated with fundamental structural differences between the female and male kidney. In the female mouse kidney, proximal tubules account for a lower percentage of the renal cortical parenchyma compared with the male kidney, whereas collecting ducts account for a greater percentage of the renal parenchyma than in male kidneys. To further investigate the mechanism(s) behind the greater ammonia excretion in female mice, we examined differences in the expression of proteins involved in renal ammonia metabolism and transport. Greater basal ammonia excretion in females was associated with greater expression of PEPCK, glutamine synthetase, NKCC2, Rhbg, and Rhcg than was observed in male mice. We conclude that there are sex differences in basal ammonia metabolism that involve both renal structural differences and differences in expression of proteins involved in ammonia metabolism.Altered lipid metabolism characterizes proteinuria and chronic kidney diseases. While it is thought that dyslipidemia is a consequence of kidney disease, a large body of clinical and experimental studies support that altered lipid metabolism may contribute to the pathogenesis and progression of kidney disease. In fact, accumulation of renal lipids has been observed in several conditions of genetic and nongenetic origins, linking local fat to the pathogenesis of kidney disease. Statins, which target cholesterol synthesis, have not been proven beneficial to slow the progression of chronic kidney disease. Therefore, other therapeutic strategies to reduce cholesterol accumulation in peripheral organs, such as the kidney, warrant further investigation. Recent advances in the understanding of the biology of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) have revealed that functional HDL, rather than total HDL per se, may protect from both cardiovascular and kidney diseases, strongly supporting a role for altered cholesterol efflux in the pathogenesis of kidney disease. Although the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms responsible for lipid-induced renal damage have yet to be uncovered, several studies suggest novel mechanisms by which cholesterol, free fatty acids, and sphingolipids may affect glomerular and tubular cell function. This review will focus on the clinical and experimental evidence supporting a causative role of lipids in the pathogenesis of proteinuria and kidney disease, with a primary focus on podocytes.In order to elucidate their role in mediating renal immune injury in man, the glomerular C3b receptors have been analyzed in frozen sections of 205 kidneys biopsied from 199 patients affected by various well-defined renal diseases. Using fluoresceinated C3b-coated bacteria as the indicator system, the receptor activity has been compared with that found in 10 normal human kidneys. In 76 out of 98 cases (77%) of glomerulonephritis (GN) with capillary wall abnormalities, a significant loss of receptor activity has been observed. No difference was present between the 89 patients affected by GN presumably due to immune complexes (ICX) parietal deposition (membranoproliferative, membranous, acute poststreptococcal GN and proliferative GN of SLE and cryoglobulinemia) and the 9 patients affected by GN presumably due to anti-GBM antibodies (Goodpasture’s syndrome and extracapillary GN). In the group of ICX-GN, no correlation could be demonstrated between inhibition of C3b receptors and the presence of parietal C3 deposits. A significant loss of receptors activity has been also demonstrated in 12 out of 13 patients with amyloidosis or diabetic glomerulosclerosis. On the contrary, inhibition of C3b receptors has been observed in only 3 out of 20 patients with nonglomerular renal diseases (interstitial and vascular nephropathies) and in only 11 out of 57 patients (19%) affected by mesangial GN with no capillary wall abnormalities (Berger’s disease, Henoch-Schonlein purpura and mesangial GN of SLE). C3b receptors were normal in 13 out of 17 patients affected by lipoid nephrosis (minimal change GN or focal glomerulosclerosis). In conclusion, the analysis of C3b receptors in renal diseases do not support the hypothesis of their involvement in parietal localization of C3b-bearing ICX: these results rather suggest that the receptors become undetectable in many glomerular diseases (immune-mediated or not) with lesions of capillary walls, because of the loss of integrity of C3b receptor-bearing visceral epithelial cells.Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is the most common inherited cause of renal failure and has limited pharmacological treatment options. Disease progression is relentless, and regression is not a known feature of ADPKD even with pharmacological intervention. Recent research has uncovered underlying pathogenic mechanisms that may be amenable to dietary interventions. Cyst cells in ADPKD are thought to depend on glucose for energy and are unable to metabolize fatty acids and ketones. High-carbohydrate diets and lifestyles leading to hyperglycemia appear to worsen progression of ADPKD. Additionally, renal stressors such as oxalate, phosphate and uric acid, that lead to renal tubular micro-crystal burden appear to accelerate disease progression. Based on these research findings, we have created a remote, dietitian-supervised training program to teach individuals with ADPKD the implementation of dietary and lifestyle changes to avoid factors that may worsen disease progression. Using web-based platforms, digital tools, one-on-one remote meetings, and video group meetings, participants learn to implement a plant-focused ketogenic diet that avoids renal stressors, the science behind these changes, how to self-measure health parameters, and track nutrient intake. Dietary changes are supplemented with a medical food containing the ketone beta-hydroxybutyrate and alkaline citrate, and mindfulness exercises. Here, we report the first experience with this program from a beta test with approximately 24 participants. Most participants completed the program and reported improvements in their health and well-being including pain levels, weight loss, hypertension, and eGFR. Adherence to the program was very high and the feasibility of the dietary and lifestyle changes was rated highly. The Ren.Nu program is now publicly available to individuals with ADPKD.Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are a family of zinc-dependent endopeptidases that have been increasingly linked to both normal physiology and abnormal pathology in the kidney. Collectively able to degrade all components of the extracellular matrix, MMPs were originally thought to antagonize the development of fibrotic diseases solely through digestion of excessive matrix. However, increasing evidence has shown that MMPs play a wide variety of roles in regulating inflammation, epithelial-mesenchymal transition, cell proliferation, angiogenesis, and apoptosis. We now have robust evidence for MMP dysregulation in a multitude of renal diseases including acute kidney injury, diabetic nephropathy, glomerulonephritis, inherited kidney disease, and chronic allograft nephropathy. The goal of this review is to summarize current findings regarding the role of MMPs in kidney diseases as well as the mechanisms of action of this family of proteases.This review article summarizes current knowledge about the locations and possible functions of annexin family members in the kidney. Beginning with an introduction on common structural and biochemical features as well as general functional characteristics of annexins, the paper focuses on individual members with documented and/or proposed physiological relevance for renal development, structure, and functions. Three main aspects of annexin function in kidney epithelia emerge from the available experimental data. First, annexins are required for membrane organization and membrane transport events required for the establishment/maintenance of epithelial polarity. Second, there is accumulating evidence of an association of annexins with ion channels, as membrane-guiding auxiliary proteins or modulators of channel activity. Last but not least, some annexins seem to work as extracellular autocrine modulators of receptor function under different physiological conditions.The evolution of the kidney has had a major role in the emigration of vertebrates from the sea onto dry land. The mammalian kidney has conserved to a remarkable extent many of the molecular and functional elements of primordial apocrine kidneys that regulate fluid balance and eliminate potentially toxic endogenous and xenobiotic molecules in the urine entirely by transepithelial secretion. However, these occult secretory processes in the proximal tubules and collecting ducts of mammalian kidneys have remained underappreciated in the last half of the twentieth century as investigators focused, to a large extent, on the mechanisms of glomerular filtration and tubule sodium chloride and fluid reabsorption. On the basis of evidence reviewed in this paper, we propose that transepithelial salt and fluid secretion mechanisms enable mammalian renal tubules to finely regulate extracellular fluid volume and composition day to day and maintain urine formation during the cessation of glomerular filtration.The apolipoprotein L1 (APOL1) gene is unique to humans and gorillas and appeared ~33 million years ago. Since the majority of the mammals do not carry APOL1, it seems to be dispensable for kidney function. APOL1 renal risk variants (RRVs; G1 and G2) are associated with the development as well as progression of chronic kidney diseases (CKDs) at higher rates in populations with African ancestry. Cellular expression of two APOL1 RRVs has been demonstrated to induce cytotoxicity, including necrosis, apoptosis, and pyroptosis, in several cell types including podocytes; mechanistically, these toxicities were attributed to lysosomal swelling, Kdepletion, mitochondrial dysfunction, autophagy blockade, protein kinase receptor activation, ubiquitin D degradation, and endoplasmic reticulum stress; notably, these effects were found to be dose dependent and occurred only in overtly APOL1 RRV-expressing cells. However, cellular protein expressions as well as circulating blood levels of APOL1 RRVs were not elevated in patients suffering from APOL1 RRV-associated CKDs. Therefore, the question arises as to whether it is gain or loss of function on the part of APOL1 RRVs contributing to kidney cell injury. The question seems to be more pertinent after the recognition of the role of APOL1 nonrisk (G0) in the transition of parietal epithelial cells and preservation of the podocyte molecular phenotype through modulation of the APOL1-miR-193a axis. With this background, the present review analyzed the available literature in terms of the known function of APOL1 nonrisk and how the loss of these functions could have contributed to two APOL1 RRV-associated CKDs. The present study was designed to evaluate the short-term effects of intravenous administration of furosemide on key functions in the kidney cortex and the outer and inner medulla of rats by using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Renal tissue water content, renal tissue oxygenation (in relation to the magnetic resonance spin-spin relaxation rate), the apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) of water, and volume of renal blood flow were measured. Furosemide administration resulted in an increased water content in all regions of the kidney. In parallel with this, we found a significant reduction in ADC in the cortex (2.7 ± 0.1 × 10 to 2.3 ± 0.1 × 10 mm/s; P0.01) and in the outer medulla (2.3 ± 0.1 × 10 to 2.0 ± 0.1 × 10 mm/s; P0.01), indicating that the intra- to extracellular volume fraction of water increased in response to furosemide administration. Furosemide also decreased the blood oxygenation in the cortex (49.1 ± 2.9 to 40.9 ± 2.0 s; P0.01), outer medulla (41.9 ± 2.8 to 33.2 ± 1.6 s; P0.01) and in the inner medulla (37.1 ± 2.9 to 26.7 ± 1.8 s; P0.01), indicating an increased amount of oxygenated Hb in the renal tissue. Moreover, renal blood flow decreased in response to furosemide (6.9 ± 0.2 to 4.4 ± 0.2 ml/min; P0.001). In conclusion, furosemide administration was associated with increased renal water content, an increase in the intra- to extracellular volume fraction of water, an increased oxygen tension, and a decrease in the renal blood flow. Thus MRI provides an integrated evaluation of changes in renal function, leading to decreased renal water and solute reabsorption in response to furosemide, and, in addition, MRI provides an alternative tool to monitor noninvasively changes at the cellular level. Basal lamina are extracellular structures found closely apposed to the plasma membrane on the basal surface of epithelial and endothelial cells and surround muscle and fat tissues. While the primary function of basal lamina in most adult tissues is probably supportive, significant evidence indicates that during embryonic development, basal lamina may be involved in regulating heterotypic tissue interactions. Changes in composition of the basal lamina of salivary and mammary gland epithelial tissues during development probably are important for branching morphogenesis which leads to the final form of the organ. During tooth organogenesis, selective basal lamina degradation and direct cell contact between developing epithelium and mesenchyme has been documented and suggested to be necessary for cytodifferentiation. Basal lamina turnover, as suggested by these morphological observations, no doubt involves both basal lamina synthesis and degradation. We have studied several factors evidently required for basal lamina reconstitution in vitro, and have discovered that fibronectin added to enamel organ epithelial cultures provided cues required for basal lamina formation in vitro. Both fetal calf serum and dental papilla mesenchyme-conditioned media also provided specific signals for basal lamina reconstitution. In addition, we have found that fibronectin is produced by the dental papilla mesenchyme, is released into the medium, and can be isolated from epithelial explants which have been cultured in mesenchyme-conditioned medium; the epithelial explants themselves do not make fibronectin in vitro.Not applicableThe renal clearance of inulin (C), C-creatinine (C) and endogenous creatinine (C) were measured in 6 healthy subjects before and after a single intravenous bolus of cimetidine (5 mg/kg). The initial Cli4 ratio (mean ± SD) was 1.68 ± 0.17; this fell to a nadir of 1.35 ± 0.18 soon after cimetidine was infused and rose again as the drug was excreted. This is the first cationic drug to show substantial inhibition of tubular secretion of creatinine in humans.The effect of verapamil, a C antagonist drug, on renal function and proximal fluid reabsorption in normal and hypertensive (GΠ) rats was studied. During intravenous infusion of verapamil, mean arterial pressure (MAP) fell significantly in both groups, 23% more in hypertensive than in normotensive rats. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was significantly higher in hypertensive rats and also increased significantly in this group during verapamil infusion. Effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) was similar in both groups and did not change significantly during verapamil infusion. The increase in urine flow, N and C excretion was higher in hypertensive than in normotensive rats during verapamil infusion. When 10 verapamil was added to the luminal perfusate of proximal tubules, fluid reabsorption was reduced to 64% in normotensive and to 42% in hypertensive rats. When added to capillary perfusate, fluid reabsorption was almost completely but reversibly inhibited (92% in normotensive and 83% in hypertensive rats). Our findings indicate a direct effect of verapamil on renal N and possibly also on C reabsorption, suggesting involvement of the N countertransport system. The greater effect of verapamil on N excretion in hypertensive rats was not due to increased action on proximal N reabsorption. Tubulointerstitial fibrosis (TIF) is a prominent factor in the progression of chronic kidney disease regardless of etiology. Avian erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene homolog 4 (ErbB4) expression levels were inversely correlated to renal fibrosis in human fibrotic kidneys. In both unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO) and ischemia-reperfusion injury followed by uninephrectomy (IRI/UNx) mouse models, expression levels of ErbB4 were elevated in the early stage of renal injury. Using mice with global ErbB4 deletion except for transgenic rescue in cardiac tissue ( ErbB4), we determined that UUO induced similar injury in proximal tubules compared with wild-type mice but more severe injury in distal nephrons. TIF was apparent earlier and was more pronounced following UUO in ErbB4 mice. With ErbB4 deletion, UUO injury inhibited protein kinase B phosphorylation and increased the percentage of cells in G2/M arrest. There was also increased nuclear immunostaining of yes-associated protein and increased expression of phospho-Mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 3, snail1, and vimentin. These results indicate that ErbB4 deletion accelerates the development and progression of renal fibrosis in obstructive nephropathy. Similar results were found in a mouse IRI/UNx model. In conclusion, increased expression of ErbB4 in the early stages of renal injury may reflect a compensatory effect to lessen tubulointerstitial injury. This study evaluates the direct effects of verapamil (5 µg/kg/min) or nifedipine (0.32 µg/kg/min) when infused into one renal artery for 2 h. The role of calcium in the systemic and renal vascular effects of angiotensin II (1 µg/i.v.bolus) was examined in each period.Renal blood flow was increased 11% by verapamil and 29% by nifedipine. Unlike other vasodilators, these drugs markedly increased GFR (by 75% with verapamil and 50% with nifedipine), and both caused a profound natriuresis, which outlasted the renal hemodynamic changes. Further, they abolished the renal vascular responses to angiotensin II. These major direct effects on renal function and hemodynamics suggest that: (a) calcium blockers may affect the determinants of GFR differently from other vasodilators, and (b) they may interfere with proximal tubular N transport.Dense-deposits disease is characterized by an original morphological aspect of the renal basement membranes which have an electron-dense appearance. The immunofluorescence studies showed C alone in kidney. Low serum C3 levels and the presence of C3 NF activity have been detected in this disease, demonstrating an activation of the complement alternative pathway. The observation of recurrence in transplanted kidneys contributed to establish the sequence of the morphological events and showed the dissociation between the serological complement profiles and the lesions. Although the nature of the dense deposits remains still unknown, the altered membranes are recognized by at least some anti-GBM antibodies.Renal excretion of sodium and water as well as urinary kallikrein excretion were measured after acute and chronic renal denervation in the anaesthetized rat. Although a significant denervation diuresis and natriuresis was observed in all experiments, kallikrein excretion rates in the intact and denervated kidneys were similar. The results seem to indicate that the kallikrein-kinin system is not involved in the denervation phenomenon and that basal kallikrein secretion is not influenced by the sympathetic nervous system. Patients with chronic kidney disease would benefit from peer support. The authors describe their experience in establishing the service in Wales. The essential requirements for establishing the service are explained. In addition to identifying suitable staffing, a structured and accredited training program for mentors is essential for the success and maintenance of the service. Formal training enables peer mentors to develop their listening skills, communicate effectively and clearly with mentees and identifies ways to deal with any challenging scenarios the mentor may face while providing their peer support. Policies to retain and reward mentors for their contribution are essential to sustain the service, develop the mentor's skills and expand the service that is not currently recognised or funded by healthcare providers. This article provides an outline of the process required to establish an active and long-term peer support programme, based on our local experience in south west Wales. The authors conclude by providing some quotes from their current mentors, describing how rewarding their involvement in the support process has been and summarising key elements needed to sustain an active peer support service and vision for future development.  Fetuin-A is a major inhibitor of ectopic calcium phosphate precipitation and an acute phase reactant. Its deficiency, common in end-stage renal disease, has been suggested to be associated with cardiovascular complications. The aim of this study was to monitor fetuin-A levels in the early period after renal transplantation.30 deceased donor kidney recipients treated with calcineurin inhibitor-based immunosuppression were followed prospectively for the first 3 months and the association of fetuin-A levels with clinical and laboratory parameters was evaluated.Despite a correlation of fetuin-A levels with creatinine clearance (r = 0.348, p0.01) and estimated GFR (r = 0.331, p0.01), no significant increase in fetuin-A levels over the first 3 months was observed. Moreover, a significant decrease in serum fetuin-A levels was noted at 2 weeks (p0.001). Subsequently, fetuin-A levels increased (p0.001) reaching pretransplant values at month 3.In this study there was no increase of fetuin-A levels during the first 3 months, but a decrease 2 weeks after transplantation was observed.Tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase-2 (TIMP-2) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 7 (IGFBP7) are markers of tubular stress and urinary [TIMP-2]*[IGFBP7] is an established biomarker for risk assessment of acute kidney injury. There are no studies of expression profiles or localization of these markers in human renal tissue with confirmed renal disease.We analysed 37 kidney biopsies of patients with renal disease and 10 non-diseased control biopsies for TIMP-2 and IGFBP7 expression using immunohistochemistry. Changes in glomerular morphology were evaluated by a semi-quantitative glomerulosclerosis score (GSI) and tubular interstitial changes were graded by the tubular injury score (TSI) using periodic acid–Schiff-stained paraffin sections. Interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy (IF/TA) were graded according to the Banff classification. Urinary [TIMP-2]*[IGFBP7] was collected at the time of biopsy.TIMP-2 and IGFBP7 had significantly greater expression in kidney biopsies from patients with renal disease compared with control tissue, especially in the tubular compartment. Here, IGFBP7 was detected in proximal and distal tubules while TIMP-2 was predominantly localized in the collecting ducts. Renal injury significantly correlated with staining intensity for TIMP-2 and IGFBP7: GSI weakly correlated with glomerular TIMP-2 (r = 0.36) and IGFBP7 (r = 0.35) and TSI correlated with tubular TIMP-2 (r = 0.41) and IGFBP7 (r = 0.43). Urinary [TIMP-2]*[IGFBP7] correlated weakly with the histopathological damage score but not with glomerular and tubular expression.Our findings underline the role of TIMP-2/IGFBP7 as an unspecific marker of renal injury that is already in use for early detection of acute kidney injury.The good oncologic results after partial nephrectomy for stage 1 RCC show that radical nephrectomy is an overtreatment in most cases, and that many healthy nephrons are removed unnecessarily. However, partial nephrectomy is a difficult operation, with increased blood loss and a higher risk of complications. Therefore, the advantage of preserved function has to be weighed up against the increased trauma of surgery in each individual patient, and the assessment of preoperative function may influence this decision, among other factors such as comorbidities and age. In most studies, renal function has been assessed by means of estimated glomerular filtration rate, and this parameter is very helpful for long-term studies in large populations. However, more precise measurement based on clearance studies are sometimes required for more sophisticated investigations. The technique of partial nephrectomy has evolved substantially in recent years, resulting in the preservation of more nephrons, less damage to the remaining parenchyma, less blood loss, and a decreased risk of complications. The introduction of minimally invasive surgery for this purpose has also decreased the overall morbidity of surgery. In the long-term, chronic kidney disease may result in increased cardiac mortality. There is ongoing discussion on this problem, however, this potential negative influence on overall survival is not only influenced by the rate of renal insufficiency, but also to a great extent by other comorbidities such as hypertension and diabetes. Therefore, in addition to providing the best surgery for any given patient, we have to make sure that the treatment of the comorbidities will also be part of our patient management, since the risk of cardiac failure may be greater than the risk of poor oncologic outcome.The influence of rat bile infusion on renal function in rats and the possible role of bile-induced hemolysis in these effects were examined. The hemolytic action of rat bile and some bile salts were determined in vitro. After the i.v. infusion of rat bile (70 mg freeze-dried powder/2.55 ml) into pentobarbitone-anesthetized rats, the urine, sodium and potassium excretion rates were reduced more than half, which was due to the decrease of glomerular filtration rate and increase of tubular water and sodium reabsorption. A fall in blood pressure, a rise in hematocrit, and hemolysis were also found. Infusion of hemolysed (30 µl RBC) solution produced by distilled water and then made isotonic caused a short-duration increase in renal excretion and glomerular filtration rate, and the blood pressure was unchanged. Infusion of a rat bile-hemolysed solution after removal of bile acids with cholestyramine increased renal excretions at first with reduction thereafter. Infusion of the rat bile-hemolysed solution treated with barium sulfate produced a renal response very similar to rat bile alone. It is proposed that two factors are involved in the renal response after bile infusion, namely bile acid-induced hemolysis producing diuresis with natriuresis, and bile acid-induced antidiuresis and antinatriuresis, possibly due to a direct renal effect.Immunoglobulin light chains, β-microglobulin, insulin, and lysozyme are low-molecular-weight proteins (LMWP) shown to bind to renal brush border membranes. Competition among these proteins and the role of electrical charge in binding to brush border membranes have not been resolved. To investigate these factors, we performed displacement experiments with [I]-labeled β-microglobulin (pI - 5.6) using six species of LMWP over a pi range of 4.4-11.0. The inhibition constants, K, of these six competing ligands, χ- and λ-light chains, lysozyme, insulin, cytochrome c, and myoglobin, determined from the log displacement curves, ranged from 4×10 to 8×10M. These experiments show marked cross-competition among LMWP for binding to brush border membranes. There was no correlation between K and pI indicating that the molecular structure is a more important determinant of LMWP binding to brush border membranes than net electrical charge.Three ultrastructural cytochemical methods have been used to classify the innervation of the rat renal cortex. Every axon seen contained chromaffin-reactive, dense core vesicles and stained for tyrosine hydroxylase, indicating that they were all catecholaminergic. About 10% of the axons associated with smooth muscle and juxtaglomerular cells of the arteriolar vessels also contained dopa decarboxylase, but this enzyme was not present in any of the peritubular axons. Our results are compatible with the possibility that, in the rat, the juxtaglomerular blood vessels, but not the renal tubules, are supplied by dopaminergic as well as by noradrenergic nerves.There is growing recognition that angiotensin II (ANG II) formed intrarenally exerts direct effects on renal hemodynamics and tubular reabsorption. In vivo micropuncture experiments performed in anesthetized rats have shown that peritubular capillary infusion of either ANG II or angiotensin I (ANG I), at rates that do not markedly influence baseline vascular resistance, can increase proximal tubular reabsorption rate and enhance the responsiveness of the tubuloglomerular feedback mechanism. With higher ANG II or ANG I infusion rates, pronounced preglomerular vasoconstriction occurs, resulting in reduced glomerular capillary pressure and single nephron glomerular filtration rate. The effects of peritubular capillary infusion of ANG I on glomerular function have been shown to be inhibited by the ANG II receptor antagonist, saralasin, indicating that the observed effects of ANG I on proximal tubular reabsorption and glomerular function are not due to direct effects of the decapeptide but are mediated by increases in the interstitial ANG II concentrations resulting from intrarenally generated ANG II. Interestingly, neither peritubular capillary infusion nor systemic administration of large doses of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, enalaprilat, elicited significant blockade of the single nephron hemodynamic responses to peritubular infusion of ANG I. These findings indicate that intrarenal conversion of ANG I to ANG II occurs, at least in part, at a site which is inaccessible to acutely administered ACE inhibitors, or that there is an alternative pathway for the intrarenal conversion of ANG I to ANG II that is not blocked by ACE inhibitors. Chronic noncancer pain is pervasive throughout the general patient population, transcending all chronic disease states. Patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) present a complicated population for which medication management requires careful consideration of the pathogenesis of ESRD and intimate knowledge of pharmacology. The origin of pain must also guide treatment options. As such, the presentation of neuropathic pain in ESRD can present a challenging case. The authors aim to provide a review of available classes of medications and considerations for the treatment of neuropathic pain in ESRD.In this narrative review, the authors discuss important strategies and considerations for the treatment of neuropathic pain in ESRD, including the pathogenesis of neuropathic pain, physiological changes for consideration in ESRD patients, and disease-specific consideration for medication selection. Pharmacotherapeutic classes discussed include: anticonvulsants, antiarrhythmics, antidepressants, topicals, and opioids. Key Message: Pain management in ESRD patients requires careful assessment of drug-specific properties, accumulation, metabolism (presence of active/toxic metabolites), extraction by dialysis, and presence of drug – drug interactions. In the absence of pharmacokinetic data in ESRD patients, therapeutic window and potential risks should be factored in the decision making along with continued monitoring throughout therapy.Fluid overload, a critical consequence of acute kidney injury (AKI), is associated with worse outcomes. The optimal fluid removal rate per day during continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) is unknown. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the impact of the ultrafiltration rate on mortality in critically ill patients with AKI receiving CRRT.This was a retrospective cohort study where we reviewed 1398 patients with AKI who received CRRT between December 2006 and November 2015 at the Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA. The net ultrafiltration rate (UFNET) was categorized into low- and high-intensity groups (35 and ≥35 mL/kg/day, respectively). The impact of different UFNET intensities on 30-day mortality was assessed using logistic regression after adjusting for age, sex, body mass index, fluid balance from intensive care unit (ICU) admission to CRRT initiation, Acute Physiologic Assessment and Chronic Health Evaluation III and sequential organ failure assessment scores, baseline serum creatinine, ICU day at CRRT initiation, Charlson comorbidity index, CRRT duration and need of mechanical ventilation.The mean ± SD age was 62 ± 15 years, and 827 (59%) were male. There were 696 patients (49.7%) in the low- and 702 (50.2%) in the high-intensity group. Thirty-day mortality was 755 (54%). There were 420 (60%) deaths in the low-, and 335 (48%) in the high-intensity group (P0.001). UFNET ≥35 mL/kg/day remained independently associated with lower 30-day mortality (adjusted odds ratio = 0.47, 95% confidence interval 0.37–0.59; P0.001) compared with 35 mL/kg/day.More intensive fluid removal, UFNET ≥35 mL/kg/day, among AKI patients receiving CRRT is associated with lower mortality. Future prospective studies are required to confirm this finding.The influence of food and water intake on renal function was assessed by comparisons between the hyperphagic Zucker obese rat and its lean littermate, which demonstrates nocturnal dominance in activity. Serum creatinine and cortisol levels, creatine kinase activities, creatinine and urine clearances, and sodium and potassium excretion rates were measured over a 24-hour period in both lean and obese rats (n = 24 each). Six rats in each group were studied every 8 h to permit characterization over a 12-hour light/dark cycle at 2-hour intervals. Urine and creatinine clearances were increased in lean rats during the dark phase coincident with onset of eating. Similarly, renal sodium and potassium excretion rates were markedly increased during the dark cycle, despite relatively constant serum potassium and sodium levels over the 24-hour period. In contrast, no circadian patterns in urine and creatinine clearances were found in the obese rat, which exhibits continuous feeding habits throughout the 24-hour period. Moreover, renal electrolyte excretion in the obese rat was modestly increased during the dark cycle, unlike the significant differences over time observed in lean rats. Serum creatinine levels were increased during the dark cycle in both rat groups. Creatine kinase activity, a measure of ambulatory activity, was constant in lean rats during the study period. Although creatine kinase activity was increased in obese rats during the dark cycle, no correlations with renal functional parameters were found. These results indicate that differences in food and water intake are significant determinants in diurnal cyclic changes in renal function. In part one of this new series, Emma Coyne and Nicola Fretwell discuss the nature of psychosocial care and its importance for patients and renal services  The binding of 125I-labeled epidermal growth factor (EGF) to plasma membranes prepared from rat kidney cortex was studied following unilateral nephrectomy, a model of proximal tubule cell hypertrophy, and following the administration of folic acid, a model of proximal tubule cell hyperplasia. Binding of 125I-EGF was a linear function of basolateral membrane protein content and time of incubation. Specific binding to luminal brush-border membranes was not evident in these studies. Neither insulin nor insulin-like growth factor I could displace EGF binding, indicating that binding was specific. Scatchard analysis revealed a single binding site. The KD in sham-operated animals 48 h after surgery was 11.2 +/- 1.4 nM, whereas Bmax averaged 95.2 +/- 4.1 fmol/mg protein (n = 3). Similar values were obtained in nephrectomized animals. The Bmax of folic acid-untreated animals averaged 212.5 +/- 6.9 fmol/mg 48 h after administration, whereas that of vehicle-injected controls averaged 85.4 +/- 9.2 (n = 3, P less than 0.001). Differences in binding were not related to changes in affinity, ligand degradation by the preparations, or receptor binding of endogenous EGF. These data indicate that regeneration following folic acid administration is associated with an upregulation of proximal nephron EGF receptors that may play an important role in the mitogenic response.  To evaluate the effect of antibody and complement on renal hemodynamic changes, glomerular injury was induced in isolated perfused kidneys by an anti-thymocyte antibody (ATS) and rat serum (RS). Glomerular filtration rate (GFR), renal vascular resistance (RVR), and renal perfusate flow (RPF) were assessed over an 80-min period. The possible role of thromboxane (Tx) was tested by the application of the Tx synthesis inhibitor UK-38485 and the Tx receptor blocker daltroban. Perfusion of kidneys with ATS and RS significantly reduced GFR at 10 min (control, 501 +/- 111; ATS + RS, 138 +/- 86 ml.g kidney-1.min-1, significance of F = 0.000) after RS. Similarly, RPF (ml.g kidney-1.min-1) fell from 19.2 +/- 1.8 to 6.1 +/- 2.0 (significance of F = 0.000), whereas RVR (mmHg.ml-1.g.min) increased threefold from 5.2 +/- 0.4 to 17.9 +/- 5.0 at 10 min. These changes were ameliorated by the pretreatment of the rats with daltroban and UK-38485. Addition of erythrocytes to the perfusate increased RVR and GFR, whereas RPF decreased compared with cell-free perfused kidneys. ATS and RS in this preparation also decrease GFR and RPF. The hemodynamic alterations appeared without changes in filtration fraction. Compared with untreated, perfused control kidneys, glomerular Tx formation was significantly increased in ATS and RS perfused kidneys. These data demonstrate that antibody and RS induce impairment of renal hemodynamics, which are mediated by increased Tx formation.  The trimethylamine glycine-betaine is accumulated to high concentrations in medullary cells of mammalian kidneys, whereas betaine synthesis from choline is predominant in the renal cortex. We investigated the contribution of renal betaine synthesis to medullary betaine accumulation. De novo synthesis of betaine in situ was accomplished by injecting [14C]choline into the renal artery of male Sprague-Dawley rats. [14C]betaine was measured in the renal cortex and medulla, as well as in serum and urine samples. Betaine concentration in the cortex decreased from 3.5 +/- 1.3 at 5 min to 0.4 +/- 0.2 nmol/mg protein at 60 min, but it increased from 1.4 +/- 0.1 to 2.5 +/- 0.6 nmol/mg protein in the medulla. Serum and total urine [14C]betaine increased from 2.7 +/- 1.3 and 0.9 +/- 0.1 nmol/ml at 5 min to 5.3 +/- 0.3 and 2.1 +/- 0.4 nmol/ml at 60 min, respectively. Concentrations of newly synthesized betaine were not decreased by the ligation of the hepatic artery and portal vein, suggesting that most [14C]betaine was synthesized in the kidney. Coinjection with 5 mM dimethylamino-ethanol, a choline oxidase inhibitor, and 100 mM cold betaine reduced medullary betaine accumulation by 80 and 76%, respectively. Water deprivation for 60 h increased both cortical and medullary [14C]betaine, whereas furosemide diuresis decreased the medullary [14C]betaine concentration. We concluded that betaine synthesized in the kidney can be accumulated in the medulla and that the medullary concentrations of newly synthesized betaine are closely related to the hydration state of the animal.  Mr DM is a 60-year-old librarian with a history of type 2 diabetes and stage 4 chronic kidney disease. His GP reported that his diabetes control has been poor, despite being on the maximum dose of gliclazide. Michelle Lam and Adrian Coleman discuss the use of insulin in a patient with declining renal function. Renal damage resulting from acute and chronic kidney injury poses an important problem to public health. Currently, patients with end-stage renal disease rely solely on kidney transplantation or dialysis for survival. Emerging therapies aiming to prevent and reverse kidney damage are thus in urgent need. Although the kidney was initially thought to lack the capacity for self-repair, several studies have indicated that this might not be the case; progenitor and stem cells appear to play important roles in kidney repair under various pathological conditions. In this review, we summarize recent findings on the role of progenitor/stem cells on kidney repair as well as discuss their potential as a therapeutic approach for kidney diseases.: The use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are one of the most commonly therapeutic classes and are responsible for ten percent of medications dispensed annually. Twelve percent of individuals currently report taking a NSAID daily. Renal injury caused by these agents can present in various forms, resulting from either acute or chronic use. Historically approximately five percent of patients initiated on NSAIDs experience a kidney-related adverse event. Drug-induced renal injury accounts for twenty percent of episodes of acute kidney injury (AKI). Patients requiring renal replacement therapy (RRT) have experienced an increased length of stay with associated healthcare costs per incident. The adverse effects of NSAIDs contribute to a significant economic burden, both to the patient and to the healthcare system. : A medical literature review was composed. : Numerous risk factors contribute to the development of drug-induced renal injury and disease. Patient specific factors include volume depletion and comorbid conditions. External risk factors such as use of high-risk medications and diagnostic contrast dyes contribute to the increased risk. Implementation of risk mitigation and educational strategies targeting healthcare professionals has the potential to decrease negative clinical and economic outcomes. : Healthcare providers’ understanding of the pathophysiology, diagnostic criteria, and risk factors associated with AKI is vital to improve patient outcomes. Proactively screening high risk patients and utilizing appropriate mitigation strategies contributes to limiting the incidence and severity of injury. When the use of NSAIDs cannot be avoided, utilization of lower doses may be a suitable alternative.  Going back to school after a kidney transplant can present many challenges for the children, their parents, teachers and friends. School days missed may be difficult to make up, infections can pose threats to the new kidney, and anti-rejection medication may change the child's body. Grainne Walsh, Fiona Gamston and Denise Roberts outline how to support children re-integrating into normal life. Gene transfer approaches offer the promise of revolutionizing medicine. In this review, we focus on the current and future prospects of somatic gene transfer into the kidney. The advantages and disadvantages of current vector systems are described, and the ex vivo and in vitro approaches applicable to the kidney are reviewed. We discuss uses of gene transfer approaches to dissect the pathogenesis of kidney disease and the future directions and applications of gene transfer to combat kidney destruction.The process of normal aging affects organ homeostasis as well as responses to acute and chronic injury. In view of the rapid growth in the elderly population, it is increasingly important for us to develop a mechanistic understanding of how these age-dependent changes can impact the susceptibility and response of the kidney to injurious stimuli. In this overview, we focus on the current understanding of those mechanisms by reviewing how cellular changes in the aging kidney might lead to a diminished proliferative reserve, an increased tendency for apoptosis, alterations in growth factor profiles, and changes in potential progenitor and immune cell functions. A better understanding of these processes may help us to define new targets for studying kidney repair and could ultimately lead to new therapeutic strategies that are specifically tailored for treatment of the elderly population. Structural studies of the glomerulus, largely undertaken in animal models, have informed our understanding of the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) for decades. A fundamental tenet of that understanding is that a loss of podocytes underlies progression in many or most cases of progressive CKD. Recent attempts have been made to reconcile earlier findings from glomerular physiology (the primacy of glomerular capillary hypertension in causation of secondary glomerular sclerosis) with structural findings and have suggested a more detailed model of the mechanisms underlying podocyte detachment as viable cells. A new appreciation of the main locus of mechanical challenges to the podocyte (in the filtration slit) may both explain the renoprotective action of some current therapies and help to suggest novel therapeutic strategies. The sodium–glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2i) are a new class of antidiabetic agents. SGLT2i are able to inhibit SGLT2 transporter in renal tissue, increasing glycosuria and reducing blood sugar. These drugs act by inhibiting the SGLT2 in renal proximal epithelial tubular cells. SGLT2i are found to have beneficial effect on chronic renal failure caused by diabetic nephropathy.  Polycystic kidney disease is a bilateral disorder that affects approximately 200,000-400,000 persons in the United States. The most common form of the disease is inherited as an autosomal dominant trait (ADPKD). It typically causes renal insufficiency by the fifth or sixth decade of life. The disease is characterized by the progressive enlargement of a portion of renal tubule segments (proximal, distal, loop of Henle, collecting duct). The tubules enlarge from a normal diameter of 40 microns to several centimeters in diameter, causing marked gross and microscopic anatomic distortion. The cause of the cystic change in the tubules is unknown, but current possibilities include obstruction of tubule fluid flow by hyperplastic tubule cells, increased compliance of the tubule basement membranes, and/or increased radial growth of cells in specific portions of the renal tubule. Several studies show that the epithelia of the cysts continue to transport Na+, K+, Cl-, H+, and organic cations and anions in a qualitative fashion similar to that of the tubule segment from which they were derived. ADPKD, then, is a disease in which some gigantic renal tubules, over a period of several decades, impair the function of nonaffected nephrons and thereby lead to renal failure.  Following on from the first article in this series, which tracked the development of the kidney, this second instalment traces the urinary pathway and the specific functions performed by the individual components. The general role of the urinary system in homeostatic mechanisms and the anatomy of the kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder and urethra are described as well as the influence of autonomic regulation, neuronal pathways and reflexes during the storage and voiding (micturition) of urine. The authors identify some of the congenital and acquired anomalies of the lower urinary tract, concluding that patient care will benefit from a multidisciplinary approach based on the underlying cause. Patients with acquired cystic kidney disease (ACKD) are at an increased risk of renal neoplasms. Frequent tumors are adenomas and renal cell carcinomas. However, renal oncocytomas may occur in patients with ACKD. Little is known about oncocytomas of the native kidney following renal transplantation. By means of B scan ultrasonography, a solid and echo-inhomogeneous renal mass was incidentically observed in the right native kidney of a 28-year-old female patient with ACKD 4 years following renal transplantation. A nephrectomy was performed. The histological examination revealed a renal oncocytoma. The increased prevalence of neoplasms in the case of ACKD and following renal transplantation requires careful monitoring of the patients concerned. In very rare cases a renal oncocytoma may develop in the native kidney after renal transplantation.COVID-19, with its complications and co-infections is the most important pandemic, which has placed great strain on even the most developed health care systems, especially on the kidney transplant patients. We present a case of cytomegalovirus (CMV) reactivation after remission of COVID-19 in a kidney transplant patient, admitted to the emergency department. Fever, dyspnea, weakness and tachypnea are the most common symptoms of COVID-19, which can mislead physicians to make inappropriate decisions. We concluded that CMV can potentially increase the mortality risk of kidney transplant recipients (KTRs).A In most cases, neither angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor therapy nor angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs) therapy alone inhibits completely the renin-angiotensin aldosterone system (RAAS). The drawbacks of ACE inhibitors are the ACE escape and aldosterone escape phenomenon, which are related to the tissue construction of angiotensin II and aldosterone by enzymes besides ACE. Combination of RAAS inhibition may avoid the ACE and aldosterone escape events that increases the efficiency of ACE inhibitors and ARBs and obstruct all angiotensin II and aldosterone actions accordingly. ONTARGET, largest trial of combination against alone RAAS blockade therapy in patients with vascular diseases or diabetes along with disease of such organs displayed that combination therapy advised no extra-benefit in reducing advance to end-stage renal disease in diabetic patients and decreasing the risk of cardiovascular. Certainly, in this trial, the administration of dual RAAS blockade therapy of an ACE inhibitor plus ARB was correlated with a higher degree of side effects in comparison to monotherapy. In addition to the study of ONTARGET, the ORIENT, VALIANT, VA NEPHRON-D and HALT-PKD trials also proved this finding. Adverse events associated with combination therapy of ACE inhibitor plus ARB is including hyperkalemia, low blood pressure, acute kidney injury (AKI) and withdrawal because of side effects. <jats:p id="p1">Introduction Randomised controlled trials show a reduction in acute
kidney injury, renal impairment, and acute renal failure after
initiation of a sodium glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitor. Observational
literature on the association is conflicting, however important to
understand for populations with a higher risk of medication-related
adverse renal events. We aimed to systematically review the literature
to summarize the association between sodium glucose cotransporter-2
inhibitor use and acute kidney injury, renal impairment, and acute renal
failure in three at-risk groups: older people aged 65
years, people with heart failure, and people with reduced renal
function. Methods Data Sources: A systematic search of Embase
(1974–29/03/21) and PubMed (1946–29/03/21) was performed. Study
Selection: RCTs and observational studies were included if they reported
numbers of acute kidney injury or acute renal failure in people using
sodium glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors, compared to other diabetic
therapies. Studies needed to report results by level of renal function,
heart failure status, or age. Results Of 858 results, 6 studies were
included. The absolute risk of acute kidney injury or acute renal
failure was higher in people 65 years compared to those
65 years, higher in people with heart failure (vs. without),
and higher in people with reduced kidney function (vs. preserved kidney
function), but insufficient evidence to determine if the relative effect
of sodium glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors on this risk was similar
for each group. Conclusion At risk cohorts are associated with a higher
incidence of acute kidney problems in users of sodium glucose
cotransporter-2 inhibitors.—Increases in renalsympathetic nerve activity regulate the functions of the nephron, thevasculature, and the renin-containing juxtaglomerulargranular cells. Because increased activity of therenin-angiotensin system can also influence nephron andvascular function, it is important to understand the interactionsbetween the renal sympathetic nerves and therenin-angiotensin system in the control of renal function.These interactions can be intrarenal, for example, the direct (byspecific innervation) and indirect (by angiotensin II)contributions of increased renal sympathetic nerve activity to theregulation of renal function. The effects of increased renalsympathetic nerve activity on renal function are attenuated when theactivity of the renin-angiotensin system is suppressed orantagonized with ACE inhibitors or angiotensinII–type AT-receptor antagonists. The effectsof intrarenal administration of angiotensin II areattenuated after renal denervation. These interactions can also beextrarenal, for example, in the central nervous system, wherein renalsympathetic nerve activity and its arterial baroreflexcontrol are modulated by changes in activity of therenin-angiotensin system. In addition to thecircumventricular organs, whose permeable blood-brainbarrier permits interactions with circulating angiotensinII, there are interactions at sites behind the blood-brain barrier thatdepend on the influence of local angiotensin II. Theresponses to central administration of angiotensin II–typeAT-receptor antagonists into theventricular system or microinjected into the rostralventrolateral medulla are modulated by changes in activity of therenin-angiotensin system produced byphysiological changes in dietary sodium intake.Similar modulation is observed inpathophysiological models wherein activity of boththe renin-angiotensin and sympathetic nervous systems isincreased (eg, congestive heart failure). Thus, both renal andextrarenal sites of interaction between therenin-angiotensin system and renal sympathetic nerveactivity are involved in influencing the neural control of renalfunction.As an important modulator of renal function and morphology, the nitric oxide (NO) system has been extensively studied in the diabetic kidney. However, a number of studies in different experimental and clinical settings have produced often confusing data and contradictory findings. We have reviewed a wide spectrum of findings and issues that have amassed concerning the pathophysiology of the renal NO system in diabetes, pointed out the controversies, and attempted to find some explanation for these discrepancies. Severe diabetes with profound insulinopenia can be viewed as a state of generalized NO deficiency, including in the kidney. However, we have focused our hypotheses and conclusions on the events occurring during moderate glycemic control with some degree of treatment with exogenous insulin, representing more the clinically applicable state of diabetic nephropathy. Available evidence suggests that diabetes triggers mechanisms that in parallel enhance and suppress NO bioavailability in the kidney. We hypothesize that during the early phases of nephropathy, the balance between these two opposing forces is shifted toward NO. This plays a role in the development of characteristic hemodynamic changes and may contribute to consequent structural alterations in glomeruli. Both endothelial (eNOS) and neuronal NO synthase can contribute to altered NO production. These enzymes, particularly eNOS, can be activated by Ca-independent and alternative routes of activation that may be elusive in traditional methods of investigation. As the duration of exposure to the diabetic milieu increases, factors that suppress NO bioavailability gradually prevail. Increasing accumulations of advanced glycation end products may be one of the culprits in this process. In addition, this balance is continuously modified by actual metabolic control and the degree of insulinopenia. Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common condition that can lead to significant morbidity such as end-stage renal failure. Relevant information and recommended ongoing management should be conveyed to a GP through a timely, coherent discharge letter. This review of discharge summaries assessed the quality of information received by GPs in AKI patients and its impact on AKI management and long-term prognosis. The role of the kidney in calcium homeostasis has been reshaped from a classic view in which the kidney was regulated by systemic calcitropic hormones such as vitamin D3 or parathyroid hormone to an organ actively taking part in the regulation of calcium handling. With the identification of the intrinsic renal calcium-sensing receptor feedback system, the regulation of paracellular calcium transport involving claudins, and new paracrine regulators such as klotho, the kidney has emerged as a crucial modulator not only of calciuria but also of calcium homeostasis. This review summarizes recent molecular and endocrine contributors to renal calcium handling and highlights the tight link between calcium and sodium reabsorption in the kidney. Impaired cardiac function is one of the most concomitant symptoms in patients with kidney failure after long-term dialysis. In addition, the preservation of adequate perfusion pressure to the graft plays a significant role in the intraoperative management during kidney transplantation, but the use of positive inotropic drugs in kidney transplant patients has been studied less. We investigated the protective effects of renal function by means of cardiac inotropes in kidney transplant patients.Eighty-nine patients that received kidney transplantation between April 2014 and December 2016 at Qilu Hospital were included and randomly divided into the treatment group receiving levosimendan and a control group. All kidney recipients received ABO-compatible donors. A poor outcome was defined as one of the following: delayed graft function, graft hemorrhage, or nephrectomy.The treatment group had a better composite outcome and the level of neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin was also lower than in the control group.Inotropic drugs may play a protective role in renal function in kidney transplantation. Hypertensive nephropathy is one of the major causes of ESRD. Exercise has been considered a nonpathological therapy for hypertension and its complications, yet mechanisms remain unclear. We sought to investigate whether periodic swimming could ameliorate hypertension-induced kidney dysfunction and its underlying mechanisms.Four-week male spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs) were randomly divided into the hypertension group (SHR,= 8) and exercise group (SE,= 8, 60 min swimming/day, 6 days per week, for 8 weeks). Wistar-Kyoto rats (WKY,= 8) were served as a sedentary normotensive group. Bodyweight and blood pressure (BP) were recorded weekly. After 8-week sedentary or swimming exercise, lipids profile, BUN, and Cr were measured. The renal interstitial fibrosis was examined by the histopathological analysis using Masson’s trichrome staining and hematoxylin and eosin staining. The kidney cell apoptosis was tested by TUNEL staining. The expressions of critical proteins responsible for the TGF-β1/Smad signaling of fibrosis, that is, TGF-β1, Smad2/3, and Smad7, as well as apoptosis related proteins, Bax and Bcl-2 in kidney cortex tissues were measured.The 8-week swimming exercise reduced BP and bodyweight, lowered concentrations of BUN, and serum Cr, compared with SHR. Exercise remarkably inhibited hypertension-induced tubular degeneration, cellular cluster, and tubular cell swelling as well as glomerular degeneration in the kidney cortical tissues, attenuated renal interstitial fibrosis, and renal cell apoptosis. Moreover, expressions of TGF-β1, Smad2/3, and Bax were higher in the SHR than the WKY, which were significantly suppressed by the exercise. In contrast, hypertension-reduced expressions of Smad7 and Bcl-2 were enhanced by the swimming exercise. Strong correlations were found between kidney function indices, blood lipids, and key protein expressions.Our results demonstrate beneficial effects of the periodic swimming on ameliorating hypertension-induced kidney dysfunction highlighting the potential of swimming exercise as a nonpathological therapy for early prevention of hypertension-caused kidney diseases.  The dosing of aminoglycosides (AGs) in patients with kidney disease is challenging due to their markedly prolonged half-life, which renders pulse dosing schedules unsuitable. We performed a review of the literature that describes the pharmacokinetics of, and dosing recommendations for, AG for patients with abnormal renal functions and various renal replacement therapy modalities, focusing on patients treated with intermittent hemodialysis (iHD).During one iHD session, dialysis removes a remarkable amount of the drug regardless of the dialyzer type. In patients with severely reduced kidney functions, the distribution phase is prolonged, which needs to be taken into account when drawing samples shortly after drug administration or following an iHD session. Key Messages: The doses recommended for the pulse dosing of patients without kidney disease leads to unacceptably high overall systemic exposure for patients with severely reduced kidney functions even with dosing intervals extended up to 48 h. Therefore, lower doses accompanied by extended dosing intervals must be applied for this patient group. The clinical evidence and current recommendations support the dosing of AG following, rather than before, HD sessions. In patients with end-stage kidney disease, the samples for TDM of AGs should not be drawn earlier than 2 h after end of the infusion and 4 h after the end of iHD session to allow full (re)distribution of the drug. Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) is a small 25-kDa protein released from kidney tubular cells after harmful stimuli. It represents one of the most promising future biomarkers in the diagnostic field of acute kidney injury (AKI), as the increase in NGAL levels is a good predictor of a brief-term onset of AKI, notably anticipating the resulting increase in serum creatinine. However, recent studies also suggest a possible role for NGAL in chronic kidney disease (CKD). For this reason we evaluated serum (sNGAL) and urinary NGAL (uNGAL) in a cohort of CKD patients in order to verify the relationship with the severity of renal impairment. In CKD patients sNGAL, uNGAL and the fractional excretion of this protein were notably increased as compared to controls. Furthermore both sNGAL and uNGAL were correlated with serum creatinine and, inversely, with residual glomerular filtration rate (GFR): this last relationship was found to be even closer than that found between GFR and serum creatinine. Multivariate models validate these correlations as independent, confirming that in these patients NGAL is a better predictor of GFR than serum creatinine. The results confirm NGAL as an important biomarker in clinical nephrology, extending to CKD the pathophysiological role of this protein in tubular adaptations to renal damage. Renal interstitial fibrosis (RIF) is a common feature that facilitates the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD), and emerging lines of evidence suggest that microRNA-376b (miR-376b) is capable of promoting RIF. In this study, we examined collagen deposition in kidney tissues, the autophagy and mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (ROS) of macrophages, and the apoptosis of kidney fibroblasts (KFBs) after the promotion or suppression of endogenous miR-376b in cultured macrophages and renal fibroblasts obtained from mice with CKD.FVB/N mice were prepared to establish a CKD model. A target prediction program and luciferase activity determination were used to confirm that autophagy-related gene 5 (Atg5) was a direct target of miR-376b. Macrophages and KFBs were isolated after the treatment to study the mechanisms and functions of miR-376b in relation to Atg5 in CKD. The autophagy level was determined, and KFB proliferation and apoptosis were assessed through MTT and EdU assays and flow cytometry, respectively.Atg5 was confirmed as a direct target of miR-376b. miR-376b and Atg5 exhibited high and low expression in kidney tissues from mice with CKD. The mice treated with a miR-376b inhibitor exhibited reduced collagen deposition, suppressed interstitial fibrosis, a higher level of autophagy, higher ROS production, enhanced apoptosis, and inhibited proliferation of KFBs, which suggested that the downregulation of miR-376b could exert beneficial effects on CKD through Atg5.miR-376b downregulation promotes macrophage autophagy to relieve RIF by negatively regulating Atg5 in mice with CKD. Thus, miR-376b might represent a potential focus of future investigations on treatments for CKD.Renal inflammation, induced by autoantigen recognition or toxic drugs, leads to renal tissue injury and decline in kidney function. Recent studies have demonstrated the crucial role for regulatory T cells in suppressing pathogenic adaptive but also innate immune responses in the inflamed kidney. However, there is also evidence for other immune cell populations with immunosuppressive function in renal inflammation. This review summarizes mechanisms of immune cell regulation in immune-mediated glomerulonephritis and acute and chronic nephrotoxicity.Radiation therapy (RT) has traditionally been disregarded in the primary or adjuvant treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC), but recent advances have necessitated a re-examination of the role radiation therapy may be able to play. The advent of stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR), which allows for targeting of disease with higher doses in a shorter window of time, may open up new avenues for RT’s role in the treatment of RCC, a cancer with a relatively low alpha/beta ratio. Thus, this review examines both the history and future of RT in the treatment of RCC with an aim to expand the discussion on treatment options for RCC.Ischemia reperfusion (I/R) injury triggers the activation of coagulation and inflammation processes involved in the pathophysiology of acute kidney injury (AKI). Coagulation proteases upregulated upon renal I/R injury activate protease activated receptors (PARs), which form an important molecular link between inflammation and coagulation. PAR4 is the major thrombin receptor on mouse platelets, and the only PAR that is expressed on both human and murine platelets. In addition, PAR4 is expressed on other cells including podocytes. We here sought to determine the contribution of PAR4 in the host response to renal I/R injury. Hence, we subjected PAR4 knockout and wild-type mice to renal I/R injury. PAR4 knockout mice exhibited an increased tolerance to renal tubular necrosis and showed a decreased neutrophil influx in response to renal I/R, independent from platelet PAR4. On the other hand, PAR4 deficiency resulted in albumin cast formation in peritubular capillaries and showed a tendency towards albuminuria. Transmission Electron Microscopy revealed an increase in podocyte foot process effacement. Our findings suggest that PAR4 contributes to renal injury likely through facilitating neutrophil migration, independent from platelet PAR4. In addition, PAR4 fulfils an important function in the maintenance of podocyte integrity following renal I/R insult. Subsequently, loss of PAR4 results in albuminuria.Distal renal tubular acidosis (dRTA) is an inherited disease characterized by the failure of the kidneys to appropriately acidify urine and is associated with mutations in the anion exchanger (AE)1 gene. The effect of the R589H dRTA mutation on the expression of the human erythroid AE1 and the truncated kidney form (kAE1) was examined in transfected human embryonic kidney 293 cells. AE1, AE1 R589H, and kAE1 were present at the cell surface, whereas kAE1 R589H was located primarily intracellularly as shown by immunofluorescence, cell surface biotinylation, N-glycosylation, and anion transport assays. Coexpression of kAE1 R589H reduced the cell surface expression of kAE1 and AE1 by a dominant-negative effect, due to heterodimer formation. The mutant AE1 and kAE1 bound to an inhibitor affinity resin, suggesting that they were not grossly misfolded. Other mutations at R589 also prevented the formation of the cell surface form of kAE1, indicating that this conserved arginine residue is important for proper trafficking. The R589H dRTA mutation creates a severe trafficking defect in kAE1 but not in erythroid AE1.Prostanoids derived from endogenous cylooxygenase (COX)-mediated arachidonic acid metabolism play important roles in the maintenance of renal blood flow and salt and water homeostasis. The relative importance of COX-1 and COX-2 isoforms is under active investigation. We have performed a comprehensive histochemical analysis by comparing rat and mouse kidneys for cellular and subcellular localization of COX-1 and -2 and microsomal-type PGE synthase (PGES), the rate-limiting biosynthetic enzyme in PGEsynthesis. A choice of different sera was compared, and the results were confirmed by antigen-retrieval techniques, in situ hybridization, RT-PCR, and the use of COX knockout mice. In the glomerulus, significant COX-1 expression was detected in a subset of mesangial cells. Along the renal tubule, the known COX-2 expression in cTAL and macula densa was paralleled by PGES staining. In the terminal distal convoluted tubule, connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting ducts, a significant COX-1 signal was colocalized with PGES; COX-2 was not found in these sites. Intercalated cells were generally negative. Cortical fibroblasts were COX-1 and PGES positive in mice, whereas in rats only PGES could be reliably detected. Lipid-laden interstitial cells of the inner medulla were COX-1, -2, and PGES positive. Vascular smooth muscle cells were not stained. The present data support prominent functions of renal prostanoids, predominantly PGE, by defining expression sites of the key enzymes for their biosynthesis in the rat and mouse. Results define the renal cell types involved in prostaglandin autacoid functions within spatially restricted sites such as the juxtaglomerular apparatus, mesangium, distal convolutions and collecting duct, and in compartments of the renal interstitium.The treatment of kidney cancer has made some remarkable strides over the last few years. Two regimens received Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval, multiple biomarkers were reported to show promise, and further enhancement and refinement of the prognostic characteristics occurred. The combinations of anti-angiogenic tyrosine kinase inhibitors with immune checkpoint inhibitors have rapidly become the preferred therapies in the front-line setting of advanced renal cancer.Background: Acute kidney injury (AKI) is frequently encountered around 40% in critically ill patients and associate with a high mortality particularly in AKI patients requiring renal replacement therapy (RRT). The objective of this study was to assess the clinical predictors for 28-day mortality in AKI patients requiring RRT.Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study from prospectively collected data over a year (2014-2015). AKI patients requiring RRT were included. We collected demographic and laboratory data of AKI patients requiring RRT within 24 hours before initiation of RRT. We excluded patients with pre-existing chronic kidney disease stage 5 and AKI patients requiring peritoneal dialysis. We compared clinical characteristics and analyzed the predictors of mortality of survivors and non-survivors according to 28-day mortality.Results: We included 122 AKI patients requiring RRT. Mortality rate at day 28 and 90 after AKI diagnosis were 59% (95% confidence interval [CI] 49.7-67.8) and 72.1% (95%CI 63.3-79.9). On multivariable analysis, clinical predictors for 28-day mortality were baseline serum creatinine (hazard ratio [HR] 0.57, 95% CI 0.36-0.90), SOFA score before initiation of RRT (HR 1.08, 95%CI 1.01-1.15), presence of vasopressors before initiation of RRT (HR 3.04, 95%CI 1.12-8.25), serum lactate4 mmol/L before initiation of RRT effect 10 days of survival time (HR 2.49, 95%CI 1.17-5.26), and serum lactate4 mmol/L before initiation of RRT effect ≥10 days of survival time (HR 1.31, 95%CI 0.47-3.60). A lower baseline serum creatinine was associated with the mortality in AKI patients requiring RRT. SOFA score, presence of vasopressors, and a higher serum lactate before initiation of RRT are useful clinical predictors for the 28-day mortality.Obesity-related glomerulopathy (ORG) is characterized by glomerulomegaly accompanied in many patients by lesions of focal and segmental glomerulosclerosis. Slowly increasing subnephrotic proteinuria is the commonest presentation of ORG. Occasionally, massive proteinuria (5-10 g/day) is detected, but the typical findings of nephrotic syndrome are characteristically absent even in patients with massive proteinuria. Superimposed obesity can fuel the progression of other renal diseases, and a reduced number of functioning nephrons (of congenital or acquired causes) synergizes with obesity to induce end-stage renal disease. Weight loss, either induced by diet or bariatric surgery, and renin-angiotensin blockers are effective treatments to slow progression, but a significant proportion of cases will develop end-stage renal disease.Renal hypouricemia (RHUC) is a hereditary disease that presents with increased renal urate clearance and hypouricemia due to genetic mutations in the urate transporter URAT1 or GLUT9 that reabsorbs urates in the renal proximal tubule. Exercise-induced acute kidney injury (EIAKI) is known to be a complication of renal hypouricemia. In the skeletal muscle of RHUC patients during exhaustive exercise, the decreased release of endothelial-derived hyperpolarization factor (EDHF) due to hypouricemia might cause the disturbance of exercise hyperemia, which might increase post-exercise urinary urate excretion. In the kidneys of RHUC patients after exhaustive exercise, an intraluminal high concentration of urates in the proximal straight tubule and/or thick ascending limb of Henle’s loop might stimulate the luminal Toll-like receptor 4–myeloid differentiation factor 88–phosphoinositide 3-kinase–mammalian target of rapamycin (luminal TLR4–MyD88–PI3K–mTOR) pathway to activate the nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain-like receptor family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome and may release interleukin-1β (IL-1β), which might cause the symptoms of EIAKI.Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) affects approximately 1 in 1,000 people in the general population. The natural history of ADPKD includes the progression of chronic kidney disease to end-stage renal disease (ESRD) in a large proportion of patients. Renal transplantation is the treatment modality of choice in these patients. However, there are some specific issues that should be addressed in ADPKD, and the aim of the current review is to describe the issues that need to be considered in the pre and post-transplant management of ADPKD patients, excluding routine procedures.Ureterorenoscopy (URS) is believed to be a safe and effective procedure to treat ureteral stone or ureteral stricture. Rapidly increased intrarenal pressure during URS may have a negative impact on the kidney, but the effect on renal functions is not well known. The aim of this study is to evaluate whether URS balloon dilation or lithotripsy would cause acute kidney injury (AKI), which was evaluated by urine neutrophil gelatinase associated lipocalin (NGAL) and renal tubular damage, which was evaluated by urine α glutathione S-transferase (GST) and πGST. This prospective study consisted of 207 patients with mean age 53.8 years old between September 2012 and June 2013. Four groups were included: the ureteral stricture group (group 1), the ureteral stone group (group 2), and two control groups. URS induced increased uNGAL on both Days 1 and 14 in both groups, and only elevated u-πGST levels were noted on Day 14 after URSL. On Day 14, the difference between low-grade and high-grade hydronephrosis was significant in group 1 (p0.001) rather than group 2 (p = 0.150). By multivariate logistic regression analysis, age, baseline eGFR, and stone size1.0 cm were associated with complete recovery of hydronephrosis after URS on Day 14. Ureteral stone patients with preserved renal function suffered more AKI (uNGAL) than those with impaired renal function. However, URS-related AKI had no significant difference between stone ≤ 1 cm and1 cm subgroups. Besides, urine αGST and πGST were both significantly higher in stone1 cm subgroup when compared to ≤ 1 cm subgroup. In conclusion, URS laser lithotripsy and balloon dilatation all resulted in AKI and renal tubular damage on Day 14 though post-URS double-J (DBJ) stenting was performed in every patient.Cancer is a highly complex disease caused by multiple genetic factors. MicroRNA (miRNA) and mRNA expression profiles are useful for identifying prognostic biomarkers for cancer. Kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC), which accounts for more than 70% of all renal malignant tumour cases, was selected for our analysis.Traditional methods of identifying cancer prognostic markers may not be accurate. Tensor decomposition (TD) is a useful method uncovering the underlying low-dimensional structures in the tensor. The TD-based unsupervised feature extraction method was applied to analyse mRNA and miRNA expression profiles. Biological annotations of the prognostic miRNAs and mRNAs were examined utilizing the pathway and oncogenic signature databases DIANA-miRPath and MSigDB.TD identified the miRNA signatures and the associated genes. These genes were found to be involved in cancer-related pathways, and 23 genes were significantly correlated with the survival of KIRC patients. We demonstrated that the results are robust and not highly dependent upon the databases we selected. Compared with traditional supervised methods tested, TD achieves much better performance in selecting prognostic miRNAs and mRNAs.These results suggest that integrated analysis using the TD-based unsupervised feature extraction technique is an effective strategy for identifying prognostic signatures in cancer studies.Long-term pulse chase experiments previously identified a sizable population of BrdU-retaining cells within the renal papilla. The origin of these cells has been unclear, and in this work we test the hypothesis that they become quiescent early during the course of kidney development and organ growth. Indeed, we find that BrdU-retaining cells of the papilla can be labeled only by pulsing with BrdU from embryonic (E) day 11.25 to postnatal (P) day 7, the approximate period of kidney development in the mouse. BrdU signal in the cortex and outer medulla is rapidly diluted by cellular proliferation during embryonic development and juvenile growth, whereas cells within the papilla differentiate and exit the cell cycle during organogenesis. Indeed, by E17.5, little or no active proliferation can be seen in the distal papilla, indicating maturation of this structure in a distal-to-proximal manner during organogenesis. We conclude that BrdU-retaining cells of the papilla represent a population of cells that quiesce during embryonic development and localize within a region of the kidney that matures early. We therefore propose that selective papillary retention of BrdU arises through a combination of regionalized slowing of, and exit from, the cell cycle within the papilla during the period of ongoing kidney development, and extensive proliferative growth of the juvenile kidney resulting in dilution of BrdU below the detection level in extra-papillary regions.INTRODUCTION:
Cardiovascular diseases represent the main cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD. Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) represents afeature to provide an accurate picture of systolic-diastolic left heart involvement in CKD
patients.OBJECTIVE:Todeterminethefrequencyof left ventricular diastolicdysfunctioninendstagerenal disease patients on hemodialysis.Material and Methods: Descriptive Cross Sectional was conducted atDepartmentNephrology, Institute of Kidney Diseases Peshawar from 11thJuly 2018 to 10thJAll the patients were stabilized and after initial stabilization and treatment of these patients, written informedconsentwasobtainedfromthem.Echocardiogramperformed by consultant cardiologist in order to look for the presence of LV dysfunction. LVsystolicdysfunctionconsidereddepressedwhenleftventricularejectionfraction (LVEF) was found less than 45%. Clinical and electrocardiographic evidences of valvular heart disease, heart failure (EF50%) and myocardial ischemia were excluded from this study.RESULTS:As per frequencies and percentages for LVDD, 121 (87.68%) patients were recordedLVDD.CONCLUSION:In this study, we concluded that LVDD is a typical feature of CKD-related cardiomyopathy as LVDD and myocardial fibrosis are associated with mortality risk and cardiovascular events in CKD and ESRD as demonstrated by higher rates of sudden cardiac death in these patients. In the kidney, recovery from tubular damage requires regenerative mechanisms leading to re-epithelialization of the injured tubules. Current evidence supports the para- or autocrine role of growth factors in repair and regeneration of ischemic or nephrotoxic experimental acute renal failure.We evaluated the effects of EGF, HGF, IGF-1, and bFGF on human renal thick ascending limb and distal convoluted cells (TALDC) in vitro. TALDC were isolated by immunomagnetic separation and cultured. Signal transduction of the growth factors was evaluated by Western blot of ERK1/2 MAP-K phosphorylation. Cell proliferation was measured by MTT assay and a fluorometric assay.A significant, dose- and time-dependent phosphorylation of ERK1/2 could be detected exclusively after stimulation with EGF. No other growth factor induced a significant MAPK phosphorylation. In the same manner, proliferation assays showed a significant growth-promoting effect of EGF. Neither HGF, nor IGF-1 or bFGF showed a stimulative effect on TALDC proliferation.The present study highlights the effects of growth factors on cultured TALDC and supports the hypothesis that in vivo EGF plays a para- or autocrine role during renal repair mechanisms.Spontaneous tendon ruptures in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) have been occasionally reported. We describe the largest group of patients with spontaneous rupture of major tendons so far reported. Rupture of 16 tendons occurred in 9 patients. The mean patient age was 52.78 years; 77.7% were male. Four patients were treated with hemodialysis, 4 received a renal transplant and 1 was treated with automated peritoneal dialysis. Bilateral rupture was found in 5 patients (3 quadriceps, 1 Achilles and 1 supraspinatus and subscapularis tendon rupture). Distal brachial biceps tendon rupture, Achilles tendon rupture, unilateral quadriceps and rupture of the oblique internal abdominal muscle tendon were developed by 1 patient each. Patients were treated with renal replacement therapy for 3–21 years (mean 12.89). Five patients were treated with steroids and 6 patients received quinolone antibiotic before the tendon rupture. All patients had laboratory and clinical signs of hyperparathyroidism. A patient who was treated with automated peritoneal dialysis for 3 years had primary hyperparathyroidism with nephrolithiasis as the cause of ESRD. Our results demonstrated that patients with hyperparathyroidism are at increased risk for development of spontaneous tendon ruptures, and the risk is further amplified when they receive quinolone antibiotics and/or steroids.Renal microvascular (MV) damage and loss contribute to the progression of renal injury in renovascular disease (RVD). Whether a targeted intervention in renal microcirculation could reverse renal damage is unknown. We hypothesized that intrarenal vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) therapy will reverse renal dysfunction and decrease renal injury in experimental RVD. Unilateral renal artery stenosis (RAS) was induced in 14 pigs, as a surrogate of chronic RVD. Six weeks later, renal blood flow (RBF) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) were quantified in vivo in the stenotic kidney using multidetector computed tomography (CT). Then, intrarenal rhVEGF-165 or vehicle was randomly administered into the stenotic kidneys ( n = 7/group), they were observed for 4 additional wk, in vivo studies were repeated, and then renal MV density was quantified by 3D micro-CT, and expression of angiogenic factors and fibrosis was determined. RBF and GFR, MV density, and renal expression of VEGF and downstream mediators such as p-ERK 1/2, Akt, and eNOS were significantly reduced after 6 and at 10 wk of untreated RAS compared with normal controls. Remarkably, administration of VEGF at 6 wk normalized RBF (from 393.6 ± 50.3 to 607.0 ± 45.33 ml/min, P0.05 vs. RAS) and GFR (from 43.4 ± 3.4 to 66.6 ± 10.3 ml/min, P0.05 vs. RAS) at 10 wk, accompanied by increased angiogenic signaling, augmented renal MV density, and attenuated renal scarring. This study shows promising therapeutic effects of a targeted renal intervention, using an established clinically relevant large-animal model of chronic RAS. It also implies that disruption of renal MV integrity and function plays a pivotal role in the progression of renal injury in the stenotic kidney. Furthermore, it shows a high level of plasticity of renal microvessels to a single-dose VEGF-targeted intervention after established renal injury, supporting promising renoprotective effects of a novel potential therapeutic intervention to treat chronic RVD. We assessed the effects in isolated perfused rat kidneys of adding globulin or erythrocytes to Krebs-Henseleit bicarbonate perfusate with albumin as its principal source of colloid osmotic pressure during 3 h of perfusion. Colloid osmotic pressure varied between 11 and 58 mmHg. Bovine or human immunoglobulin substituted in part for albumin produced vasodilation, whereas rat erythrocytes added to albumin at a 5% hematocrit caused vasoconstriction. Inclusion of both globulin and erythrocytes in the perfusate was associated with an intermediate response. Kidneys perfused with albumin alone showed progressive decline in GFR, increasing vascular resistance, and increasing proteinuria correlating with kidney weight gain during perfusion. Onset of GFR and resistance changes were delayed and their magnitude decreased by increasing oncotic pressure. Estimated glomerular filtrate protein concentration of albumin-perfused kidneys progressively increased from 20 to 150 mg/dl. The presence of erythrocytes or globulin in the perfusate prevented the increase in vascular resistance and reduced the degree of decrease in GFR seen with albumin alone in the perfusate and reduced the time-dependent increase in proteinuria by 80%. The effects of globulin and erythrocytes on proteinuria were additive. The prevention of changes in hemodynamics, glomerular filtration, macromolecular clearance, subcapsular fluid accumulation, and organ weight gain for up to 5 h of perfusion by adding erythrocytes and globulins to the albumin perfusate suggest that these agents may be necessary for preventing interstitial edema and for maintaining renal function in vitro.  Inflammatory cytokines are evoked by acute kidney injury (AKI) and may contribute to evolving renal disease. However, the impact of AKI-induced uremia on proinflammatory (e.g., TNF-α, MCP-1, TGF-β1) and anti-inflammatory (e.g., IL-10) cytokine gene expression remains unknown. This study was undertaken to gain some initial insights into this issue. CD-1 mice were subjected to left renal ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) in the absence or presence of uremia (± right ureteral transection). TNF-α, MCP-1, TGF-β1, and IL-10 mRNAs, cytokine protein levels, and RNA polymerase II (Pol II) recruitment to these genes were assessed. Renal cytokine mRNA levels were also contrasted with unilateral vs. bilateral renal parenchymal damage (I/R or ureteral obstruction). Potential effects of uremia on cytokine mRNAs in the absence of parenchymal renal damage [bilateral ureteral transection (BUTx)] were sought. Finally, the impact of simulated in vitro uremia (HK-2 tubular cells exposed to peritoneal dialysate from uremic vs. normal mice) on cytokine mRNA and microRNA profiles was assessed. Uremia blunted TNF-α, MCP-1, and TGF-β1 mRNA increases in all three in vivo parenchymal acute renal failure models. These results were paralleled by reductions in cytokine protein levels and Pol II recruitment to their respective genes. Conversely, uremia increased IL-10 mRNA, both in the presence and absence (BUTx) of parenchymal renal damage. The uremic milieu also suppressed HK-2 cell proinflammatory cytokine mRNA levels and altered the expression of least 69 microRNAs ( P0.0001). We conclude that both pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokine gene expressions are influenced by uremia, with a potential predilection toward an anti-inflammatory state. Changes in gene transcription (as reflected by Pol II recruitment), and possible posttranscriptional modifications (known to be induced by microRNAs), are likely involved.  The renal disposition of insulin in acute renal failure has not been evaluated. We used the isolated perfused rat kidney to test the hypothesis that acute renal failure (ARF) decreases renal insulin clearance. We used warm ischemia for 45 min, uranyl nitrate 5 mg/kg, ureter ligation, and nonfiltering kidneys as methods of inducing ARF. Comparisons were made with normal control kidneys. The concentrations of insulin in perfusate and urine was determined by radioimmunoassay. Acute renal failure caused significant reductions in glomerular filtration rate, sodium and potassium reabsorption, and an increased urine pH. Warm ischemia and uranyl nitrate toxicity caused a 50% decrease in the renal clearance of insulin. Nonfiltering kidneys cleared insulin at a rate 90% decreased from controls. Ureteral ligation caused a 32% decrease in insulin clearance. Filtration was necessary for insulin to be cleared from perfusate. We conclude that ARF decreased renal insulin clearance through a decrease in insulin uptake from both the tubular lumen and peritubular surface.  The effect of 30 min of renal artery occlusion on renal sodium reabsorption, oxygen consumption, and brush border integrity was studied in the immediate 1-h reflow period. Rats were studied using clearance and renal extraction measurements. Glomerular filtration rate and renal plasma flow were measured over four consecutive 15-min periods; renal venous samples were drawn via an indwelling catheter. Renal oxygen consumption (QO2) was calculated from renal blood flow, corrected for urine flow, and from blood oxygen content measured with a fuel cell analyzer. Brush border integrity was assessed by the excretion of the brush border marker enzyme gamma-glutamyltransferase as well as by morphologic observation. Ischemia induced a 10-fold rise in fractional sodium excretion in the initial 0- to 15-min period, rose to 20-fold during the subsequent two periods, 15-45 min, and then returned to the initial reflow period level. The progressive deterioration of renal function with reflow could not be attributed to an increase in the filtered Na+ load. Rather, Na+ reabsorption appeared to be related to the presence of intact brush borders at 0-15 min, their removal from the luminal surface between 15 and 45 min, and their return at 60 min of reflow. Renal QO2 was coupled to Na+ reabsorption in the initial 15-min and final 45- to 60-min reflow periods. However QO2 was significantly increased over the control level at 30-45 min of reflow. The results point to a significant role of brush border uptake in the development of functional impairment following renal ischemia and suggest that the associated rise in renal O2 consumption may be coupled to the reparation of this organelle.  To assess the concept of compartmentalization of renal prostaglandins (PG), we compared entry of PGE2 and the PGI2 metabolite 6-keto-PGF1 alpha into the renal vascular and tubular compartments, in sodium pentobarbital-anesthetized dogs. Renal arterial 6-keto-PGF1 alpha infusion increased both renal venous and urinary 6-keto-PGF1 alpha outflow. In contrast, renal arterial infusion of arachidonic acid (AA) or bradykinin (BK) increased renal venous 6-keto-PGF1 alpha outflow but had no effect on its urinary outflow. Both urinary and renal venous PGE2 outflows increased during AA or BK infusion. Ureteral stopped-flow studies revealed no postglomerular 6-keto-PGF1 alpha entry into tubular fluid. During renal arterial infusion of [3H]PGI2 and inulin, first-pass 3H clearance was 40% of inulin clearance; 35% of urinary 3H was 6-keto-PGF1 alpha, and two other urinary metabolites were found. During renal arterial infusion of [3H]6-keto-PGF1 alpha and inulin, first-pass 3H clearance was 150% of inulin clearance; 75% of urinary 3H was 6-keto-PGF1 alpha, and only one other metabolite was found. We conclude that in the dog PGE2 synthesized in the kidney enters directly into both the renal vascular and tubular compartments, but 6-keto-PGF1 alpha of renal origin enters directly into only the renal vascular compartment.  The effect of acute renal denervation (RD) on water (V), sodium (UNaV), and potassium excretion (UKV) from the hypertrophied and control kidney was studied in 5-sec-butyl-5-ethyl-2-thiobarbituric acid (Inactin)-anesthetized male rats 7 days after unilateral nephrectomy (Nx) or sham operation (SNx). V, UNaV, and UKV from the hypertrophied kidney were similar before and after RD or sham RD. In contrast, in SNx rats, left RD resulted in an ipsilateral increase in V (from 2.76 +/- 0.39 to 5.31 +/- 0.99 microliters.min-1.g-1), UNaV (from 109 +/- 36 to 857 +/- 331 nmol.min-1.g-1), and UKV (from 144 +/- 44 to 807 +/- 130 nmol.min-1.g-1; P less than 0.05 in all cases). Moreover, renal parameters from the hypertrophied kidney, subjected to either RD or sham RD, were not different from values after RD in SNx rats (V: Nx, sham RD = 5.72 +/- 1.10; Nx, RD = 5.23 +/- 0.66; SNx, RD = 5.31 +/- 0.99 microliters.min-1.g-1; UNaV: Nx, sham RD = 896 +/- 319; Nx, RD = 821 +/- 262; SNx, RD = 857 +/- 331 nmol.min-1.g-1; UKV: Nx, sham RD = 782 +/- 127; Nx, RD = 860 +/- 82; SNx, RD = 807 +/- 130 nmol.min-1.g-1). In additional experiments, integrated renal nerve activity (RNA) to the kidney in Nx and SNx rats was 4.0 +/- 0.3 and 10.7 +/- 0.9 microV (P less than 0.05), respectively.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)  Metallothioneins (MTs) have been implicated in the intracellular regulation of essential metals in eukaryotic cells, and increased expression of MT genes has been demonstrated during the growth and proliferation of cells. To explore the expression of MT in somatic cells undergoing growth (hypertrophy) in the kidney in situ, we measured the rates of transcription of the genes for MT-1 and MT-2, measured the levels of mRNA for MT-1 and MT-2, and measured the concentration of MT-1 and MT-2 protein in samples of renal (and hepatic) tissue from uninephrectomized (NPX) and sham-operated (SO) rats 15 days after surgery. The rates of transcription of the genes for MT-1 and MT-2 were found to be enhanced significantly in the remnant renal mass, particularly in the cortex and outer stripe of the outer medulla, and in the liver, after uninephrectomy and after 15 days allowing for compensatory renal growth. Increased accumulation of mRNA for MT-1 and MT-2 also occurred in the cortex and outer stripe of the outer medulla of the remnant kidney and in the liver in the NPX rats. Increased concentration of MT-1 and MT-2 protein (measured by radioimmunoassay), at the level of the whole kidney, renal cortex, and liver, was another feature detected in rats after uninephrectomy and 15 days of compensatory renal growth. These findings indicate that compensatory renal growth in response to uninephrectomy is associated with the induction of the expression of MT genes in the renal cortex and outer stripe of the outer medulla, as well as in the liver.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)  Brush-border (BBMV) and basolateral membrane vesicles (BLMV) from rat renal cortex exhibit an ecto-ATPase activity that is distinct from other ATPases. We have examined the cellular and regional distribution of this enzyme in rat kidney using antibodies against rat liver ecto-ATPase. In isolated vesicles, the distribution shown by biochemical assays of ATPase activity was confirmed by immunocytochemistry and Western blotting. Indirect immunofluorescence and immunogold labeling showed that brush borders of the S1 and S3 segments of the proximal tubule (PT) were stained, but the S2 segment was negative. Staining was most intense in the S3 segment. The luminal membrane of the initial part of the thin descending limb of Henle also showed a marked staining. Surprisingly, basolateral plasma membranes of PT had no detectable staining. However, the plasma membrane of endothelial cells was heavily stained, both in larger vessels and in peritubular capillaries. Using an antibody against rat thrombomodulin, a marker for endothelial cell plasma membranes, we showed that preparations of BBMV, BLMV, and endocytic vesicles are all contaminated with these membranes. This may explain, at least partially, the biochemically measured ecto-ATPase activity in renal cortical membrane vesicles. Finally, no specific staining in the kidney was found using polyclonal antipeptide antibodies against the “long form” of liver ecto-ATPase, either by immunocytochemistry or by Western blotting. This indicates either that there is no long isoform of the ecto-ATPase in the kidney or that the intracellular domains of the long form are different in the two tissues.  An analysis is presented of the similarities and differences in receptor-effector relationships in the actions of aldosterone and triiodothyronine on the kidney. Both agents augment tubular reabsorption of sodium at different sites in the nephron. Aldosterone acts primarily distally and triiodothyronine, primarily proximally. In both cases, the respective hormone-receptor complexes associate with target cell chromatin and modulate the abundance of specific coding by mRNAs for regulatory proteins. The quantitative relationships between nuclear-receptor occupancy and responses were analyzed by fractional plots in a bounded domain. When applied to the toad bladder, this analysis revealed a parabolic dependence of the increase in transepithelial Na+ transport on the abundance of nuclear of the increase in transepithelial Na+ transport on the abundance of nuclear aldosterone-receptor complexes. In contrast, four independent response parameters (QO2, QO2(t), Na-K-ATPase, alpha-glycerophosphate dehydrogenase) exhibited a hyperbolic dependence on nuclear abundance of T3 in the rat kidney. The observed cosaturation of nuclear occupancy and responses in both systems, for both hormones, implies that the respective high-affinity binding sites are authentic receptors. Further information is needed on the molecular bases of the nonlinear response-occupancy relationships in hormone action on the kidney.  The uptake of inorganic phosphate was studied in an epithelial cell line of renal origin. Phosphate was accumulated through a mechanism with several features of a carrier-mediated process. The influx was accounted for by a saturable Na+-dependent and a nonsaturable Na+-independent process. Kinetic analysis at pH 6.6 and 7.4 suggests that the dibasic form of phosphate is the form transported by the saturable Na+-dependent system. The presence of Na+ in the incubation medium increased Vmax without affecting Km. Arsenate competitively inhibited the Na+-dependent phosphate transport with a Ki of 1.2 mM at 140 mM Na+ and pH 7.4. Other known inhibitors of phosphate reabsorption in the proximal tubule also inhibited phosphate transport by this cell line. Uptake studies from either side of the monolayers indicated that this transport system is preferentially located in the apical membrane of the cultured renal cells. These results show a close similarity between the Na+-dependent phosphate transport system in LLC-PK1 cells and the system present in the apical membrane of the proximal tubular cells.  Neerja Jain gives an overview of an ongoing project designed to help chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients through improved patient empowerment and self-management. Here she outlines the overall programme and tools used for the project, findings of which will be of interest to all renal professionals.  The hanging drop technique is a well-established method used in culture of animal tissues. However, this method has not been used in adult kidney tissue culture yet. This study was to explore the feasibility of using this technique for culturing adult kidney cortex to study the time course of RNA viability in the tubules and vasculature, as well as the tissue structural integrity.In each Petri dish with the plate covered with sterile buffer, a section of mouse renal cortex was cultured within a drop of DMEM culture medium on the inner surface of the lip facing downward. The tissue were then harvested at each specific time points for Real-time PCR analysis and histological studies.The results showed that the mRNA level of most N related transporters and cotransporters were stably maintained within 6 hours in culture, and that the mRNA level of most receptors found in the vasculature and glomeruli were stably maintained for up to 9 days in culture. Paraffin sections of the cultured renal cortex indicated that the tubules began to lose tubular integrity after 6 hours, but the glomeruli and vasculatures were still recognizable up to 9 days in culture.We concluded that adult kidney tissue culture by hanging drop method can be used to study gene expressions in vasculature and glomeruli. It has been established that renal proximal tubule (PT) injury is a primary cause of the development of chronic kidney disease, but the underlying molecular mechanism remains to be defined. Here, we show that cyclophilin D, a mitochondrial matrix protein, in the PT causes kidney fibrogenesis in obstructive nephropathy. Our data suggest that targeting PT cyclophilin D could be beneficial to prevent fibrosis progression.  Experiments were performed to assess the effects of intracerebroventricular (ICV) angiotensin (ANG) III on blood pressure and renal function in rats with normal and high sodium intake and to compare these effects with those produced by ICV ANG II.Male Sprague–Dawley rats on a normal sodium (0.3%) diet and a normal sodium diet plus 1% NaCl as drinking water were administered ANG II and ANG III ICV through a chronically implanted cannula. Blood pressure and renal clearance function responses were measured before and during peptide administrations. The effect of ICV ANG III on the renal efferent nerve activity was also evaluated.ICV injections of ANG II and ANG III at 5 pmol in rats on a normal sodium diet did not significantly alter the blood pressure, but significantly increased renal plasma flow, glomerular filtration rate, urine flow, and absolute and fractional excretions of sodium and potassium. Increased doses of ANG II and III (10, 50 and 100 pmol) significantly increased blood pressure and further enhanced these renal functional indices. Central ANG–III–induced increases in blood pressure and renal functional indices were not significantly different from those produced by ANG II at each corresponding dose. The pressor and renal effects of ANG III were blunted by a specific antagonist, I–ANG III. ICV administration of ANG III decreased the renal efferent nerve activity. In rats with dietary NaCl loading, ICV injections of ANG II and III also significantly enhanced renal function.Centrally administered ANG III is as potent as ANG II in causing pressor and renal effects in rats on normal and high sodium intake. As ANG II, brain ANG III reduced renal efferent nerve activity which may be partly accounted for the augmented renal function.Membrane proteins can be attached to the plasma membrane in several ways. Recently, a mechanism has been described by which a number of cell surface proteins are anchored to the exoplasmic side of the plasma membrane by covalent linkage to glycosyl-phosphatidylinositol (GPI). The growth properties of renal epithelial cells in tissue culture enable free access to apical cell surface and brush border membrane proteins. To study the nature of membrane anchoring of apical plasma membrane enzymes in cultured renal epithelial cells, confluent LLC-PK, OK, NRK, and MDCK epithelia were treated in tissue culture dishes with bacterial phosphatidylinositol-specific phospholipase C (PI-PLC), and the PI-PLC-specific release into the tissue culture medium of the apical membrane enzymes alkaline phosphatase (AP) γ-glutamyl transpeptidase, leucine aminopeptidase trehalase and maltase was determined. Of the five enzymes tested AP and trehalase, already described as GPI-anchored membrane proteins, were specifically released by PI-PLC from intact cell monolayers. Of the four cell lines investigated, LLC-PK1 cells express AP and trehalase which were released by PI-PLC. In OK cells, which lack AP activity, only trehalase was found to have PI-PLC-releaseable enzyme activity. MDCK cells, on the other hand, express AP activity, releaseable by PI-PLC, but no trehalase activity. In studies on the time course of synthesis and reinsertion of AP into the apical membrane of LLC-PK cells after removal by PI-PLC, a 60% recovery of AP activity was obtained only after 7 days. Analysis of protein release by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of culture supernatants after surface labeling with biotin and subsequent Western blotting with streptavidin revealed four protein bands at approximately 130, 90, 30, and 20 kD in LLC-PK cells and five GPI-anchored proteins at 110 85 65 40 and 26 kD in OK cultures. The finding of a PI-PLC-specific release of apical membrane enzymes from renal tubular cell lines of different species (pig, opossum, rat, and dog) and of different nephron origin indicates a high conservation of the GPI anchor of renal brush border membrane proteins and further proves the high degree of differentiation retained by the cell lines in tissue culture. In addition, this method may provide a possible tool for isolating GPI-anchored apical membrane proteins from intact epithelial monolayer cultures.Immunocytochemical and cryoultramicrotomy techniques were applied to label endogenous as well as intravenously injected calcitonin (CT) in rat kidney. Endogenous CT was located to the membranes of the brush border, endocytotic invaginations and vacuoles and dense apical tubules suggesting degradation at the brush border and/or within endocytotic vacuoles after glomerular filtration of endogeneous CT There was no labeling at the basolateral membranes indicating that possible basolateral binding sites are of minor quantitative importance in degradation. After injection of human CT there was an additional labeling of lysosomes whereas injection of insulin did not change the labeling pattern for endogenous CT indicating that the uptake of CT involves specific binding sites. Quantitative immunocytochemistry after injection of h-CT applying monoclonal antibodies against two different fragments of CT showed that the relative amounts of these fragments differed in vacuoles and lysosomes from that observed in the brush border, but no difference was seen in dense apical tubules. This suggests that injected CT may be degraded both at the brush border, within endocytotic vacuoles and lysosomes and that some fragments are more sensitive to hydrolysis in lysosomes than others. Furthermore, it indicates an early formation of dense apical tubules before detectable degradation of CT occurs in endocytotic vacuoles.End stage renal disease (ESRD) invariably leads to anemia which has been mainly attributed to compromised release of erythropoietin from the defective kidneys with subsequent impairment of erythropoiesis. However, erythropoietin replacement only partially reverses anemia pointing to the involvement of additional mechanisms. As shown more recently, anemia of ESRD is indeed in large part a result of accelerated erythrocyte loss due to suicidal erythrocyte death or eryptosis, characterized by cell shrinkage and cell membrane scrambling with phosphatidylserine translocation to the cell surface. Phosphatidylserine exposing erythrocytes are bound to and engulfed by macrophages and are thus rapidly cleared from circulating blood. If the loss of erythrocytes cannot be fully compensated by enhanced erythropoiesis, stimulation of eryptosis leads to anemia. Eryptotic erythrocytes may further adhere to the vascular wall and thus impair microcirculation. Stimulators of eryptosis include complement, hyperosmotic shock, energy depletion, oxidative stress, and a wide variety of xenobiotics. Signaling involved in the stimulation of eryptosis includes increase of cytosolic C activity, ceramide, caspases, calpain, p38 kinase, protein kinase C, Janus-activated kinase 3, casein kinase 1α, and cyclin-dependent kinase 4. Eryptosis is inhibited by AMP-activated kinase, p21-activated kinase 2, cGMP-dependent protein kinase, mitogen- and stress-activated kinase MSK1/2, and some illdefined tyrosine kinases. In ESRD eryptosis is stimulated at least in part by a plasma component, as it is triggered by exposure of erythrocytes from healthy individuals to plasma from ESRD patients. Several eryptosis-stimulating uremic toxins have been identified, such as vanadate, acrolein, methylglyoxal, indoxyl sulfate, indole-3-acetic acid and phosphate. Attempts to fully reverse anemia in ESRD with excessive stimulation of erythropoiesis enhances the number of circulating suicidal erythrocytes and bears the risk of interference with micocirculation, At least in theory, anemia in ESRD could preferably be treated with replacement of erythropoietin and additional inhibition of eryptosis thus avoiding eryptosis-induced impairment of microcirculation. A variety of eryptosis inhibitors have been identified, their efficacy in ESRD remains, however, to be shown.Management of patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) emphasizes a current level of function as calculated from the modification of diet in renal disease glomerulofiltration rate equations (eGFR) and proteinuria for staging of CKD. Change in a patient’s eGFR over time (renal function trajectory) is an additional and potentially more important consideration in deciding which patients will progress to the point where they will require renal replacement therapy (RRT). Many patients with CKD 3–5 have stable renal function for years. Proteinuria/albuminuria is a primary determinant of renal trajectory which may be slowed by medications that decrease proteinuria and/or aggressively lower blood pressure. A renal trajectory of 3 ml/min/1.73 /year may relate to a need for closer renal follow-up and increased morbidity and mortality. Additional CKD population-based studies need to examine the relationship of renal trajectory to: baseline renal function; acute kidney injury episodes; age, race, sex and primary etiologies of renal disease; blood pressure control and therapies; dietary protein intake; blood glucose control in diabetics and the competitive risk of death versus the requirement for renal replacement therapy. In the elderly CKD 4 population with significant comorbidities and slow decline in renal function, the likelihood of death prior to the need for RRT should be considered before placing AV access for dialysis. Prediction models of renal progression must account for the competitive risk of death as well as stable or improved renal function to be clinically useful.Acute and chronic kidney diseases are major contributors to morbidity and mortality in the global population. Many nephropathies are considered to be immune-mediated with dysregulated immune responses playing an important role in the pathogenesis. At present, targeted approaches for many kidney diseases are still lacking, as the underlying mechanisms remain insufficiently understood. With the recent development of organoids—a three-dimensional, multicellular culture system, which recapitulates important aspects of human tissues—new opportunities to investigate interactions between renal cells and immune cells in the pathogenesis of kidney diseases arise. To date, kidney organoid systems, which reflect the structure and closer resemble critical aspects of the organ, have been established. Here, we highlight the recent advances in the development of kidney organoid models, including pluripotent stem cell-derived kidney organoids and primary epithelial cell-based tubuloids. The employment and further required advances of current organoid models are discussed to investigate the role of the immune system in renal tissue development, regeneration, and inflammation to identify targets for the development of novel therapeutic approaches of immune-mediated kidney diseases. Total kidney volume (TKV) is a valuable readout in preclinical studies for autosomal dominant and autosomal recessive polycystic kidney diseases (ADPKD and ARPKD). Since conventional TKV assessment by manual contouring of kidney areas in all images is time-consuming, we developed a template-based semiautomatic image segmentation method (SAM) and validated it in three commonly used ADPKD and ARPKD models. SAM-based TKV measurements were fast, highly reproducible, and accurate across mouse and rat ARPKD and ADPKD models. When incubated in isosmotic oxygenated medium in which chloride was completely replaced by gluconate, rabbit renal cortical slices lost chloride with sodium, potassium and water before reaching a new steady-state composition after 15–30 min. When corrected for extracellular space, there was an electroneutral loss of alkali metal cations (Na+K) with chloride, accompanied by isosmotic loss of water from the cells. The losses of chloride and water were independent of medium pH over the range of 6.4–8.2, and were the same with potassium rather than sodium as the dominant medium cation. Incubation in isosmotic sodium chloride medium restored tissue composition of slices transferred from gluconate medium. This recovery was not dependent specifically upon medium chloride, for slice water content also recovered when nitrate rather than chloride was substituted for medium gluconate. With sodium completely replaced by n-methyl -glucamine (nmdG), cells in slices lost far more sodium and potassium than chloride before reaching a new steady-state composition after some 30 min. However, the loss of water was as predicted from the total losses of measured inorganic ions. With sodium and chloride completely replaced by nmdG and gluconate, there was a greater loss of water than found with unilateral substitutions. Again, the combined loss of diffusible inorganic cations exceeded the loss of chloride but the water loss was that expected for isosmotic loss accompanying the measured losses of ions. These results reveal that both gluconate and nmdG behave as impermeant ions in this tissue preparation. It is suggested that, in the absence of medium sodium, sodium-hydrogen exchange is inhibited. Retained hydrogen ions are buffered on charged cellular non-diffusible solutes and the associated hydroxyl (or bicarbonate) ions are lost from the cells accompanied by the inorganic univalent cations lost in excess of chloride in nmdG medium.OBJECTIVE:
To determine cut off value of procalciton (PCT) in aseptic end stage renal disease patients undergoing haemodialysis.
BACKGROUND:
Haemodialysisis considered as a proinflammatory state and therefore associated with release of inflammatory cytokines and acute phase reactant proteins. The conventional laboratory markers (C-reactive protein, erythrocyte sedimentation rate) are efficient tools for the diagnosis of infection in patients with normal kidney functions. However they can be nonspecifically elevated in patients on haemodialysis and only reflect inflammatory response not associated with infection. PCT is considered a very important biomarker in differentiating infections from inflammation. The study was undertaken to evaluate normal serum levels of PCT in patients undergoing HD.PATIENTS AND METHOD: The study included 82 end-stage renal failure patients without evidence of systemic or localized infection undergoing maintenance haemodialysis.
RESULTS: In our study, the PCT concentrations showed a mean of .622ng/ml in patients on maintenance hemodialysis without signs of infection.
CONCLUSION:The study suggests that serum PCT at a cutoff value of .62ng/ml should be considered normal in aseptic haemodialysis patients.
KEYWORDS:Procalcitonin, haemodialysis, sepsisServo-controlled fluid and sodium replacement during clearance studies is used in order to prevent loss of body fluid and sodium following diuretic/natriuretic procedures. However, even under control conditions, the use of this technique is sometimes associated with increases in proximal tubular fluid output (assessed by lithium clearance) and excretion rates. The present study examined the reason for these increases. The first series of experiments showed that one cause is volume overloading. This can occur if the servo system is activated from the start, i.e., during the establishment of a suitably high urine flow rate by constant infusion of hypotonic glucose solution. The second series of experiments showed that replacement of blood samples with donor blood can also lead to increases in fractional lithium excretion and accompanying increases in water and sodium excretion, a problem not seen when blood samples are replaced with the animal’s own red blood cells resuspended in isotonic saline. When these pitfalls are avoided, servo-controlled sodium and fluid replacement is a reliable technique that makes it possible to study the effects of natriuretic and/or diuretic stimuli without interference from unwanted changes in extracellular volume.Cathepsin B (cathB) is a lysosome cysteine proteinase. It has been suggested to process prorenin to renin in the renin producing juxtaglomerular (JG) cells of the afferent arterioles (AA) of the kidney. Whether cathB expression is regulated similarly to prorenin production is yet unknown. We have measured prorenin and cathB mRNA levels as well as cathB protein levels in renal AA of Sprague-Dawley rats subjected to low (0.02% w/w) salt diet and ramipril treatment (10 mg/kg/day), or to normal (0.6%) or high (4%) salt diet. Prorenin and cathB expression were also analyzed in the JG cell line As4.1. Prorenin mRNA levels in animals on normal (plus ramipril), low or high salt diet correlated as 1:10:0.5, respectively, while cathB mRNA levels correlated as 1:1:0.6, respectively. Treatment of the As4.1 cells with 100phorbol-12-myristate-13-acetate (PMA) for 16 h inhibited prorenin mRNA expression 3-fold relative to the control conditions. CathB mRNA abundance was not different between the PMA treated and the control As4.1 cells. Western analysis of the cathB protein abundance has shown no difference between the rats on normal and low salt diet, and decrease by 50% in the rats on high salt diet. The results of this study suggest that prorenin and cathB gene expression in renal JG cells are differentially regulated.Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), a lipid mediator produced by the cyclooxygenase enzyme system, is the main prostaglandin in the kidney. PGE2 is involved in various physiological and pathophysiological processes in the kidney, including renal hemodynamics, water and salt balance, and renal fibrosis—a key pathological feature of progressive kidney diseases. PGE2 functions by binding to four G-protein-coupled EP receptors (EP1 to EP4), which stimulate different intracellular signaling pathways. The intrarenal distribution of the four EP receptors as well as the different downstream signaling pathways associated with each receptor give rise to the distinct functional consequence of activating each receptor subtype. This review summarizes the current data on the renal expression of the four EP receptors and delineates the role of each receptor in renal fibrosis.Urinary and renal rK1-kallikrein was studied in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) and their normotensive controls (WKY). It was demonstrated that the antiserum used for kallikrein radioimmunoassay (RIA) reacts with rK1- but not with rK7-protein. The specificity of the kininogenase assay was tested: rK7 had only 8% of the activity of rK1. Urinary kallikrein excretion by RIA was reduced by about two thirds in 5-week-old SHR compared WKY (11.5 versus 37.1µg/24h). On the contrary, the kidney content of rK1-kallikrein by RIA was increased by 40% in these rats (11.6 versus 8.4 ng/mg protein). The increase in kidney rK1 was confirmed by kininogenase assays. The same pattern of reduced urinary and increased renal rK1-kallikrein was observed in 8-week-old SHR rats. Kidney rK1-kallikrein mRNA tended to be lower (0.10p0.05) in SHR compared to WKY rats, suggesting that the increased kidney rK1 content is not due to increased rK1 synthesis. We hypothesize that the combination of high kidney content and low urinary excretion may be due to a defective mechanism for secretion of rK1 into the urine by tubular epithelial cells.The early effect of triiodothyronine (T) on renal handling of K and Na+ in hypo-thyroid and euthyroid rats was studied. Individual rats were kept in metabolic cages. Sodium and potassium intake as well as urinary Na+/K+ ratio and excretion were determined daily for the first 2 days after one injection of T was administered to hypothyroid and euthyroid rats. Pre- and post-injection values for the urinary N ratios in the hypothyroid rats were consistently higher than the euthyroid rat. However, in both hypothyroid and euthyroid rats, no change in K and N intake, K and Na+ excretion, and urinary N ratio was observed at 24 or 48 h after T injection. The results of these studies suggest the absence of an early response of aldosterone secretion to T.Mucinous tubular and spindle cell carcinoma (MTSCC) is a recent entity introduced in the World Health Organization 2004 Classification. It is a tumour of low malignant potential. MTSCC is a subtype of renal cell carcinoma (RCC), which is characterized by a polymorphous histology, wherein the spindled epithelial cell is an inherent carcinomatous component. We report the case of a 57-year-old man presenting with loin pain and dragging sensation. Imaging revealed a large mass arising from the left kidney. Radical nephrectomy was performed, and histopathology revealed spindle cell elements of MTSCC with low-grade cytology, which occasionally blended with tubular structures in variable mucinous stroma admixed with spindle sarcomatoid cells with marked nuclear pleomorphism, associated with significant necrosis and mitoses of up to 5/10 high-power field. A final diagnosis of MTSCC along with high-grade areas consistent with sarcomatoid dedifferentiation was made. Sarcomatoid dedifferentiation has been well documented in various subtypes of RCC, and its presence signifies a worse prognosis in RCC. We investigated angiotensin II and nitric oxide-cGMP pathway in the development of hypertension and renal damage in chronic experimental nephritis.Rats with autoimmune nephritis were treated for 12 weeks with AT1 receptor antagonist L-158,809 and/or ACE inhibitor captopril given in drinking water. Blood pressure, urinary albumin, and urinary excretion of cGMP were measured. Renal density of ACE, AT1 and AT2 receptors was determined by quantitative in vitro autoradiography.L-158,809, captopril, and their combination decreased blood pressure and normalised urinary albumin excretion rate in rats with nephritis. In L-158,809-treated rats, cGMP excretion was increased compared to the vehicle-treated nephritic group suggesting that the dysfunctional nitric oxide system may be activated by angiotensin antagonism. In nephritic rats, AT1 and AT2 receptor binding densities in renal medulla were decreased, cortical AT receptor expression remained unchanged. Following L-158,809 treatment, both AT1 and AT2 receptor binding was suppressed.Long-term blockade of AT1 receptors in chronic nephritis has beneficial effects both on albuminuria and blood pressure being as effective as ACE inhibition or their combination. The stimulatory effect of AT1 receptor antagonism on cGMP production was not mediated by AT2 receptor-dependent mechanisms suggesting that AT1 receptor blockade per se favours activation of humoral pathways that stimulate cGMP production and potentially contribute to renal protection in chronic nephritis.The endogenous neutral steroids in early and mid-term (gestational age 10-14 weeks) human foetal kidneys were investigated. Fractions of unconjugated and mono- and disulphated neutral steroids were studied separately. No unconjugated compounds were detected, but the following steroid monosulphates were found: dehydroandrosterone, 5-androstene3β,17α-diol, 5-androstene-3β,17β-diol, 16α-hydroxydehydroepiandrosterone, 16β-hydroxydehydroandrosterone, 3β,17β-dihydroxy-5-androsten-16-one, pregnenolone, 5-pregnene-3β,20α-diol, 16α-hydroxypregnenolone and 17α-hydroxypregnenolone. In addition, the following compounds were present, as disulphates: 5-androstene-3β,17α-diol, 5-androstene-3β,17β-diol and 5-pregnene-3β,20α-diol.Quantitatively, dehydroandrosterone, 16α-hydroxydehydroandrosterone and pregnenolone in the monosulphate fraction and 5-androstene-3β,17α-diol in the disulphate fraction were the main steroids found. Furthermore, in vitro incubations with minced or homogenized foetal kidney tissue demonstrated the following enzyme activities: 16α-hydroxylase, 17β-reductase, 20α-reductase and sulphokinase. In the incubations, dehydroandrosterone, pregnenolone and their sulphate conjugates were used as substrates. The role of the foetal kidneys in the metabolism of neutral steroids during early and mid-pregnancy is discussed.Intracellular pH (pH) of intact rat renal cortex was estimated using [C]-5,5-dimethyl-2,4-oxazolidinedione andunder conditions of metabolic acidosis and alkalosis, potassium depletion and carbonic anhydrase inhibition. In metabolic acidosis and alkolosis, pH and bicarbonate concentration changed in the same direction as occurred in plasma. In potassium depletion, systemic acid-base balance was unaltered but a marked intracellular acidosis developed. Carbonic anhydrase inhibition with acetazolamide was associated with an extracellular respiratory acidosis and a rise in intracellular bicarbonate concentration. Another carbonic anhydrase inhibitor, benzolamide, caused no change in systemic acid-base state but produced a decrease in intracellular bicarbonate concentration. When appropriate corrections were made for predicted change in tubular fluid bicarbonate and for intracellular sodium, modification in the absolute values of the above changes occurred but the directions of the changes in pH and bicarbonate concentration were unaltered.A decrease of glomerular filtration rate can be observed during accelerated catabolism of ATP in kidney. It has been proposed that this effect is due to the increase in the renal production of adenosine from ATP. The last reaction in the pathway concerned is the conversion of 5’-AMP to adenosine. We found that brush border membranes purified from homogenates of the rat renal cortex carry out this reaction. The enzyme involved in the hydrolysis has the characteristic properties of ecto-5’-nucleotidases: It is inhibited by ATP, ADP, and by α, β-methyleneadenosine-5’-diphosphate, and it is not stimulated by magnesium. All catalytic sites are accessible from the outside of the vesicles. The K of the enzyme for 5’-AMP is 5.77 µ. The enrichment of the 5’-AMP-hydrolyzing activity in the brush border fraction as compared to the homogenate is 9.2 ± 1.5 times. Histochemical staining of kidney sections reveals hydrolysis of 5’-AMP only at the brush border of the proximal tubule. We conclude that the brush border of the proximal tubule of the rat kidney possesses an ecto-5’-nucleotidase which has the same properties as the ecto-5’-nucleotidases in other tissues.Although it is recognized that vasodilator-induced increases in renal plasma flow are not associated with increases in glomerular filtration rate (GFR), the mechanism responsible for the failure of GFR to exhibit plasma flow dependency under these circumstances remains uncertain. To evaluate this problem further, the effects of intra-arterial infusion of two vasodilators, bradykinin (n = 7) and papaverine (n = 6), on renal hemodynamics and glomerular function of dogs were determined. Both agents increased renal blood flow; however, GFR and single nephron GFR (SNGFR) remained unchanged during bradykinin infusion and decreased significantly during papaverine infusion. Transglomerular hydrostatic pressure and mean effective filtration pressure were not altered during bradykinin infusion but were significantly reduced by papaverine. Neither agent altered the glomerular filtration coefficient. These observations indicate that, in the dog, the GFR responses during renal vasodilation are dependent primarily on the effective filtration pressure.The influences of renal function and mass on the catabolism of serum gastrin were studied in 27 patients with hypertension caused by unilateral parenchymal renal disease (77.8%), renal artery stenosis (11.1%) and essential hypertension (11.1%). Blood for gastrin analysis was taken by catheterization from the aorta, inferior vena cava, renal veins and cubital vein. Separate renal functions were measured using radioisotope methods and the renal mass was also calculated. Significant differences (p0.001) in serum gastrin concentration between the aorta (29.5 ± 6.7pmol/l), inferior vena cava (23.4 ± 5.8 pmol/l) and cubital vein (19.4 ± 4.5 pmol/l) were found. Extrarenal gastrin extraction amounted to 12.5% and was considerably lower than renal gastrin extraction (20.5%). There was a significant positive correlation between renal gastrin extraction and renal blood flow or renal functional mass. Kidneys have an important, but not exclusive, role in the catabolism of endogenous gastrin in humans. In the catabolism of some, or at least some molecular forms of, gastrin, the capillary systems of extrarenal tissues have an important role.This investigation describes the evolution of functional and morphological changes in the kidney of female spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR; 5–90 weeks) and control animals of the same genetic strain, Wistar-Kyoto (WKY). Systolic blood pressure in SHR was 162.0 ± (SD) 14.1 mm Hg up to 45 weeks, then increased to 189.4 ± (SD) 16.6 mm Hg (50–90 weeks). Blood pressure in WKY controls remained constant (117.8 ± 13.6 mm Hg, 5–100 weeks). Protein excretion in the SHR was higher than controls (1.5 ± 0.5 mg/24 h x 100 g BW, 5–100 weeks) from week 30 on. At 90 weeks, excretion rose to 26.1 ± 9.8 mg/24 h x 100 g BW and is predominately an albuminuria. After 70 weeks superficial tubular fluid albumin concentration in the SHR is significantly increased (p0.001) over controls. Microscopic changes were evident in glomeruli, tubules, interstitium and arterial vessels at 72–90 weeks and demonstrated an increasing gradient of severity from outer to inner cortex. Glomeruli show sclerosis, fibrinoid necrosis and pericapsular fibrosis. Glomeruli studied with a polyanionic stain revealed a marked decrease in staining affinity of deep, compared to superficial glomeruli. The arterial lesions consisted of thickening of the intima and hyperplasia of the media. WKY kidneys were unremarkable. The selectivity of renal injury and proteinuria in the female SHR is similar to that in the male SHR. However, the evolution of these changes is delayed and may be related to a lower blood pressure until 50 weeks of age.The purpose of this study was to define individual nephron function and salt and fluid reabsorption in the term pregnant rat utilizing standard micropuncture techniques. The studies were performed at the time of maximal sodium retention and when extracellular fluid volume was significantly increased. During micropuncture in 7 pregnant and 9 non-pregnant rats, we found no difference, respectively, in GFR 1.04 + 0.06 vs. 1.13 ± 0.06 ml/min/kidney or nephron GFR 35 ± 0.9 vs. 33 ± 1 ml/min. Fractional and absolute Na reabsorption was also not significantly different in the proximal tubule or the loop of Henle. Along the distal tubule, fractional reabsorption was higher in pregnancy, 71 + 3 vs. 62 + 4 but not statistically different, 0.05p0.10. Beyond the late distal tubule absolute delivery and reabsorption were greater in the nonpregnant rats. Distal nephron potassium secretion was similar in both groups. In anesthetized rats during clearance studies but without surgery for micropuncture, GFR in the pregnant group was significantly higher than the nonpregnant rats, 1.65 + 0.06 vs. 1.28 + 1.10ml/min/kidneys as was tubular reabsorption of sodium. We conclude that pregnant rats exhibit glomerular tubular balance and that potassium handling along the superficial nephron is unaffected by pregnancy. The sodium retention of pregnancy appears to occur because of the failure of inhibition of tubular sodium reabsorption, a response which is normally expected when extracellular volume is expanded. Renal transplant recipients (RTR) and patients with native chronic kidney disease (CKD) have similar complications. It is not known how the management of CKD in RTR differs from that of patients with native CKD. This study compares the management of complications related to CKD between RTR and patients with native CKD.Cross-sectional study of all RTR with stage 4 or 5 CKD (n = 72). The control group consisted of 72 native CKD patients matched by glomerular filtration rate (within 2 ml/min/1.73 ). Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to account for potential confounding variables.Multivariate analysis revealed RTR to more likely have uncontrolled hypertension (adjusted odds ratio AOR 3.8; 95% confidence interval CI 1.3–10.7), less likely to be on angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (AOR 0.11; 95% CI 0.04–0.32), more likely to be anemic and not be on erythropoietin (AOR 6.4; 95% CI 0.99–41.9), and more likely to have dyslipidemia and not be on statin (AOR 4.3; 95% CI 1.4–13.4).This study suggests that the management of non-RTR in a multidisciplinary CKD clinic differs significantly from the CKD management in a traditional transplant clinic. A disease management approach like a multidisciplinary clinic may be an appropriate model for the future.Following an overview of the biochemistry of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways, the relevance of these signaling events to specific models of renal cell function and pathophysiology, both in vitro and in vivo, will be emphasized. In in vitro model systems, events activating the principal MAPK families [extracellular signal-regulated and c-Jun NH-terminal kinase and p38] have been best characterized in mesangial and tubular epithelial cell culture systems and include peptide mitogens, cytokines, lipid mediators, and physical stressors. Several in vivo models of proliferative or toxic renal injury are also associated with aberrant MAPK regulation. It is anticipated that elucidation of downstream effector signaling mechanisms and a clearer understanding of the immediate and remote upstream activating pathways, when applied to these highly clinically relevant model systems, will ultimately provide much greater insight into the basis for specificity now seemingly absent from these signaling events. After 18 years with a transplanted kidney, Christopher Adams received the terrible news that his organ was starting to fail and reject. Knowing his brother was struggling with renal failure, Steven Adams was found to be a match and donated a kidney to him. Both brothers are now living well. Ultrasonographically measured renal cortical echogenicity (RCE) is known to increase in chronic kidney disease (CKD) and of value in predicting the degree of renal function impairment. Renal function is routinely assessed by serum creatinine levels (Scr) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). The aim of the study was to evaluate the association of RCE with Scr and eGFR in CKD subjects. The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is defined by a set of metabolic risk factors, including insulin resistance, central obesity, dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia, and hypertension for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Although both retrospective and prospective clinical studies have revealed that MetS is associated with chronic renal disease, even with a nondiabetic cause, the cellular and molecular mechanisms in this association remain largely uncharacterized. Recently, increasing evidence suggests that peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), a subgroup of the nuclear hormone receptor superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, may play an important role in the pathogenesis of MetS. All three members of the PPAR nuclear receptor subfamily, PPARα, -β/δ, and -γ, are critical in regulating insulin sensitivity, adipogenesis, lipid metabolism, inflammation, and blood pressure. PPARs have also been implicated in many renal pathophysiological conditions, including diabetic nephropathy and glomerulosclerosis. Ligands for PPARs such as hypolipidemic PPARα activators, and antidiabetic thiazolidinedione PPARγ agonists affect not only diverse aspects of MetS but also renal disease progression. Emerging data suggest that PPARs may be potential therapeutic targets for MetS and its related renal complications. This review focuses on current knowledge of the role of PPARs in MetS and discusses the potential therapeutic utility of PPAR modulators in the treatment of kidney diseases associated with MetS. Introduction: New-onset diabetes mellitus after transplantation (NODAT) is a common complication of organ transplantation, leading to allograft dysfunction. Genetic alterations of inflammatory cytokines have been reported to be associated with glucose homeostasis and diabetes. Objectives: This study evaluated the rs763780 polymorphism of IL-17F gene in transplant recipients with and without NODAT. Patients and Methods: The present retrospective study was conducted on ninety-one patients who have had a kidney transplant for at least three months. Patients were divided into two subgroups; recipients with NODAT (n=32) and kidney recipients without NODAT (n=59). After DNA extraction from patients’ blood samples, amplification and evaluation of specific polymorphism of the gene were performed using amplification refractory mutation system-polymerase chain reaction (ARMS-PCR). Clinical and demographic data of patients were collected. Results: The NODAT was detected in 81.3% (n=26) of TT genotype carriers, 12.5% of TC genotype carriers and 6.3% of CC genotype carriers. No statistically significant differences between the studied groups in the frequency of C and T alleles and the distribution of the abovementioned genotypes were detected (P≥0.721). In the NODAT group, graft rejection and age of patients were higher significantly (P≤0.017). Conclusion: No significant correlation between the incidence of diabetes and rs763780 polymorphism of IL-17F gene was observed.Background: Impaired renal function was not a recognized indication for renal biopsy. The effects of receiving renal biopsy on the renal functional prognosis for chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients with impaired renal function need to be explored.Methods: This study retrospectively enrolled 300 renal function impaired CKD patients in Renji Hospital from January 2015 to December 2017, 150 of them received percutaneous renal biopsy while the others did not. The endpoint was ≥50% estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) decline from baseline or development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Kaplan-Meier analysis with log-rank test was performed to compare the renal survival probability between patients receiving renal biopsy or not. Univariate and multivariate analysis with Cox regression were conducted with predictors of poor renal outcomes in the study cohort.Results: The median follow-up period was 37.6 months. During the follow-up period, the eGFR of the biopsy group increased from 52.2±14.4 to 67.4±37.8 ml/min/1.73m², but decreased from 55.3±17.1 to 29.8±19.1 ml/min/1.73m² in the non-biopsy group. Patients who received renal biopsy had significantly higher renal survival probability (P0.001). Cox regression analysis revealed that 24-hour urine protein excretion (24h UPE) more than 1g/d was an independent predictor for poor renal outcomes in the non-biopsy group but not in the renal biopsy group (HR=1.719, P=0.040). Conclusion: CKD patients with impaired renal function are recommended to receive renal biopsy to make pathological diagnoses, especially for those with the 24-hour urine protein excretion more than 1g/d.The apical secretory K(SK) channel in the principal cell represents the rate-limiting step for Ksecretion across the cortical collecting duct (CCD). Patch clamp analysis of maturing rabbit principal cells identifies an increase in number of conducting SK channels after the 2nd week of life [L. M. Satlin and L. G. Palmer. Am. J. Physiol. 272 ( Renal Physiol. 41): F397–F404, 1997], ∼1 wk after an increase in activity of the amiloride-sensitive epithelial Nachannel (ENaC) is detected. To correlate the postnatal increase in channel activity with developmental expression of ROMK, the molecular correlate of the SK channel, we used gene-specific probes to show a developmental increase in abundance of renal ROMK mRNA and a ROMK-specific antibody to examine the nephron distribution, localization, and abundance of this protein in developing rat kidney. Using antibodies directed against aquaporin-3 (AQP-3) and Tamm-Horsfall protein (THP), we confirmed that ROMK was expressed along the apical membranes of principal cells and thick ascending limbs of Henle (TALH) in adult kidney. Within the midcortex of the neonatal kidney, ROMK-positive segments revealed weak coincident staining with the TALH-specific antibody but did not colabel with an antibody directed against distal and connecting tubule (CNT)-specific kallikrein or the lectin Dolichos biflorus agglutinin (DBA), which labels proximal tubules and collecting ducts. In inner cortex and outer medulla of kidneys from 1-wk-old animals, ROMK protein was identified in medullary TALH (MTALH) and DBA-positive collecting ducts. By 3 wk of age, coincident ROMK and DBA expression was detected in midcortical and outer cortical CNTs and CCDs. Immunoblot analysis of plasma membrane-enriched fractions of maturing rat kidney revealed a developmental increase in a ∼40-kDa band, the expected size for ROMK. Immunolocalization of α-ENaC showed apical staining of a majority of cells in distal nephron segments after the 1st week of postnatal life. The β- and γ-ENaC subunit expression was routinely detected in a mostly cytoplasmic distribution immediately after birth, albeit in low abundance; γ-ENaC showed some apical polarization. These results suggest that the postnatal increases in a principal cell apical SK and Nachannel activity are mediated, at least in part, by increases in abundance of ROMK message and protein and ENaC subunit proteins.Chloride channels in the kidney are involved in important physiological functions such as cell volume regulation, acidification of intracellular vesicles, and transepithelial chloride transport. Among eight mammalian CLC chloride channels expressed in the kidney, three (CLC-K1, CLC-K2, and CLC-5) were identified to be related to kidney diseases in humans or mice. CLC-K1 mediates a transepithelial chloride transport in the thin ascending limb of Henle's loop and is essential for urinary concentrating mechanisms. CLC-K2 is a basolateral chloride channel in distal nephron segments and is necessary for chloride reabsorption. CLC-5 is a chloride channel in intracellular vesicles of proximal tubules and is involved in endocytosis. This review will cover the recent advances in research on the CLC chloride channels of the kidney with a special focus on the issues most necessary to understand their physiological roles in vivo, i.e., their intrarenal and cellular localization and their phenotypes of humans and mice that have their loss-of-function mutations.Prostaglandin Eis a major renal cyclooxygenase metabolite of arachidonate and interacts with four G protein-coupled E-prostanoid receptors designated EP, EP, EP, and EP. Through these receptors, PGEmodulates renal hemodynamics and salt and water excretion. The intrarenal distribution and function of EP receptors have been partially characterized, and each receptor has a distinct role. EPexpression predominates in the collecting duct where it inhibits Naabsorption, contributing to natriuresis. The EPreceptor regulates vascular reactivity, and EPreceptor-knockout mice have salt-sensitive hypertension. The EPreceptor is also expressed in vessels as well as in the thick ascending limb and collecting duct, where it antagonizes vasopressin-stimulated salt and water transport. EPmRNA is expressed in the glomerulus and collecting duct and may regulate glomerular tone and renal renin release. The capacity of PGEto bidirectionally modulate vascular tone and epithelial transport via constrictor EPand EPreceptors vs. dilator EPand EPreceptors allows PGEto serve as a buffer, preventing excessive responses to physiological perturbations. Ammonia, an important urinary buffer in mammals, is synthesized primarily in the proximal tubules and is transferred to the final urine by a sequence of specialized transport processes. The pathway of ammonia transfer to the urine involves secretion into the proximal tubules, absorption from the loops of Henle, accumulation in the renal medullary interstitium, and secretion into the collecting ducts. Ammonia is transported as NH3 at some nephron sites and as NH+4 at others. In this paper, we discuss the physical basis of NH3 and NH+4 transport in epithelia and then describe ammonia transport mechanisms in individual nephron segments. Information about ammonia transport in individual nephron segments from isolated perfused tubule studies is integrated with data from in vivo studies to obtain an expanded overall model of renal ammonia handling. In situ hybridization studies demonstrated that Naexchanger NHE8 is expressed in kidney proximal tubules. Although membrane fractionation studies suggested apical brush-border localization, precise membrane localization could not be definitively established. The goal of the present study was to develop isoform-specific NHE8 antibodies as a tool to directly establish the localization of NHE8 protein in the kidney by immunocytochemistry. Toward this goal, two sets of antibodies that label different NHE8 epitopes were developed. Monoclonal antibody 7A11 and polyclonal antibody Rab65 both specifically labeled NHE8 by Western blotting as well as by immunofluorescence microscopy. The immunolocalization pattern in the kidney seen with both antibodies was the same, thereby validating NHE8 specificity. In particular, NHE8 expression was observed on the apical brush-border membrane of all proximal tubules from S1 to S3. The most intense staining was evident in proximal tubules in the deeper cortex and medulla with a significant but somewhat weaker staining in superficial proximal tubules. Colocalization studies with γ-glutamyltranspeptidase and megalin indicated expression of NHE8 on both the microvillar surface membrane and the coated-pit region of proximal tubule cells, suggesting that NHE8 may be subject to endocytic retrieval and recycling. Although colocalizing in the proximal tubule with NHE3, no significant alteration in NHE8 protein expression was evident in NHE3-null mice. We conclude that NHE8 is expressed on the apical brush-border membrane of proximal tubule cells, where it may play a role in mediating or regulating ion transport in this nephron segment.Severe hypertension of at least 7 years' duration, due to coarctation of the right renal artery, was treated by reconstruction of the abnormal artery and restoration of blood flow to the coarcted kidney. Renal biopsies revealed normal microscopic architecture in the right kidney and advanced hypertensive pathology in the opposite kidney. After 8 months' observation of persistent, moderate hypertension, the left kidney was removed with prompt return of blood pressure to normal levels during the subsequent 2½ years.These observations demonstrate the precise correlation of hypertension due to renal artery stenosis in the human with the experimental model in rats. This new series, written by Albertina M Velho and Rochelle M Velho, looks at the kidney as a whole—its structure as well as its function. In this first instalment, the authors explain how the development of the urinary and genital systems are closely related and how the development of the kidneys in the fetus, through a series of successive phases, is marked by the emergence of a more and more advanced kidney. The authors then give an overview of congenital anomalies that may arise during this development and how these lead to problems and diseases of the kidney later.  Kate Shepherd, Sarah Watson and Emma Murphy discuss the development of specialist renal palliative care roles, and the aims of conservative care pathways for patients with chronic kidney disease who do not wish to pursue renal replacement therapy. The effect of nicardipine, a Ca channel blocker, on autoregulation of renal blood flow and perfusion pressure-vascular resistance relationship has been investigated in perfused kidneys of anaesthetized dogs. In control animals excellent autoregulation of renal blood flow and pressure-dependent elevation of vascular resistance were observed above 100 mmHg of perfusion pressure. However, intra-arterial infusion of nicardipine at doses of 3 and 10 μg min−1 showed dose-dependent impairment of the autoregulatory response and of elevation of vascular resistance. Infusion of nicardipine (2.5 μg min−1) into the renal artery also inhibited renal vasoconstriction induced by YC-170, a Ca channel activator. These results suggest that the inhibitory effect of nicardipine upon renal autoregulation may be due to its Ca2+ channel blocking action.The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) folds and modifies proteins; however, during conditions of cellular stress, unfolded proteins accumulate in the ER and activate the unfolded protein response (UPR). The UPR, also referred to as the ER stress response, activates three distinct signaling cascades that are designed to globally reduce transcription and translation. The three major arms of the mammalian UPR include 1) protein kinase RNA (PKR)-like ER kinase (PERK), 2) inositol-requiring protein-1 (IRE1α), and 3) activating transcription factor-6 (ATF6) pathways. The PERK pathway rapidly attenuates protein translation, whereas the ATF6 and IRE1α cascades transcriptionally upregulate ER chaperone genes that promote proper folding and ER-associated degradation (ERAD) of proteins. This integrated response in turn allows the folding machinery of the ER to catch up with the backlog of unfolded proteins. The ER stress response plays a role in a number of pathophysiological processes, including pancreatic β-cell failure and apoptosis. The goals of the current review are to familiarize investigators with cellular and tissue activation of this response in the rodent and human diabetic kidney. Additionally, we will review therapeutic modulators of the ER stress response and discuss their efficacy in models of diabetic kidney disease. The ER stress response has both protective and deleterious features. A better understanding of the molecular pathways regulated during this process in a cell- and disease-specific manner could reveal novel therapeutic strategies in chronic renal diseases, including diabetic kidney disease.Fibroblast growth factor receptors (Fgfrs) consist of four signaling family members and one nonsignaling “decoy” receptor, Fgfr-like 1 (Fgfrl1), all of which are expressed in the developing kidney. Several studies have shown that exogenous fibroblast growth factors (Fgfs) affect growth and maturation of the metanephric mesenchyme (MM) and ureteric bud (UB) in cultured tissues. Transgenic and conditional knockout approaches in whole animals have shown that Fgfr1 and Fgfr2 (predominantly the IIIc isoform) in kidney mesenchyme are critical for early MM and UB formation. Conditional deletion of the ligand, Fgf8, in nephron precursors or global deletion of Fgfrl1 interrupts nephron formation. Fgfr2 (likely the IIIb isoform signaling downstream of Fgf7 and Fgf10) is critical for ureteric morphogenesis. Moreover, Fgfr2 appears to act independently of Frs2α (the major signaling adapter for Fgfrs) in regulating UB branching. Loss of Fgfr2 in the MM leads to many kidney and urinary tract anomalies, including vesicoureteral reflux. Thus Fgfr signaling is critical for patterning of virtually all renal lineages at early and later stages of development.Acute kidney injury (AKI) is one of the complications in COVID-19 patients, which is reported with widely varied incidence rates in different studies and is known to have a major impact on prognosis and outcome of the disease. It is noticed that there are considerable differences in AKI rates between different countries. Rates in China are generally much lower than in Western Europe and the United States. One of the potential explanations is heterogeneity along racial and ethnic lines. This study aims to systematically investigate the scientific resources regarding AKI prevalence among hospitalized COVID-19 patients in Iran, and run a meta-analysis on currently published data. Web of Science, PubMed, Embase, Scopus, and Google Scholar databases were searched to identify the articles discussing the occurrence of AKI in hospitalized patients with COVID-19 in Iran. All observational and interventional studies with English full-text providing necessary data for analysis were included with no limitation in time of release or peer-review. Around, 4069 confirmed cases (age; 10-94) from 22 studies were included in the pooled outcome measurement. The proportion of hospitalized patients with COVID-19 in Iran who developed AKI was 24% (95% CI: 17-31%). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first systematic review and meta-analysis to measure the prevalence of AKI in hospitalized COVID-19 patients in Iran. The geographical dissimilarities in the proportion of AKI among COVID-19 patients suggest a role for ethnical and racial differences in the tendency to develop renal involvement. Arterial fibrotic intimal thickening and arteriolar hyaline are considered common pathological features in immunoglobulin A nephropathy (IgAN), whereas little is known about the acute pathological manifestations of endothelial cell injury. The aim of this study was to investigate characteristics of intrarenal arterial lesions and to estimate their prognostic values in patients with IgAN. The primary renal endpoint was a 50% reduction in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) or end-stage renal disease (ESRD).Various renal arterial lesions (arterial fibrotic intimal thickening, arteriolar hyaline, arteriolar endotheliocyte swelling, arteriolar inflammatory cell infiltration, and arteriolar thrombosis) in 1683 patients with IgAN were reviewed and reclassified using a semi-quantitative scoring system. Their correlations with clinical features, pathological characteristics, and renal outcomes were evaluated.The prevalence of intrarenal arterial lesions was up to 72.2% in IgAN patients. There were 978 patients (58.1%) with arterial fibrotic intimal thickening, 350 patients (20.8%) with arteriolar hyaline, 432 patients (25.7%) with arteriolar endotheliocyte swelling, 356 patients (21.2%) with arteriolar inflammatory cell infiltration and 43 patients (2.6%) with arteriolar thrombosis. Arterial fibrotic intimal thickening and arteriolar hyaline were strongly associated with higher mean arterial pressure (MAP) and reduced eGFR (0.001) but were not related to proteinuria at the time of renal biopsy. In contrast, arteriolar endotheliocyte swelling and arteriolar thrombosis were correlated with heavier proteinuria as well as higher MAP and reduced eGFR. During follow-up, patients with vascular lesions received more renin-angiotensin system (RAS) blockade and less glucocorticoid and showed poorer renal outcomes. Univariate Cox model showed that the presence of renal vascular lesions [hazard ratio (HR) = 25.01, 95% confidence interval (CI): 6.19 to 101.03,0.001] was a risk factor for renal outcomes. However, in multivariable Cox analysis, which included clinical factors and the Oxford-MEST-C, vascular lesions were not significantly associated with an increased risk of renal failure. Remarkably, the impact of vascular lesions on the survival from ESRD or 50% reduction in renal function was eliminated by the use of RAS blockade after adjustment for eGFR, proteinuria, and MAP.Our study demonstrates the high prevalence of vascular lesions, including the chronic and acute arterial pathological changes, in patients with IgAN. The presence of vascular lesions is associated with higher MAP, reduced eGFR and poorer renal outcomes, which could be influenced by the RAS blockade treatment.Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVD-19) emerged as a pandemic in December 2019. Infection has spread quickly and renal transplant recipients receiving chronic immunosuppression have been considered a population at high risk of infection, complications and infection-related death. During this year a large amount of information from nationwide registries, multicentre and single-centre studies have been reported. The number of renal transplant patients diagnosed with COVID-19 was higher than in the general population, but the lower threshold for testing may have contributed to its better identification. Major complications such as acute kidney injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome were very frequent in renal transplant patients, with a high comorbidity burden, but further studies are needed to support that organ transplant recipients receiving chronic immunosuppression are more prone to develop these complications than the general population. Kidney transplant recipients experience a high mortality rate compared with the general population, especially during the very early post-transplant period. Despite the fact that some studies report more favourable outcomes in patients with a kidney transplant than in patients on the kidney waiting list, the higher mortality described in the very early post-transplant period would advise against performing a kidney transplant in areas where the spread of infection is high, especially in recipients 60 years of age. Management of transplant recipients has been challenging for clinicians and strategies such as less use of lymphocyte-depleting agents for new transplants or anti-metabolite withdrawal and calcineurin inhibitor reduction for transplant patients with COVID-19 are not based on high-quality evidence.We recently cloned a homologue of the bovine parathyroid calcium receptor from the kidney of a spiny dogfish ( Squalus acanthias) and termed this new protein SKCaR. SKCaR senses alterations in extracellular Mgafter its expression in human embryonic kidney cells (Nearing J, Betka M, Quinn S, Hentschel H, Elger M, Baum M, Bai M, Chattopadyhay N, Brown E, Hebert S, and Harris HW. Proc Natl Acad. Sci USA 99: 9231-9236, 2002). In this report, we used light and electron microscopic immunocytochemical techniques to study the distribution of SKCaR in dogfish kidney. SKCaR antiserum bound to the apical membranes of shark kidney epithelial cells in the following tubular segments: proximal tubules (PIa and PIIb), late distal tubule, and collecting tubule/collecting duct as well as diffusely labeled cells of early distal tubule. The highly specific distribution of SKCaR in mesial tissue as well as lateral countercurrent bundles of dogfish kidney is compatible with a role for SKCaR to sense local tubular Mgconcentrations. This highly specific distribution of SKCaR protein in dogfish kidney could possibly work in concert with the powerful Mgsecretory system present in the PIIa segment of elasmobranch fish kidney to affect recycling of Mgfrom putative Mg-reabsorbing segments. These data provide support for the possible existence of Mgcycling in elasmobranch kidney in a manner analogous to that described for mammals.Introduction: CKD is a clinical syndrome which occurs due to irreversible loss of renal function leading to metabolic, endocrine, excretory and synthetic function resulting in accumulation of non – protein nitrogenous substances which leads to metabolic derangements and ends up with distinct clinical manifestations.Aim: To study thyroid function abnormalities in patients with chronic kidney disease. To correlate the thyroid function abnormalities with severity of renal failure. To differentiate primary hypothyroidism from thyroid dysfunction due to chronic kidney disease.Methodology: After selection of patients, fulfilling the above criteria, about 5 ml of blood sample is collected in non-heparinised serum bottle and sent for thyroid profile test. Components of thyroid profile included in our study and Quantitative determination of T3, T4 and TSH is done by Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay.Result: In our study out of 50 patients, 33 patients had low serum T3 levels . 4 patients among low serum T3 value, they also had low T4 and high TSH suggesting primary hypothyroidism. So excluding 4 patients of hypothyroidism 29 patients had low T3 syndrome in our study. Low T4 levels in our study, out of which 4 patients had low T3 and high TSH suggesting primary hypothyroidism.Conclusion: In my study population, 50 CKD patients who were on conservative management were studied. Among them 66% of the patients had low T3 values. The change in the serum levels of T3 and T4 in patients with CKD can be considered as being protective, promoting conservation of protein. There is increase in incidence of hypothyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease. We intended to compare the risk and prevalence of hypertension in patients undergoing renal biopsy with those of the general population and to investigate the possible effects of various independent factors (age, sex and degree of renal insufficiency) on the prevalence of hypertension.Data obtained within the Czech Registry of Renal Biopsies over an 8-year period (1995–2002) were statistically evaluated and compared with those of the general population obtained within the Post-MONICA Study conducted in 2000/2001. Hypertension was present in 1,839 out of a total of 3,601 renal patients (51.1%). The risk of hypertension in the patients with renal disease was increased in all age groups compared with the general population (OR = 1.3–5.3). The prevalence of hypertension increased significantly with age, serum creatinine and proteinuria (p0.001). Male sex was identified as an independent risk factor for the presence of hypertension (p0.01). Sex, age and glomerular filtration rate were shown to be more important determinants of the risk of hypertension than the underlying biopsy-proven diagnosis itself.Hypertension occurs as a common complication of renal disease, even in its early stages, and irrespective of the histological finding.The biosynthesis of glycosaminoglycans (GAG) by cultivated rat glomerular epithelial and mesangial cells was studied by incorporation of [S] sulfate or [C] glucosamine for 48 h. After dialysis, the incubation medium was subjected to digestion with papain. Labeled GAG were isolated from the digests by precipitation with cetylpyridinium chloride and ethanol. Results of cellulose acetate electrophoresis of the isolated ‘epithelial’ GAG fraction revealed the presence of two [C] spots and one [S] spot. The [S] spot was identified as heparan sulfate, because it comigrated with the heparan sulfate standard and it was insensitive to testicular hyaluronidase. One [C] spot comigrated with the [S] spot and with the heparan sulfate standard. This GAG fraction did not contain galactosamine. The second [C] spot was identified as hyaluronic acid, since it comigrated with the hyaluronic acid standard and since it was sensitive to testicular hyaluronidase. Results of cellulose acetate electrophoresis of the isolated ‘mesangial’ GAG fraction revealed the presence of one [C] spot only. No [S] spot was detectable. The [C] spot comigrated with the hyaluronic acid standard and was sensitive to hyaluronidase. The data therefore suggest that the glomerular epithelial cells synthesize and secrete both sulfated GAG (heparan sulfate) and nonsulfated GAG (hyaluoronic acid) into the culture medium, whereas the glomerular mesangial cells synthesize and secrete nonsulfated GAG (hyaluronic acid) only into the culture medium. Tissue slices prepared from renal cortex of littermate dogs with chronic metabolic acidosis or alkalosis were incubated in media with or without arsenite and containing 1 mM L-[14C]glutamine or [1,5–14C]citrate. The presence of arsenite increased the concentration of alpha-ketoglutarate in slices by 5––20 times the values found without this inhibitor. alpha-Ketoglutarate concentrations in acidotic slices were 40% or more greater than those in alkalotic ones when arsenited was present. 14C incorporation into alpha-ketoglutarate was also increased manyfold by arsenite with either labeled glutamine or citrate as substrate. 14CO2 production from labeled glutamine by over 90% and from labeled citrate by over 75%; the difference between 14CO2 production by acidotic and alkalotic slices was greatly reduced or eliminated by arsenite. These results suggest that in chronic metabolic acidosis metabolism of both glutamine and citrate is stimulated at a site or sites preceding formation of alpha-ketoglutarate.  K7.1 is present in fetal pig kidneys as early as day 50 of gestation, and the level of expression remains the same up to postnatal day 21. K7.1 is functionally expressed in neonatal pig renal vascular smooth muscle cells (SMCs). A decrease in arterial pressure up to 20 mmHg induces renal autoregulation in neonatal pigs. Although SMC K7.1 does not control basal renal vascular resistance, its inhibition blunts neonatal renal autoregulation engendered by a step decrease in arterial pressure.  This study provides new insights into kidney gene expression of leptin receptor splice variants, leptin-sensitive kidney gene expression, and the role of the leptin receptor in renal tubular cells for the response to diet-induced hyperleptinemia and obesity including albuminuria. The mechanism of captopril-induced alterations in arterial pressure (AP), glomerular filtration rate (GFR), renal blood flow (RBF), and renal vascular resistance (RVR) was studied in pentobarbital anesthetized sodium-restricted dogs. In 7 dogs, captopril caused decreases in AP (16 ± 3%) and RVR (46 ± 5%), as well as increases in RBF (62 ± 12%) and sodium excretion (399 ± 73%). These responses were reversed by angiotensin II infusion at a rate sufficient to restore RBF to control levels. The captopril-induced increase in GFR (29 ± 8%) was partially reversed by the intravenous angiotensin II infusion to a level not significantly different from control. In 5 dogs, indomethacin increased AP (10 ± 2%) and RVR (38 + 8%); the slight decreases in RBF and GFR were not statistically significant. Subsequent captopril treatment decreased AP (20 ± 3%) and RVR (42 ± 4%), while RBF and GFR increased by 45 ± 8% and 32 ± 10%, respectively. These observations suggest that the renal response to captopril in sodium-restricted dogs is not dependent upon alterations in prostaglandin synthesis but, instead, is primarily due to diminished angiotensin II activity.Glomerular and tubular epithelial cells from salt-loaded normal and glomerulonephritic rats and from salt-depleted normal rats were cultured in 199 medium. Supernatants from cultures after 3, 7, 17 and 23 days provided molecular weight fractions similar to those previously found to contain natriuretic activity in plasma and urine. When tested in a bioassay system, extracts isolated from culture supernatants from normal ‘salt- tubular cells produced a significant natriuretic effect but did not modify overall glomerular filtration rate and renal plasma flow. No natriuretic activity was observed with supernatants removed from culture of the epithelial cells prepared in the other conditions.The aim of the present study was to test if the transport of all nucleosides in rat renal brush border membranes occurs via a common carrier or if specific carriers exist for various groups of nucleosides. We measured the inward transport of radiolabeled nucleosides into brush border vesicles. The effect of unlabeled nucleosides present inside of the vesicles (trans-stimulation) or outside of the vesicles (cis-inhibition) was studied. Uphill influx of a nucleoside into the vesicles could be driven by the efflux of another nucleoside (trans-stimulation) if they were both purines or both pyrimidines but not if one nucleoside was a purine and the other one a pyrimidine. Thus, there exist a carrier that transports various purine nucleosides, and a carrier that transports various pyrimidine nucleosides, but the tested purine nucleosides and the tested pyrimidine nucleosides do not appear to be transported by the same carrier. Uridine and thymidine were similarly potent for the inhibition of cytidine transport whereas uridine was much more potent than thymidine for the inhibition of adenosine transport. This suggests that cytidine and adenosine can use different carriers. Preincubation of the vesicles with N-ethylmaleimide resulted in a marked decrease of the rate of transport of purine nucleosides but it had little effect on the transport of pyrimidine nucleosides. These data are best explained by the presence in the renal brush border membrane of two carriers, one for purine nucleosides, the other one for pyrimidine nucleosides. However the discrimination between purine nucleosides and pyrimidine nucleosides by the two putative carriers may not be absolute, as indicated by the finding that adenosine inhibited the transport of pyrimidine nucleosides and reciprocally. Previous studies showed that renal hemodynamic parameters, especially the filtration fraction (FF), are decreased in patients with active lupus nephritis (LN). In this study, we evaluate the prognostic value of renal hemodynamic function tests on the renal outcome in patients with proliferative LN.We performed a retrospective cohort study of our patients with proliferative LN from 1986 to 2005. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and FF before treatment were measured. Treatment failure was defined as a renal relapse or development of end-stage renal disease.Thirty-seven patients were included. The median follow-up period was 8 years. Creatinine clearance, GFR, and FF before treatment correlated with the creatinine clearance at the end of follow-up (p = 0.001, p = 0.006, and p = 0.04, respectively). The FF was decreased in 92% of our patients, but FF and GFR did not have a prognostic value with regard to treatment failure.Most patients with proliferative LN had a low FF. Low GFR and FF at baseline were correlated with a worse renal function at the end of follow-up, but this had no prognostic value in individual patients. Research on kidney diseases is being transformed by the rapid expansion and innovations in omics technologies. The analysis, integration, and interpretation of big data, however, have been an impediment to the growing interest in applying these technologies to understand kidney function and failure. Targeting this urgent need, the University of Michigan O’Brien Kidney Translational Core Center (MKTC) and its Administrative Core established the Applied Systems Biology Core. The Core provides need-based support for the global kidney community centered on enabling incorporation of systems biology approaches by creating web-based, user-friendly analytic and visualization tools, like Nephroseq and Nephrocell, guiding with experimental design, and processing, analysis, and integration of large data sets. The enrichment core supports systems biology education and dissemination through workshops, seminars, and individualized training sessions. Meanwhile, the Pilot and Feasibility Program of the MKTC provides pilot funding to both early-career and established investigators new to the field, to integrate a systems biology approach into their research projects. The relevance and value of the portfolio of training and services offered by MKTC are reflected in the expanding community of young investigators, collaborators, and users accessing resources and engaging in systems biology-based kidney research, thereby motivating MKTC to persevere in its mission to serve the kidney research community by enabling access to state-of-the-art data sets, tools, technologies, expertise, and learning opportunities for transformative basic, translational, and clinical studies that will usher in solutions to improve the lives of people impacted by kidney disease.  Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, several manifestations of kidney involvement associated with infection of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) virus have been described, including proteinuria, hematuria, and acute kidney injury. A growing body of literature has explored the risk factors and pathogenesis of COVID-19-associated acute kidney injury (AKI), including direct and indirect mechanisms, as well as early postdischarge outcomes that may result from various manifestations of kidney involvement. In this review, we explore the current state of knowledge of the epidemiology of COVID-19-associated AKI, potential mechanisms and pathogenesis of AKI, and various management strategies for patients in the acute setting. We highlight how kidney replacement therapy for patients with COVID-19-associated AKI has been affected by the increasing demand for dialysis and how the postacute management of patients, including outpatient follow-up, is vitally important. We also review what is presently known about long-term kidney outcomes after the initial recovery from COVID-19. We provide some guidance as to the management of patients hospitalized with COVID-19 who are at risk for AKI as well as for future clinical research in the setting of COVID-19 and the significance of early identification of patients at highest risk for adverse kidney outcomes.  Slices of canine kidney were incubated with [3H]choline and Ringer-Krebs solution for 30 min. Secretion of [3H]acetylcholine ([3H]ACh) was evoked by either 1) an electrical field stimulation (0.5-1 Hz, 2 ms, 20 V) or 2) high-potassium (57 mM) superfusion for 3 min to depolarize nerve terminals. With these stimulatory schedules, the 3H release mainly consists of [3H]-ACh. The ACh release is Ca2+ dependent and blocked in presence of a Mg2(+)-rich medium. Thus suppression of ongoing neuronal activity by tetrodotoxin and blockade of nicotinic receptors by hexamethonium reduced the electrically evoked ACh release. With both stimulatory procedures, the secretory response was modified by pilocarpine and atropine. In addition, the release of [3H]ACh produced by electrical field stimulation was inhibited by neostigmine, indicating the presence of functional presynaptic receptors in cholinergic putative terminals. Activation of these receptors depresses ACh secretion. The disruption of extrinsic renal nerves 7 days before did not diminish [3H]ACh release caused by K+ stimulation and, conversely, increased [3H]ACh released by electrical field stimulation. These data support the presumed existence of cholinergic nerve terminals in the canine kidney that can release ACh under suitable conditions of stimulation.  Our study indicates that protons and their cognate acid-sensing ion channel receptors are part of a mechanism that operates at bladder afferent terminals to control their function and that the loss of this regulatory mechanism results in hyperactivation of nociceptive pathways and the development of pain in the setting of chemical-induced cystitis.  Isolated perfused rat kidneys were used to investigate the effects of the addition of pure angiotensinogen or renin-free plasma to the perfusate on angiotensin I (ANG I) and angiotensin II (ANG II) generation, renal hemodynamics, and renin release. When no angiotensinogen or plasma is added, a very small amount of angiotensinogen is initially detected in the perfusate. Whereas renin secreted by the kidney accumulates in the perfusate, angiotensinogen disappears during the perfusion and immunoreactive ANG II cannot be detected. The addition of angiotensinogen reactivates the renin-angiotensin system. ANG I, [des-Asp1] ANG I, ANG II, and [des-Asp1] ANG II are progressively generated in the perfusate. At a constant perfusion pressure, as well as at a variable perfusion pressure, a progressive fall in renal perfusate flow is observed that is significantly correlated to the level of immunoreactive ANG II. ANG II significantly blunts the rise in renin, and renin release in the perfusate is negatively correlated to immunoreactive ANG II levels. Comparison of the ANG I and ANG II levels in in vitro incubated perfusates and circulated perfusates shows that in plasma-injected perfusates the level of immunoreactive ANG II is dependent on both the production of ANG I and its conversion to ANG II by renal and perfusate converting-enzyme activity, and on ANG I and ANG II degradation by the kidney and the perfusate. This study evaluated the potential utility of albuminuria as a “biomarker” of acute kidney injury (AKI) and tested whether AKI induces renal expression of the normally silent albumin gene. Urine albumin concentrations were measured in mice with five different AKI models (maleate, ischemia-reperfusion, rhabdomyolysis, endotoxemia, ureteral obstruction). Albumin gene induction in renal cortex, and in antimycin A-injured cultured proximal tubular cells, was assessed (mRNA levels; RNA polymerase II binding to the albumin gene). Albumin's clinical performance as an AKI biomarker was also tested (29 APACHE II-matched intensive care unit patients with and without AKI). Results were contrasted to those obtained for neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL), an established “AKI biomarker” gene. The experimental and clinical assessments indicated albumin's equivalence to NGAL as an AKI biomarker (greater specificity in experimental AKI; slightly better receiver-operating curve in humans). Furthermore, experimental AKI markedly induced the albumin gene (mRNA/RNA polymerase II binding increases; comparable to those seen for NGAL). Albumin gene activation in patients with AKI was suggested by fivefold increases in RNA polymerase II binding to urinary fragments of the albumin gene (vs. AKI controls). Experimental AKI also increased renal cortical mRNA levels for α-fetoprotein (albumin's embryonic equivalent). A correlate in patients was increased urinary α-fetoprotein excretion. We conclude that AKI can unmask, in the kidney, the normally silent renal albumin and α-fetoprotein genes. In addition, the urinary protein data independently indicate that albuminuria, and perhaps α-fetoprotein, have substantial utility as biomarkers of acute tubular injury.It is known that renal tissue plays a role in normal iron homeostasis. The current study examines kidney function in iron metabolism under hemolytic anemia studying renal expression of Prohepcidin, Ferroportin (MTP1), and divalent metal transporter 1 (DMT1). The relationship between these proteins and iron pigments was also investigated. Immunohistochemical procedures to study renal expression of Prohepcidin, MTP1, and DMT1 were performed in healthy and anemic mice. Renal tissue iron was determined by Prussian blue iron staining. To assess anemia evolution and erythropoietic recovery, we used conventional tests. In healthy mice, Prohepcidin expression was marked in proximal tubules and inner medulla and absent in outer medulla. Cortical tissue of healthy mice also showed MTP1 immunostaining, mainly in the S2 segment of proximal tubules. Medullar tissue showed MTP1 expression in the inner zone. In addition, S2 segments showed intense DMT1 immunoreactivity with homogeneous DMT1 distribution throughout renal medulla. The main cortical findings in hemolytic anemia were in S2 segments of proximal tubules where we found that decreased Prohepcidin expression coincided with an increment in Ferroportin and DMT1 expression. This expression pattern was concomitant with increased iron in the same tubular zone. However, in medullar tissue both Prohepcidin and MTP1 decreased and DMT1 was detected mainly in larger diameter tubules. Our findings clearly demonstrate that in hemolytic anemia, renal Prohepcidin acts in coordination with renal Ferroportin and DMT1, indicating the key involvement of kidney in iron homeostasis when iron demand is high. Further research is required to learn more about these regulatory mechanisms.We investigated the relationship of serum protein glycosylation to peripheral tissue membrane glycosylation. We studied 27 Sprague-Dawley rats and induced diabetes in 20 of them. Blood glucose levels were treated in 10 of the diabetic animals with daily subcutaneous insulin. After 8 wk, liver and kidney tissue was removed, purified membranes were prepared, and the percentage of glycosylated membrane protein was determined for the liver and kidney membranes by boronate-affinity methods. The percentage of glycosylated membrane protein for both liver and kidney tissue was found to correlate significantly with the glycemic state of the animal as assessed with glycosylated serum albumin, total glycosylated serum proteins, and glycosylated hemoglobin determinations (P0.001 for each glycosylated protein parameter). In addition, the percentage of glycosylated membrane protein in the liver tissue correlated significantly with the measured level in the corresponding kidney tissue (r = 0.78, P0.001). To identify the nature of the glycosylated membrane proteins, boronate-affinity methods were used to separate the glycosylated and nonglycosylated membrane proteins. It was determined that two major glycosylated protein bands exist for the liver membrane (78,000 and 58,700 Mr) and four for the kidney membranes (ranging from 48,700 to 74,000 Mr). The ultrastructural location and identification of these glycosylated membrane proteins are not known. This study demonstrates that measurement of clinical glycemic state, as reflected in glycosylated blood protein parameters such as glycosylated serum albumin and glycosylated hemoglobin, correlates significantly with ongoing tissue membrane accumulation of glucose.Chronic kidney diseases share common pathogenic mechanisms that, independently from the initial injury, lead to glomerular hyperfiltration, proteinuria, and progressive renal scarring and function loss. Inhibition of the renin angiotensin system (RAS) has been consistently found to reduce or halt the progressive deterioration of renal function through reduction of blood pressure and proteinuria, the two main determinants of renal function decline. In few instances, RAS inhibition may even promote amelioration of the glomerular filtration rate. Animal data suggest that chronic therapy with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin II receptor type I blockers promotes regression of glomerulosclerosis, even in later phases of the disease. In humans, studies investigating the effect of angiotensin II inhibition on renal structural changes have shown inconsistent results, possibly due to small numbers and/or short duration of follow-up. Whether regression of glomerulosclerosis relies on a direct regenerative effect of RAS inhibition or on spontaneous kidney self-repair after the injury has been removed is still unknown. Improved understanding of mechanisms that promote renal regeneration may help in designing specific therapies to prevent the development of end-stage renal disease. This is a desirable goal, considering the economic burden of chronic kidney diseases and their effect on morbidity and mortality. The homeobox transcription factor Meis1 is required for mammalian development, and its overexpression plays a role in tumorigenesis, especially leukemia. Meis1 is known to be expressed in kidney stroma, but its function in kidney is undefined. We hypothesized that Meis1 may regulate stromal cell proliferation in kidney development and disease and tested the hypothesis using cell lineage tracing and cell-specific Meis1 deletion in development, aging, and fibrotic disease. We observed strong expression of Meis1 in platelet-derived growth factor receptor-β-positive pericytes and perivascular fibroblasts, both in adult mouse kidney and to a lesser degree in human kidney. Either bilateral ischemia-reperfusion injury or aging itself led to strong upregulation of Meis1 protein and mRNA in kidney myofibroblasts, and genetic lineage analysis confirmed that Meis1-positive cells proliferate as they differentiate into myofibroblasts after injury. Conditional deletion of Meis1 in all kidney stroma with two separate tamoxifen-inducible Cre recombinase drivers had no phenotype with the exception of consistent induction of the tubular injury marker kidney injury molecule-1 (Kim-1) only in Meis1 mutants. Further examination of Kim-1 expression revealed linkage disequilibrium of Kim-1 and Meis1, such that Meis1 mutants carried the longer BALB/c Kim-1 allele. Unexpectedly, we report that this Kim-1 allele is expressed at baseline in wild-type BALB/c mice, without any associated abnormalities, including long-term fibrosis, as predicted from the literature. We conclude that Meis1 is specifically expressed in stroma and myofibroblasts of mouse and human kidney, that it is not required for kidney development, disease, or aging, and that BALB/c mice unexpectedly express Kim-1 protein at baseline without other kidney abnormality.  The results of the present study show that combined deletion of both A and B splice variants of electrogenic Na-bicarbonate cotransporter 1 from the proximal tubule impairs acid-base homeostasis and completely blocks changes in ammonia excretion in response to acidosis, indicating that both proteins are critical to acid-base homeostasis.  Classical pauci-immune necrotizing crescentic glomerulonephritis (CGN) associated with antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies (ANCA) is characterized by the absence of renal immunoglobulin (Ig) deposits. However, IgG deposits can sometimes be present. We wanted to assess whether necrotizing CGN with IgG deposits is associated with a more severe presentation and outcome than necrotizing CGN without IgG deposits.Between November 2008 and August 2013, we retrospectively identified 158 patients from four centers who had necrotizing CGN due to primary ANCA-associated systemic vasculitis. Glomerular IgG deposits were found in 18 (11%) patients (group 1). For each patient in group 1, we selected 2 patients with classical pauci-immune necrotizing CGN with the nearest date of diagnosis in the same center (group 2,= 36). We assessed clinical, biological, and pathological characteristics in both groups.Baseline characteristics were similar in both groups, and most patients had ANCA-associated vasculitis with antibodies to myeloperoxidase (74%). Deposits displayed moderate to strong staining in 9 patients. As compared with group 2, group 1 exhibited a higher frequency of interstitial fibrosis/tubular atrophy lesions ( = 0.024) and lower frequency of acute tubular necrosis ( = 0.046). Nevertheless, after a mean follow-up of 30 and 26 months for group 1 and group 2, respectively, IgG deposits did not affect the renal prognosis or probability of relapse. Finally, the groups did not differ in renal or patient survival.IgG deposits, detected in 11% of patients with ANCA-associated necrotizing CGN, did not affect renal or patient outcomes.Patient experience is a recognized aspect of quality of care for people with chronic kidney disease (CKD), but current patient-reported experience measures (PREMs) only focus on dialysis care. We developed and validated the Kidney PREM to assess patients’ experience with renal services in secondary care for any CKD stage or treatment (transplant, haemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis).We developed the Kidney PREM in two phases, informed by a multidisciplinary expert group to ensure face validity. We organized three national data collections (2016–8) to investigate item response profiles and to conduct exploratory and confirmatory analyses to assess internal consistency. We also explored content validity in cognitive interviews and evaluated test–retest reliability. Finally, we developed the Kidney PREM Short Form for more frequent measurement of patient experience to inform local service improvements.We analysed 32 959 responses across data collections, with the 2018 collection covering all 71 UK renal centres. The Kidney PREM final version consisted of 38 items grouped into 13 themes, all pertaining to one underlying dimension reflecting the construct of ‘patient experience’ with high internal consistency (Cronbach's α = 0.94). The Kidney PREM Short Form consisted of 15 items across the same 13 themes.The Kidney PREM supports the collection of reliable information on patient experience that people with CKD consider relevant, regardless of CKD stage or treatment modality. Kidney PREM data have the potential to guide local and national initiatives to improve patients’ experiences with renal services in the UK and other countries.AbstractIntroduction: Few studies have investigated pre-donation factors that could affect renal recovery after living kidney donation (LKD). We retrospectively investigated the role of John Cunningham virus (JCV) infection and other pre-donation factors on the magnitude of kidney function decline after LKD.Methods: Urine JCV viral loads, glomerular filtration rate, and blood pressure were evaluated in 60 consecutive LK donors before donation. Suboptimal compensatory hypertrophy was defined as an eGFR 60% of the pre-donation eGFR.Results: LKD (40% JCV infected) were followed for 3.2±1.6 years. No association was found between age, gender, and baseline hypertension with 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th years post-donation eGFR 60% of the pre-donation eGFR. Mean eGFR recovery at the 3rd year after donation was lower in JCV infected donors vs non-infected donors (61.8% vs 71.0%, p=0.006).Conclusion: We hypothesized that JCV could shift glomeruli into a hyperfiltration state before nephrectomy, modulating the magnitude of compensatory hypertrophy after donation. Conversely, JCV might curtail the ability of the remaining kidney to promote hyperfiltration. Longer follow up is needed to determine whether JCV viruria ultimately leads to lower eGFR over time or if it is a protective factor for the remaining kidney.and Gαare ubiquitous members of the heterotrimeric guanine nucleotide-binding protein (G protein) family that play central and integrative roles in the regulation of signal transduction cascades within various cell types in the kidney. Gαproteins enable the kidney to adapt to an ever-changing environment by transducing stimuli from cell surface receptors and accessory proteins to effector systems. Therefore, perturbations in Gαlevels or their activity can contribute to the pathogenesis of various renal diseases, including renal cancer. This review will highlight and discuss the complex and expanding roles of Gαproteins on distinct renal pathologies, with emphasis on more recently reported findings. Deciphering how the different Gαinteraction networks participate in the onset and development of renal diseases may lead to the discovery of new therapeutic strategies. Osmotically active brush border membrane (BBM) and antiluminal membrane (ALM) vesicles prepared from dog kidney cortex were used to investigate transport of 2-deoxy-D-glucose (2DG). A parallel in vivo study was carried out using the pulse-injection multiple indicator-dilution technique. Single-pass indicator-dilution experiments demonstrate both luminal and antiluminal interactions for 2DG. The antiluminal interaction is blocked by large systemic doses of phlorizin (100-200 mg/kg). With plasma glucose concentration in the range of 4-5 mM fractional luminal extraction of 2-[14C]DG relative to simultaneously filtered creatinine is 25 +/- 2%. This luminal extraction can be inhibited by raising plasma glucose concentration to approximately 30 mM and by administration of low systemic doses of phlorizin (6-8 mg/Kg). 2DG uptake into BBM vesicles equilibrates into the same intravesicular volume as D-glucose. A definite Na+ component of 2DG uptake can be defined which is more sensitive to inhibition by phlorizin than by phloretin and is also inhibited by D-glucose and alpha-methyl-D-glucoside but not by L-glucose. But compared with D-glucose, the Na+-dependent BBM uptake of 2DG is greatly reduced. 2DG uptake into ALM vesicles is independent of Na+, is more sensitive to inhibition by phloretin than by phlorizin, and is also blocked by cytochalasin B but not by alpha-methyl-D-glucoside. Influx of 2-[14C] DG into ALM vesicles is increased by preloading with unlabeled D-glucose. Conversely influx of D[14C]glucose into ALM vesicles is accelerated by preloading with unlabeled 2DG. ALM influx of radiolabeled 2DG is accelerated by D-glucose, 3-O-methyl-D-glucose, D-galactose, and unlabeled 2DG but not by alpha-methyl-D-glucoside. The specificity of inhibition and countertransport results from in vivo and in vitro experiments are consistent with the proposal that 2DG shares a common carrier mechanism with D-glucose at each of the opposing membrane surfaces. Adenosine is an ATP breakdown product that in most vessels causes vasodilatation and that contributes to the metabolic control of organ perfusion, i.e., to the match between oxygen demand and oxygen delivery. In the renal vasculature, in contrast, adenosine can produce vasoconstriction, a response that has been suggested to be an organ-specific version of metabolic control designed to restrict organ perfusion when transport work increases. However, the vasoconstriction elicited by an intravenous infusion of adenosine is only short lasting, being replaced within 1–2 min by vasodilatation. It appears that the steady-state response to the increase of plasma adenosine levels above normal resulting from the infusion is global renal vasorelaxation that is the result of AAR activation in most parts of the renal vasculature, including larger renal arteries, juxtamedullary afferent arterioles, efferent arterioles, and medullary vessels. AAR-mediated vasorelaxation is probably facilitated by endothelial receptors that cause the release of nitric oxide and other endothelial relaxing factors. In contrast, isolated perfused afferent arterioles of superficial and midcortical nephrons of rabbit and mouse, especially in their most distal segment at the entrance to the glomerulus, respond to adenosine with persistent vasoconstriction, indicating predominant or exclusive expression of AAR. AAR in afferent arterioles are selectively activated from the interstitial aspect of the vessel. This property can dissociate AAR activation from changes in vascular adenosine concentration, a characteristic that is ideally suited for the role of renal adenosine as a paracrine factor in the control of glomerular function. Glomerulotubular relationships for glucose were studied in the developing kidney before and after saline loading in 13 anesthetized puppies that were 2–51 days of age and in one adult. When volume expansion, plasma glucose concentrations of more than 500 mg/dl, and changes in sodium excretion (FENa) were avoided, the ratio of maximal tubular reabsorption of glucose (TmGlc)/inulin clearance (CIn) was 3.37 +/- 0.28 (means +/- SD) in the puppies and did not change with age. Following intravenous saline loading (20 ml/kg), TmGlc and sodium reabsorption decreased, CIn decreased, and TmGlc/CIn decreased to 2.97 +/- 0.67. When a volume equivalent to the saline load had been excreted, TmGlc increased, CIn and FENa did not change, and TmGlc/CIn increased to 3.60 +/- 1.00. Splay in the glucose titration curve did not change with age, but the portion of the curve at saturation decreased with saline loading and returned to the control pattern as the saline load was excreted. It is concluded that glomerulotubular balance for glucose obtains from birth in the dog kidney, and that saline loading results in functional glomerulotubular imbalance with glomerular preponderance and alters the appearance of the glucose titration curve. Renal ammonia metabolism is a fundamental element of acid-base homeostasis, comprising a major component of both basal and physiologically altered renal net acid excretion. Over the past several years, a fundamental change in our understanding of the mechanisms of renal epithelial cell ammonia transport has occurred, replacing the previous model which was based upon diffusion equilibrium for NHand trapping of NHwith a new model in which specific and regulated transport of both NHand NHacross renal epithelial cell membranes via specific membrane proteins is required for normal ammonia metabolism. A major advance has been the recognition that members of a recently recognized transporter family, the Rhesus glycoprotein family, mediate critical roles in renal and extrarenal ammonia transport. The erythroid-specific Rhesus glycoprotein, Rh A Glycoprotein (Rhag), was the first Rhesus glycoprotein recognized as an ammonia-specific transporter. Subsequently, the nonerythroid Rh glycoproteins, Rh B Glycoprotein (Rhbg) and Rh C Glycoprotein (Rhcg), were cloned and identified as ammonia transporters. They are expressed in specific cell populations and membrane domains in distal renal epithelial cells, where they facilitate ammonia secretion. In this review, we discuss the distribution of Rhbg and Rhcg in the kidney, the regulation of their expression and activity in physiological disturbances, the effects of genetic deletion on renal ammonia metabolism, and the molecular mechanisms of Rh glycoprotein-mediated ammonia transport.Kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC) and kidney renal papillary cell carcinoma (KIRP) are the most common RCC types. RCC has high immune infiltration levels, and immunotherapy is currently one of the most promising treatments for RCC. Collagen triple helix repeat containing 1 (CTHRC1) is an extracellular matrix protein that regulates tumor invasion and modulates the tumor microenvironment. However, the association ofwith the prognosis and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes of KIRP and KIRC has not been reported. We examined theexpression differences in multiple tumor tissues and normal tissuesexploring TIMER, Oncomine, and UALCAN databases. Then, we searched the Kaplan-Meier plotter database to evaluate the correlation ofmRNA level with clinical outcomes. Subsequently, the TIMER platform and TISIDB website were chosen to assess the correlation ofwith tumor immune cell infiltration level. We further explored the causes of aberrantexpression in tumorigenesis. We found thatlevel was significantly elevated in KIRP and KIRC tissues relative to normal tissues.expression associates with tumor stage, histology, lymph node metastasis, and poor clinical prognosis in KIRP. Thelevel correlates to tumor grade, stage, nodal metastasis, and worse survival prognosis. Additionally,is positively related to different tumor-infiltrating immune cells in KIRP and KIRC. Moreover,was closely correlated with the gene markers of diverse immune cells. Also, highexpression predicted a worse prognosis in KIRP and KIRC based on immune cells. Copy number variations (CNV) and DNA methylation might contribute to the abnormal upregulation ofin KIRP and KIRC. In conclusion,can serve as a biomarker to predict the prognosis and immune infiltration in KIRP and KIRC.Each year, a considerable number of individuals are diagnosed with potentially life-threatening renal failure, encompassing acute kidney injury (AKI) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). New natural herbal compounds, whether used in isolation or combined with medical treatments and an appropriate regime, have been suggested for the management of renal failure. The etiology of AKI remains uncertain; nevertheless, several factors have been proposed as potential causative agents that can lead to renal failure, including renal ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI), nephrotoxicity, sepsis, administration of radiocontrast agents, and exposure to heavy metal ions. Several commonly utilized herbs with anti-diabetic and antihypertensive properties, known for their antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and vasorelaxant effects, have been recognized as efficacious therapeutic agents in the management of CKD. The management of renal failure typically involves treating the underlying diseases, such as IRI, sepsis, and diabetes. However, if addressing the root cause is not possible, the focus shifts to managing complications like hypertension and proteinuria.Krüppel-like factors (KLFs) are a family of zinc-finger transcription factors critical to mammalian embryonic development, regeneration, and human disease. There is emerging evidence that KLFs play a vital role in key physiological processes in the kidney, ranging from maintenance of glomerular filtration barrier to tubulointerstitial inflammation to progression of kidney fibrosis. Seventeen members of the KLF family have been identified, and several have been well characterized in the kidney. Although they may share some overlap in their downstream targets, their structure and function remain distinct. This review highlights our current knowledge of KLFs in the kidney, which includes their pattern of expression and their function in regulating key biological processes. We will also critically examine the currently available literature on KLFs in the kidney and offer some key areas in need of further investigation.There is an alarming global increase in the incidence of end-stage kidney disease, for which early biomarkers and effective treatment options are lacking. Largely based on the histology of the end-stage kidney and on the model of unilateral ureteral obstruction, current investigation is focused on the pathogenesis of renal interstitial fibrosis as a central mechanism in the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD). It is now recognized that cumulative episodes of acute kidney injury (AKI) can lead to CKD, and, conversely, CKD is a risk factor for AKI. Based on recent and historic studies, this review shifts attention from the glomerulus and interstitium to the proximal tubule as the primary sensor and effector in the progression of CKD as well as AKI. Packed with mitochondria and dependent on oxidative phosphorylation, the proximal tubule is particularly vulnerable to injury (obstructive, ischemic, hypoxic, oxidative, metabolic), resulting in cell death and ultimately in the formation of atubular glomeruli. Animal models of human glomerular and tubular disorders have provided evidence for a broad repertoire of morphological and functional responses of the proximal tubule, revealing processes of degeneration and repair that may lead to new therapeutic strategies. Most promising are studies that encompass the entire life cycle from fetus to senescence, recognizing epigenetic factors. The application of techniques in molecular characterization of tubule segments and the development of human kidney organoids may provide new insights into the mammalian kidney subjected to stress or injury, leading to biomarkers of early CKD and new therapies. While recent investigations show that klotho exerts renoprotective actions, it has not been fully addressed whether klotho protein supplementation reverses renal damage.The impacts of subcutaneous klotho supplementation on rats with subtotal nephrectomy were examined. Animals were divided into 3 groups: group 1 (short remnant [SR]): remnant kidney for 4 weeks, group 2 (long remnant [LR]): remnant kidney for 12 weeks, and group 3 (klotho supplementation [KL]): klotho protein (20 μg/kg/day) supplementation on the remnant kidney. Blood pressure, blood and urine compositions with conventional methods such as enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and radioimmunoassay, kidney histology, and renal expressions of various genes were analyzed. In vitro studies were also performed to support in vivo findings.Klotho protein supplementation decreased albuminuria (−43%), systolic blood pressure (−16%), fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 23 (−51%) and serum phosphate levels (−19%), renal angiotensin II concentration (−43%), fibrosis index (−70%), renal expressions of collagen I (−55%), and transforming growth factor β (−59%) (0.05 for all). Klotho supplementation enhanced fractional excretion of phosphate (+45%), glomerular filtration rate (+76%), renal expressions of klotho (+148%), superoxide dismutase (+124%), and bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) 7 (+174%) (0.05 for all).Our data indicated that klotho protein supplementation inactivated renal renin-angiotensin system, reducing blood pressure and albuminuria in remnant kidney. Furthermore, exogenous klotho protein supplementation elevated endogenous klotho expression to increase phosphate excretion with resultant reductions in FGF23 and serum phosphate. Finally, klotho supplementation reversed renal dysfunction and fibrosis in association with improved BMP7 in remnant kidney.  Cullin 3 (CUL3) targets with-no-lysine-kinase 4 (WNK4), which activates Na cotransporter (NCC) in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) of the kidney. Renal-specific genetic deletion of the constitutive photomorphogenesis 9 signalosome, an upstream regulator of CUL3, resulted in a reduction of NCC due to DCT hypoplasia, which coincided with cortical kidney injury. The data indicate that nephron-specific disruption of the cullin-RING ligase system results in a complex progression of tubule injury leading to hypoplasia of the DCT. Background: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) accounts for approximately half of all cases of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease worldwide. The Renal Pathology Society (RPS) classification has been used to predict the renal prognosis in DN. In 2018, the Japanese Renal Pathology Society (JRPS) proposed a comprehensive classification system that included pathological changes in the kidney. The clinical significance of the JRPS classification system was comparatively evaluated in the present study. Methods: A total of 93 cases diagnosed with DN from 2009 to 2019 were enrolled. JRPS scores (J-scores) were calculated by scoring the pathological factors in the JRPS classification system and comparing them with clinical parameters. Results: Most pathological factors constituting the J-score were significantly correlated with clinical factors. Laminated nodules were inversely correlated with estimated glomerular filtration rate. After adjusting for age, sex, body mass index, hemoglobin A1c, diabetes duration, and hypertension, CKD stage was significantly correlated with JRPS grade, nodular lesions, and exudative lesions in the multivariate logistic regression analysis. However, receiver operating characteristic curve analysis revealed that the J-score (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.639) had lower clinical significance than the traditional RPS classification system (AUC = 0.675). Conclusion: The JRPS classification can more comprehensively reflect renal changes than the RPS classification and is correlated with renal survival. When creating a new pathological classification, arteriolar hyalinosis should not be included, whereas laminated nodules should be included.Independent of the initial cause of kidney disease, microvascular injury to the peritubular capillary network appears to play a central role in the development of interstitial fibrosis in both native and transplanted kidney disease. This association is explained by mechanisms such as the upregulation of profibrotic genes and epigenetic changes induced by hypoxia, capillary leakage, endothelial and pericyte transition to interstitial fibroblasts, as well as modifications in the secretome of endothelial cells. Alloimmune injury due to antibody-mediated rejection and ischemia-reperfusion injury are the two main etiologies of microvascular damage in kidney transplant recipients. The presence of circulating donor-specific anti-human leukocyte antigen (HLA) antibodies, histological findings, such as diffuse C4d staining in peritubular capillaries, and the extent and severity of peritubular capillaritis, are commonly used clinically to provide both diagnostic and prognostic information. Complement-dependent assays, circulating non-HLA antibodies, or evaluation of the microvasculature with novel imaging techniques are the subject of ongoing studies. Kidney fibrosis is associated with an increased lymphangiogenesis, characterized by the formation and expansion of new lymphatic vessels. However, the trigger and underlying mechanism responsible for the growth of lymphatic vessels in diseased kidney remain poorly defined. Here, we report that tubule-derived sonic hedgehog (Shh) ligand is a novel lymphangiogenic factor that plays a crucial role in mediating lymphatic endothelial cell proliferation and expansion. Shh was induced in renal tubular epithelium in various models of fibrotic chronic kidney disease, and this was accompanied by an expansion of lymphatic vessels in adjacent areas. In vitro, Shh selectively promoted the proliferation of human dermal lymphatic endothelial cells (HDLECs) but not human umbilical vein endothelial cells, as assessed by cell counting, MTT assay, and bromodeoxyuridine incorporation. Shh also induced the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-3, cyclin D1, and proliferating cell nuclear antigen in HDLECs. Shh did not affect the expression of Gli1, the downstream target and readout of canonical hedgehog signaling, but activated ERK-1/2 in HDLECs. Inhibition of Smoothened with small-molecule inhibitor or blockade of ERK-1/2 activation abolished the lymphatic endothelial cell proliferation induced by Shh. In vivo, inhibition of Smoothened also repressed lymphangiogenesis and attenuated renal fibrosis. This study identifies Shh as a novel mitogen that selectively promotes lymphatic, but not vascular, endothelial cell proliferation and suggests that tubule-derived Shh plays an essential role in mediating lymphangiogenesis after kidney injury. Sepsis is a leading cause of acute kidney injury (AKI) and mortality in children. Understanding the development of pediatric sepsis and its effects on the kidney are critical in uncovering new therapies. The goal of this study was to characterize the development of sepsis-induced AKI in the clinically relevant cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) model of peritonitis in rat pups 17–18 days old. CLP produced severe sepsis demonstrated by time-dependent increase in serum cytokines, NO, markers of multiorgan injury, and renal microcirculatory hypoperfusion. Although blood pressure and heart rate remained unchanged after CLP, renal blood flow (RBF) was decreased 61% by 6 h. Renal microcirculatory analysis showed the number of continuously flowing cortical capillaries decreased significantly from 69 to 48% by 6 h with a 66% decrease in red blood cell velocity and a 57% decline in volumetric flow. The progression of renal microcirculatory hypoperfusion was associated with peritubular capillary leakage and reactive nitrogen species generation. Sham adults had higher mean arterial pressure (118 vs. 69 mmHg), RBF (4.2 vs. 1.1 ml·min), and peritubular capillary velocity (78% continuous flowing capillaries vs. 69%) compared with pups. CLP produced a greater decrease in renal microcirculation in pups, supporting the notion that adult models may not be the most appropriate for studying pediatric sepsis-induced AKI. Lower RBF and reduced peritubular capillary perfusion in the pup suggest the pediatric kidney may be more susceptible to AKI than would be predicted using adults models.Tissue concentration of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) exerting an inhibitory effect on renal N-acetyltransferase activity was determined in the isolated perfused rat kidney. Concurrently, O consumption and the N-acetylation rate of p-aminohippurate (PAH) were measured. In a second series of experiments, the mode of inhibition of NEFA on acetylating enzyme(s) was studied. Amount and pattern of NEFA as well as N-acetylation rate of PAH in the kidney were related to the O consumption: lower O supply corresponded to a higher tissue NEFA concentration as well as lower N-acetylation rate, increased O supply resulted in a low tissue NEFA concentration and an increased N-acetylation rate of PAH. Decreasing O supply elevated the tissue concentration of linoleate especially. NEFA with a carbon chain length of C inhibited renal N-acetyltransferase activity in vitro competitively according to the sequence C, C18, C, C, C. It is inferred that hypoxia interferes with the N-acetylation of PAH in the rat kidney by increasing the content and changing the pattern of fatty acids, thereby inhibiting the N-acetylating enzyme(s). Renal tubulointerstitial fibrosis (TIF) is the common pathway of progressive chronic kidney disease. Inflammation has been widely accepted as the major driving force of TIF. Cystathionine β-synthase (CBS) is the first and rate-limiting enzyme in the transsulfuration pathway. CBS is considered to play protective role in liver and pulmonary fibrosis, but its role in TIF remains unknown. The purpose of this study was to investigate the potential role and mechanism of CBS in renal inflammation and TIF.Renal function, tubulointerstitium damage index score, extracellular matrix (ECM) deposition, and the expressions of collagen I, collagen III, fibronectin, CD3, CD68, IL-1β, TNF-α were measured in sham operation and unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO) rats. Proteomics and gene array analysis were performed to screen differentially expressed molecules in the development of renal inflammation and TIF in UUO rats. The expression of CBS was detected in patients with obstructive nephropathy and UUO rats. We confirmed the expression of CBS using western blot and real-time PCR in HK-2 cells. Overexpression plasmid and siRNA were transfected specifically to study the possible function of CBS in HK-2 cells.Abundant expression of CBS, localized in renal tubular epithelial cells, was revealed in human and rat renal tissue, which correlated negatively with the progression of fibrotic disease. Expression of CBS was dramatically decreased in the obstructed kidney from UUO rats as compared with the sham group (SHM). In addition, knocking down CBS exacerbated extracellular matrix (ECM) deposition, whereas CBS overexpression attenuated TGF-β1-induced ECM deposition in vitro. Inflammatory and chemotactic factors were also increased in CBS knockdown HK-2 cells stimulated by IL-1β.These findings establish CBS as a novel inhibitor in renal fibrosis and as a new therapeutic target in patients with chronic kidney disease.Background: Renal fibrosis is characterized by the accumulation of extracellular matrix and inflammatory cells and kidney dysfunction, which is a major pathway in the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD). Accumulating evidence indicates that oxidative stress plays a critical role in the initiation and progression of CKD via proinflammatory and profibrotic signaling pathways. Fisetin (3,3′,4′,7-tetrahydroxyflavone) has biological activities including antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-aging effects. Therefore, we evaluated the antifibrotic effects of fisetin on unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO)-induced kidneys.Methods: C57BL/6 female mice were subjected to right UUO and intraperitoneally injected every other day with fisetin (25 mg/kg/day) or vehicle from 1 hour before surgery to 7 days after surgery. Kidney samples were analyzed for renal fibrosis (α-smooth muscle actin [α-SMA] expression, collagen deposition, and transforming growth factor [TGF] β1/SMAD3 signaling pathway), oxidative damage (4-HNE and 8-OHdG expression), inflammation (proinflammatory cytokine/chemokine, macrophage, and neutrophil infiltration), and apoptosis (TUNEL staining). Cultured human proximal tubule cells were treated with fisetin before TGF-β to confirm the TGF-β downstream pathway (SMAD2/3 phosphorylation).Result: We found that fisetin treatment protected against renal fibrosis by inhibiting the phosphorylation of SMAD3, oxidative damage, inflammation, apoptotic cell death, and accumulation of profibrotic M2 macrophages in the obstructed kidneys. In cultured human proximal tubular cells, fisetin treatment inhibited TGF-β1–induced phosphorylation of SMAD3 and SMAD2.Conclusion: Fisetin alleviates kidney fibrosis to protect against UUO-induced renal fibrosis, and could be a novel therapeutic drug for obstructive nephropathy. Inflammatory cell infiltration and residual areas of fibrosis in kidneys after renal transplantation can lead to functional abnormalities with long-term implications.The aim of this study was to determine urinary monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (uMCP-1) levels, relative cortical interstitial area (RCIA), and cortical tubulointerstitial macrophage infiltration in renal transplant patients with delayed graft function (DGF) and their possible correlation with graft outcome.Patients were followed after biopsies for one year, and their renal function and structure were evaluated, as well as parameters of inflammatory process.Clinical Hospital of the School of Medicine of Ribeirão Preto.Twenty-two cadaveric kidney transplant recipients with DGF were followed for one year.Renal function, RCIA, macrophages infiltration and uMCP-1 levels were evaluated.Renal function was evaluated by plasma creatinine levels. RCIA was determined by morphometry. Immunohistochemical staining of macrophages was performed using an anti-CD68 monoclonal antibody. uMCP-1 levels were determined using a human MCP-1/CCL2 immunoassay kit.There was a significant increase in uMCP-1 levels in transplant patients compared with controls ( p0.001). RCIA was 7.1% (6.4 to 9.2; median and 25th to 75th percentiles) in controls and 37.1% (28.1 to 43.7) in patients with kidney transplants ( p0.001). The patients who presented with a higher RCIA in the first biopsy showed higher levels of plasma creatinine one year after transplantation (r = 0.44; p0.05). The number of tubulointerstitial macrophages per 0.10 mm grid field was higher in the renal cortex of transplant patients compared with the controls (19.4 (9.0 to 47.1) vs. 2.5 (1.8 to 3.4), p0.001). There was also a positive correlation between the RCIA and the number of tubulointerstitial macrophages in the renal cortex of these patients (r = 0.49; p0.001).The number of patients studied was relatively small and may not be reflecting outcomes over a larger spectrum of kidney cadaveric transplants.Our results demonstrate increased levels of uMCP-1 in transplant patients with DGF, in addition to increased tubulointerstitial macrophage infiltration and RCIA, which could predict the outcome of renal function in these patients. Targeted deletion or selective pharmacological inhibition of α-adrenoceptors in mice results in increased brain tissue levels of dopamine and its precursor l-3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine (l-DOPA), without significant changes in l-DOPA synthesis. l-DOPA uptake is considered the rate-limiting step in dopamine synthesis in the kidney. Since α-adrenoceptors may influence the transport of l-DOPA, we investigated the effect of α-adrenoceptor activation on l-DOPA uptake in a kidney cell line (opossum kidney cells). l-DOPA and dopamine kidney tissue levels in α-adrenoceptor knockout (αKO) mice and in mice treated with the selective α-adrenoceptor antagonist JP-1302 were also evaluated. The α-adrenoceptor agonist medetomidine (0.1–1,000 nM) produced a concentration-dependent decrease in l-DOPA uptake in opossum kidney cells (IC: 2.5 ± 0.5 nM and maximal effect: 28 ± 5% of inhibition). This effect was abolished by a preincubation with JP-1302 (300 nM). Furthermore, the effect of medetomidine (100 nM) was abolished by a preincubation with U-0126 (10 μM), a MEK1/2 inhibitor. Kidney tissue levels of l-DOPA were significantly higher in αKO mice compared with wild-type mice (wild-type mice: 58 ± 2 pmol/g tissue and αKO mice: 81 ± 15 pmol/g tissue, P0.05) and in mice treated with JP-1302 (3 μmol/kg body wt) compared with control mice (control mice: 62 ± 2 pmol/g tissue and JP-1302-treated mice: 75 ± 1 pmol/g tissue, P0.05), both without significant changes in dopamine kidney tissue levels. However, mice treated with JP-1302 on a high-salt diet presented significantly higher dopamine levels in the kidney and urine compared with control animals on a high-salt diet. In conclusion, in a kidney cell line, α-adrenoceptor activation inhibits l-DOPA uptake, and in mice, deletion or blockade of α-adrenoceptors increases l-DOPA kidney tissue levels. Heat stress could induce acute kidney injury. Although heat acclimation (HA) reportedly provides thermal tolerance, its effect on heat stress-induced kidney damage remains unclear. This study showed that 5-day HA ameliorates mouse kidney tubular damage and subsequent fibrosis caused by heat stress. It also demonstrated that HA enhances intracellular heat shock protein 70 expression in tubular cells and prevents a decrease in kidney resident macrophages, which explains the renoprotective effect of HA. The human propensity for high levels of serum uric acid (SUA) is a trait that has defied explanation. Is it beneficial? Is it pathogenic? Its role in the human diseases like gout and kidney stones was discovered over a century ago [Richette P, Bardin T. Lancet 375: 318–328, 2010; Rivard C, Thomas J, Lanaspa MA, Johnson RJ. Rheumatology (Oxford) 52: 421–426, 2013], but today emerging new genetic and epidemiological techniques have revived an age-old debate over whether high uric acid levels (hyperuricemia) independently increase risk for diseases like hypertension and chronic kidney disease [Feig DI. J Clin Hypertens (Greenwich) 14: 346–352, 2012; Feig DI, Madero M, Jalal DI, Sanchez-Lozada LG, Johnson RJ. J Pediatr 162: 896–902, 2013; Feig DI, Soletsky B, Johnson RJ. JAMA 300: 924–932, 2008; Wang J, Qin T, Chen J, Li Y, Wang L, Huang H, Li J. PLoS One 9: e114259, 2014; Zhu P, Liu Y, Han L, Xu G, Ran JM. PLoS One 9: e100801, 2014]. Part of the mystery of the role uric acid plays in human health stems from our lack of understanding of how humans regulate uric acid homeostasis, an understanding that could shed light on the historic role of uric acid in human adaptation and its present role in human pathogenesis. This review will highlight the recent work to identify the first important human uric acid secretory transporter, ABCG2, and the identification of a common causal ABCG2 variant, Q141K, for hyperuricemia and gout.The Hippo signaling pathway is an evolutionarily conserved kinase cascade, playing multiple roles in embryonic development that controls organ size, cell proliferation, and apoptosis. At the center of this network lie the Hippo kinase target and downstream pathway effector Yes-associated protein (YAP) and its paralog TAZ. In its phosphorylated form, cytoplasmic YAP is sequestered in an inactive state. When it is dephosphorylated, YAP, a potent oncogene, is activated and relocates to the nucleus to interact with a number of transcription factors and signaling regulators that promote cell growth, differentiation, and survival. The identification of YAP activation in human cancers has made it an attractive target for chemotherapeutic drug development. Little is known to date about the function of the Hippo pathway in the kidney, but that is rapidly changing. Recent studies have shed light on the role of Hippo-YAP signaling in glomerular and lower urinary tract embryonic development, maintenance of podocyte homeostasis, the integrity of the glomerular filtration barrier, regulation of renal tubular cyst growth, renal epithelial injury in diabetes, and renal fibrogenesis. This review summarizes the current knowledge of the Hippo-YAP signaling axis in the kidney under normal and disease conditions. Do your kidneys know what time it is? Mounting evidence from human studies and animal models strongly suggests that the answer to this question is yes. The time has come to start reporting the time of day at which renal physiology studies are performed. The Janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) signaling pathway is a multifaceted transduction system that regulates cellular responses to incoming signaling ligands. STAT3 is a central member of the JAK/STAT signaling cascade and has long been recognized for its increased transcriptional activity in cancers and autoimmune disorders but has only recently been in the spotlight for its role in the progression of kidney disease. Although genetic knockout and manipulation studies have demonstrated the salutary benefits of inhibiting STAT3 activity in several kidney disease models, pharmacological inhibition has yet to make it to the clinical forefront. In recent years, significant effort has been aimed at suppressing STAT3 activation for treatment of cancers, which has led to the development of a wide variety of STAT3 inhibitors, but only a handful have been tested in kidney disease models. Here, we review the detrimental role of dysregulated STAT3 activation in a variety of kidney diseases and the current progress in the treatment of kidney diseases with pharmacological inhibition of STAT3 activity. Whether elevated plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) is a risk factor for the progression of kidney disease in general population has not been well established. The purpose of this study was to investigate the prognostic properties of plasma tHcy for renal function decrement and early chronic kidney disease (CKD) in community-dwelling populations with normal renal function at baseline.A total of 1,426 participants were enrolled and followed for a median of 4.8 years (interquartile range, 4.5–5.2), and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was evaluated. One main outcome was the rapid eGFR decline defined as a decline in eGFR of 3 mL/min per 1.73per year; the other was the new incidence of CKD.At the end of follow-up, the incidence of rapid eGFR decline and new-onset CKD was 20.7 and 5.6%, respectively. In multivariate linear regression analysis, age, central pulse pressure, fasting blood glucose, and concentration of tHcy were independent determinants of the change in eGFR. There was a graded association between tHcy quartiles and eGFR decline. Compared with participants with the lowest quartile of tHcy levels, those with the highest quartile had significantly increased risk for rapid eGFR decline (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.81; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25–2.94) and new onset of CKD (adjusted hazard ratio = 4.29; 95% CI: 1.42–12.99) after adjusting for various confounders. Similarly, significant associations were also found when baseline tHcy was classified as hyperhomocysteinemia (15 μmol/L) versus normal tHcy level (≤15 μmol/L). However, there was only association between the change in tHcy levels and new occurrence of CKD but not with rapid eGFR decline (aOR = 0.99,= 0.613).In this prospective cohort of individuals from community-based population, elevated plasma tHcy emerged as an independent predictor of renal function decline and incident CKD, which might support selection of at-risk individuals. Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a major public health problem that complicates 10–40% of hospital admissions. Importantly, AKI is independently associated with increased risk of progression to chronic kidney disease, end-stage renal disease, cardiovascular events, and increased risk of in-hospital and long-term mortality. The chloride content of intravenous fluid has garnered much attention over the last decade, as well as its association with excess use and adverse outcomes, including AKI. Numerous studies show that changes in serum chloride concentration, independent of serum sodium and bicarbonate, are associated with increased risk of AKI, morbidity, and mortality. This comprehensive review details the complex renal physiology regarding the role of chloride in regulating renal blood flow, glomerular filtration rate, tubuloglomerular feedback, and tubular injury, as well as the findings of clinical research related to the chloride content of intravenous fluids, changes in serum chloride concentration, and AKI. Chloride is underappreciated in both physiology and pathophysiology. Although the exact mechanism is debated, avoidance of excessive chloride administration is a reasonable treatment option for all patients and especially in those at risk for AKI. Therefore, high-risk patients and those with “incipient” AKI should receive balanced solutions rather than normal saline to minimize the risk of AKI. The mechanism that explains the association of APOL1 variants with nondiabetic kidney diseases in African Americans remains unclear. Kidney disease risk is inherited as a recessive trait, and many studies investigating the intracellular function of APOL1 have indicated the APOL1 variants G1 and G2 are associated with cytotoxicity. Whether cytotoxicity results from the absence of a protective effect conferred by the G0 allele or is induced by a deleterious effect of variant allele expression has not be conclusively established. A central issue hampering basic biology studies is the lack of model systems that authentically replicate APOL1 expression patterns. APOL1 is present in humans and a few other primates and appears to have important functions in the kidney, as the kidney is the primary target for disease associated with the genetic variance. There have been no studies to date assessing the function of untagged APOL1 protein under native expression in human or primate kidney cells, and no studies have examined the heterozygous state, a disease-free condition in humans. A second major issue is the chronic kidney disease (CKD)-associated APOL1 variants are conditional mutations, where the disease-inducing function is only evident under the appropriate environmental stimulus. In addition, it is possible there may be more than one mechanism of pathogenesis that is dependent on the nature of the stressor or other genetic variabilities. Studies addressing the function of APOL1 and how the CKD-associated APOL1 variants cause kidney disease are challenging and remain to be fully investigated under conditions that faithfully model known human genetics and physiology.  Chronic hepatitis C (HCV) virus infection reactivates under immunosuppressive drugs and therefore has a negative impact on long-term survival of kidney transplant recipients. Treatment-induced clearance of hepatitis C virus (HCV) in kidney transplant candidates prevents virus reactivation after transplantation. Paritaprevir/Ritonavir/Ombitasvir with Dasabuvir (PrOD) represents a highly effective treatment regimen for HCV genotype 1 (GT1), also suitable for patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Serious drug-drug interactions may represent a limiting factor of this regimen. The aim of this retrospective study was to evaluate safety, efficacy and drug-drug interactions management associated with PrOD treatment in the Czech real-world cohort.Emphasizing concomitant medication adjustment, we described the treatment course with PrOD regimen in 23 patients (4 with CKD4 and 19 on maintenance haemodialysis) infected with HCV GT1 (21 GT1b, 2 GT1a), 18 males and 5 females with an average age of 53.7 years. Six patients had compensated liver cirrhosis and 3 of them were liver transplant recipients.All 23 patients completed the 12-week treatment and achieved sustained virological response 12 weeks after the treatment (SVR12 rate 100%). None of the patients presented with a significant decrease in haemoglobin level, white blood cell and platelet count during the treatment period. The most frequent adverse events were nausea, hypotension, diarrhoea, and hyperkalemia. Four patients presented with a serious adverse event unrelated to the antiviral drugs (salmonellosis, non-functional kidney graft rejection, early gastric cancer, renal cyst infection, initiation of haemodialysis). Concomitant medication had to be modified with the treatment initiation in 10 out of 23 (43.5%) patients (calcium channel blockers, ACE inhibitors, statins, diuretics, tacrolimus); four patients required further adjustment of antihypertensive drugs or tacrolimus dosage on-treatment.PrOD regimen demonstrated an excellent efficacy and good tolerability. Both prospective adjustment of concomitant medication and further on-treatment adjustment allowed for a safe treatment course.Lithium has been a valuable treatment for bipolar affective disorders for decades. Clinical use of lithium, however, has been problematic due to its narrow therapeutic index and concerns for its toxicity in various organ systems. Renal side effects associated with lithium include polyuria, nephrogenic diabetes insipidus, proteinuria, distal renal tubular acidosis, and reduction in glomerular filtration rate. Histologically, chronic lithium nephrotoxicity is characterized by interstitial nephritis with microcyst formation and occasional focal segmental glomerulosclerosis. Nevertheless, this type of toxicity is uncommon, with the strongest risk factors being high serum levels of lithium and longer time on lithium therapy. In contrast, in experimental models of acute kidney injury and glomerular disease, lithium has antiproteinuric, kidney protective, and reparative effects. This paradox may be partially explained by lower lithium doses and short duration of therapy. While long-term exposure to higher psychiatric doses of lithium may be nephrotoxic, short-term low dose of lithium may be beneficial and ameliorate kidney and podocyte injury. Mechanistically, lithium targets glycogen synthase kinase-3β, a ubiquitously expressed serine/threonine protein kinase implicated in the processes of tissue injury, repair, and regeneration in multiple organ systems, including the kidney. Future studies are warranted to discover the exact “kidney-protective dose” of lithium and test the effects of low-dose lithium on acute and chronic kidney disease in humans.Measurements of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and renal plasma flow (RPF) were performed in close connection with roentgenographic estimation of kidney size, before and after hypophysectomy, in 10 patients (four cases of metastatic mammary carcinoma, five cases of diabetic retinopathy and one case of acromegaly).Hypophysectomy was regularly followed by a decrease in GFR and RPF. In most cases, a reduction in the roentgenographic kidney size was also observed. However, the changes in the roentgenographic kidney size and calculated kidney weight after hypophysectomy were smaller and occurred at a slower rate than the alterations in GFR and RPF. The results favour the view that, primarily, the decrease in GFR and RPF following hypophysectomy is essentially functional rather than due to a reduced kidney mass.Renal cell carcinoma (RCC) is the most common type of kidney cancer in adults. Nephron sparing resection (partial nephrectomy) has been the “gold standard” for the treatment of resectable disease. With the widespread use of cross sectional imaging techniques, more cases of renal cell cancers are detected at an early stage, i.e. stage 1A or 1B.This has provided an impetus for expanding the nephron sparing options and especially, percutaneous ablative techniques.Percutaneous ablation for RCC is now performed as a standard therapeutic nephron-sparing option in patients who are poor candidates for resection or when there is a need to preserve renal function due to comorbid conditions, multiple renal cell carcinomas, and/or heritable renal cancer syndromes. During the last few years, percutaneous cryoablation has been gaining acceptance as a curative treatment option for small renal cancers. Clinical studies to date indicate that cryoablation is a safe and effective therapeutic method with acceptable short and long term outcomes and with a low risk, in the appropriate setting.In addition it seems to offer some advantages over radio frequency ablation (RFA) and other thermal ablation techniques for renal masses.The thrombotic microangioapathy (TMA) syndromes are characterized by concomitant occurrence of severe thrombocytopenia, microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, and ischemic end organ dysfunction often of the kidneys. While several of their features overlap in terms of clinical presentation, the pathophysiology and underlying causes of each form of primary TMA are quite unique. Over the last decade, researchers’ understanding of these underlying causes has accelerated dramatically, providing transformative approaches to the way patients with these disorders are diagnosed, followed, stratified, and treated. These targeted approaches have led to rapidly evolving patient outcomes including the development of novel therapeutic approaches to prevent and treat kidney disease in these patients. Low socioeconomic status, race, ethnicity, and rural/remote populations are all associated with disparities in access, care, and outcomes for chronic kidney disease (CKD). There have been different interventions supported by Canadian renal programs to address these disparities. This article reviews the evidence for impact of strategies to reduce inequities experienced by vulnerable populations living with or at risk of CKD and to collate and share interprovincial targeted interventions through the newly formed “Canadian Senior Renal Leaders Community of Practice” focused on translating evidence into clinical practice and policy. Source of Information: A literature search of Medline, CINAHL, PubMed, and Google Scholar from 2008 to 2018 identified 13 reports of processes and interventions that have been implemented in Australia, Canada, and the United States to reduce inequities in CKD care and can be categorized into 3 broad areas: (1) early screening and prevention, (2) disease management and dialysis, and (3) pretransplant. Web sites from each Canadian jurisdiction and from Canadians Seeking Solutions and Innovations to Overcome Chronic Kidney Disease (Can-SOLVE CKD) Network were used to assess the current state of Canadian initiatives.Reviews were completed to gather information on renal initiatives for vulnerable populations, including (1) identification of populations that experience disparities in access to care or in outcomes in the context of CKD prevention and treatment and (2) interventions that have been implemented to reduce disparities in access, care, and outcomes for vulnerable populations with CKD. A current state summary of Canadian initiatives related to vulnerable populations was conducted through a review of publicly available information, including a review of renal program Web sites and a review of current projects related to vulnerable populations that are part of Can-SOLVE CKD. Can-SOLVE CKD is a Canadian Institutes of Health Research Strategy for Patient-Oriented Research (CIHR-SPOR) funded research network to transform the care of people affected by kidney disease. Key Findings: Interventions to improve inequities in access to CKD screening, disease management, and care are successful when developed with community engagement, provided to the patient in their own environment, and tailored to specific populations. Many provincial renal programs have implemented initiatives to support vulnerable populations with or at risk of CKD. Current projects funded through CIHR SPOR focus on underserved populations and involve partnerships with Indigenous populations. Many renal programs in Canada had or were in the process of implementing interventions to support vulnerable populations with CKD; however, information about the initiatives were not readily available online despite a strong interest and opportunity to support interprovincial knowledge sharing. Despite this common interest, little information is systematically shared between Canadian jurisdictions to support interprovincial sharing to promote evidence-informed policy and program development. Efforts will be made through the newly formed Canadian Senior Renal Leaders Community of Practice to collaborate and share learnings to inform future program and policy development, implementation, and evaluation.As this was not a systematic review, literature search only encompassed studies published in English between 2008 and 2018. It is possible that populations and interventions were overlooked during the search and through the screening process. Furthermore, the controversial definition of “vulnerable” and literature that only came from Canada, the United States, and Australia limits the generalizability of this review.  Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is associated with increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. In standard care, the physician attempts to control all known risk factors, but treatment goals are achieved with difficulty. Assistance by a multidisciplinary care team may improve outcomes.To compare the cardiovascular and renal endpoints between patients with CKD receiving care from excellent CKD and outpatient clinics.A retrospective cohort study was conducted in a primary care setting in Thailand. Patients with CKD stages 3 and 4 in excellent CKD ( = 96) and outpatient clinics ( = 192) were matched in a 1: 2 ratio with the propensity score. We collected data from electronic medical records concerning the incidences of primary composite outcomes including rapid renal progression, end-stage renal disease, myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure, stroke, and mortality. Multidisciplinary team care in the excellent CKD clinic consisted of physician, nurse, pharmacist, dietitian, physical therapist, and applied Thai traditional physician. The outpatient clinic consisted of physician care only.Subjects’ mean age was 64.54 ± 10.96 years, and 52.1% were female. During an average 49.63 ± 8.36 months of follow-up, 74 events occurred including 35 (47.30%) patients who experienced renal events, 29 (39.19%) who experienced cardiovascular events, and 10 (13.51%) who experienced loss of life. The Kaplan-Meier curve indicated a higher percentage of subjects without primary composite outcomes in the excellent CKD clinic than those in the outpatient clinic (66.85%; 95% CI 0.48–0.80 vs. 44.71%; 95% CI 0.29–0.60;= 0.005). From multivariate analysis, the excellent CKD clinic group had a 64% lower risk for primary composite outcomes compared with those in the outpatient clinic (adjusted HR 0.36; 95% CI 0.18–0.74;= 0.005).A multidisciplinary care system can reduce composition outcomes including cardiovascular and renal outcomes for the growing CKD population. The optimal outcomes arise from the medical personnel’s teamwork, not from one physician alone. Catheter-based renal denervation (RDN) has emerged as an innovative interventional approach for reducing blood pressure (BP), suppressing ventricular substrate remodeling, and attenuating heart failure, which suggests that it might reduce kidney fibrosis in a canine model of high-fat diet-induced hypertension. This study thus sought to assess whether RDN could reduce kidney fibrosis and halt the progression of renal impairment in a canine model of high-fat diet-induced hypertension.Thirty-two beagles were randomized into either the normal control group (normal diet,= 10) or the hypertension group (high-fat diet,= 22). After successful establishment of the model, the hypertension model group was randomized to either the RDN group ( = 9) or the sham-surgery group ( = 8). Renal artery angiography, BP, heart rate (HR), and blood and urine biochemistry results were assessed at 1, 3, and 6 months after surgery. Canines were sacrificed at 6 months after surgery. The extent of kidney interstitial fibrosis, transforming growth factor-beta 1, alpha-smooth muscle actin, connective tissue growth factor, and E-cadherin protein were measured.The group fed a high-fat diet had significantly ( ˂ 0.05) increased body weight, BP, and HR and higher levels of urine albumin, serum noradrenaline (NE), and angiotensin II (AngII) than the control group. The sham-surgery group and RDN group also had higher levels than the control group ( ˂ 0.05). Compared with the sham-surgery group, the RDN group had lower BP, urine albumin, serum NE, and AngII and less fibrotic tissue (all˂ 0.05).RDN reduced BP, slowed progression of albuminuria, and suppressed renal remodeling in a canine model of high-fat diet-induced hypertension. Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is a major source of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease. The injury of glomerulus in DKD is the primary focus; however, proximal tubulopathy also is an indispensable factor in the progression of DKD. Interleukin-37 (IL-37), an anti-inflammatory cytokine of IL-1 family member, has been demonstrated to be associated with diabetes and its relative complications in recent years, but the effect of IL-37 on renal fibrosis in DKD is unclear.We established streptozotocin plus high fat diet-induced DKD mice model with wild type or IL-37 transgenic mice. Masson and HE staining, immunostaining, and Western blot were used to observe renal fibrosis. In addition, RNA-sequencing was applied to explore the potential mechanisms of IL-37. In vitro, treatment of human proximal tubular (HK-2) cells with 30 mmol/L high glucose or 300 ng/mL recombinant IL-37 further elucidated the possible mechanism of IL-37 inhibition of DKD renal fibrosis.In this work, we first verified the decreased expression of IL-37 in kidney of DKD patient and its correlation with clinical features of renal impairment. Moreover, IL-37 expression markedly attenuated proteinuria and renal fibrosis in DKD mice. Using RNA-sequencing, we found and confirmed a novel role of IL-37 in ameliorating fatty acid oxidation (FAO) reduction of renal tubular epithelial cells both in vivo and in intro. In addition, further mechanistic studies showed that IL-37 alleviated the FAO reduction in HK-2 cells and renal fibrosis in DKD mice through upregulating carnitine palmitoyl-transferase 1A (CPT1A), an important catalyzer for FAO pathway.These data suggest that IL-37 attenuates renal fibrosis via regulating FAO in renal epithelial cells. Upregulation of IL-37 levels might be an effective therapeutic avenue for DKD.  The aim was to examine the role of angiotensin II type 1 receptors in dynamic autoregulation of renal blood flow (RBF) in endotoxemia.Experiments were performed on anesthetized rats 16 h after intraperitoneal lipopolysaccharide (LPS) or vehicle administration. After baseline measurements, groups Sham-Saline, LPS-Saline and LPS-Candesartan received isotonic saline or candesartan (10 µgi.v.). Data were collected during eight consecutive 20-min clearance periods (C1–8). Transfer function (TF) analysis in the frequency domain was used to examine dynamic autoregulation of RBF.Endotoxemic rats showed an approximate 50% reduction in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and RBF (p0.05 vs. Sham-Saline). Candesartan significantly increased RBF (+40 ± 6% vs. baseline; p0.05) but did not significantly influence GFR. Endotoxemic animals showed a normal myogenic response but had elevated TF gain values in the frequency range of the tubuloglomerular feedback mechanism (TGF; 0.01–0.03 Hz) reflecting impaired autoregulation (periods C3–4, 2.2 ± 1.6 vs. –2.6 ± 0.6 dB, p0.05, and C7–8, –0.4 ± 1.3 vs. –4.0 ± 0.8 dB, p0.05; in groups LPS-Saline and Sham-Saline, respectively). Candesartan normalized TF gain in this frequency range (periods C7–8, –6.1 ± 2.3 dB in group LPS-Candesartan, p0.05 vs. LPS-Saline).Candesartan ameliorates the adverse effect of endotoxin on the TGF component of dynamic autoregulation of RBF.Clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) represents 80% of all kidney cancers and has a poor prognosis. Newly discovered types of programmed cell death, ferroptosis and disulfidptosis, could have a direct impact on the outcome of KIRC cancer. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs), which possess stable structures, can influence cancer prognosis and might be potential prognostic prediction factors for KIRC cancer. This study aims to investigate the correlation between disulfidptosis-related ferroptosis-related lncRNA and ccRCC in terms of immunity and prognosis.Coexpression analysis was employed to identify disulfidptosis-related ferroptosis-related long non-coding RNAs (DRFRLs). Differential expression analysis of DRFRLs was conducted using the ‘limma’ package in R software, and the ‘ConsensusClusterPlus’ package was utilized to identify molecular subtypes. Prognostic DRFRLs were identified via univariate Cox analysis, and a prognostic model based on eight DRFRLs was constructed through Cox regression analysis and the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) algorithm. Kaplan-Meier (K-M) survival curve analysis and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis were utilized to evaluate the prognostic power of this model. Additionally, differences in biological function were investigated using Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG), while immunotherapy response was measured by utilizing tumor mutational burden (TMB) and tumor immune dysfunction and rejection (TIDE) scores. Single-cell analysis from the Tumor Immune Single Cell Center (TISCH) was employed to investigate cells with specific expression of the eight identified lncRNAs.Two clusters (A and B) of disulfidptosis-related ferroptosis-related long non-coding RNAs (DRFRLs) were identified. Survival analysis revealed that patients with subtype A had a higher probability of survival compared to those in subtype B, suggesting that subtype A predicts better survival. An eight-lncRNA signature was established through LASSO-Cox regression, and Kaplan-Meier curves validated the accuracy of prognostic features prediction (P0.001). This signature demonstrated excellent prognostic performance, with an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.762, 0.761, and 0.749 at 1, 3, and 5 years in the training set and 0.790, 0.739, and 0.726 in the testing set, respectively. In the single-cell dataset, LINC01534, FOXD2-AS1, AC002070.1, and AL158212.3 were found to be expressed, with FOXD2-AS1 and AC002070.1 specifically expressing in the KC tumor immune microenvironment.The proposed signature of eight lncRNAs is a promising biomarker for predicting clinical outcomes and therapeutic responses in patients with ccRCC.Until recently, no uniform standard existed for diagnosing and classifying acute renal failure. To clarify diagnosis, the Acute Dialysis Quality Initiative group stated its consensus on the need for a clear definition and classification system of renal dysfunction with measurable criteria. Today the term acute kidney injury has replaced the term acute renal failure, with an understanding that such injury is a common clinical problem in critically ill patients and typically is predictive of an increase in morbidity and mortality. A classification system, known as RIFLE (risk of injury, injury, failure, loss of function, and end-stage renal failure), includes specific goals for preventing acute kidney injury: adequate hydration, maintenance of renal perfusion, limiting exposure to nephrotoxins, drug protective strategies, and the use of renal replacement therapies that reduce renal injury.The renin-angiotensin-system (RAS) plays a critical role in diabetic nephropathy, and inhibitors of the RAS are central components in its therapy. Renin circulates in the blood in its active form but also in the form of its enzymatically inactive precursor prorenin. In humans, the plasma prorenin concentration exceeds that of active renin several times. While the plasma concentration of active renin is unchanged or even reduced in diabetic patients, the prorenin concentration increases significantly and it has been shown that high prorenin levels are associated with diabetic microvascular damage. Why prorenin increases in diabetes while active renin is reduced is unclear. Previous studies suggest that there may be formation of prorenin in the tubular system of diabetic kidneys. To investigate the functional consequences of possible tubular renin formation in diabetes, we generated mice with inducible tubule-specific deletion of the renin gene (tubule-renin KO).Under control conditions, tubule-renin KO had no apparent phenotype and plasma and tissue levels of renin and prorenin were similar to those of mice with intact tubular renin (control mice). In control mice type-1 diabetes (streptozotocin, STZ) for 8 to 12 weeks stimulated tubular renin mRNA and protein expression, especially in distal nephron segments including collecting ducts. This increase in renin synthesis in renal tubules was markedly attenuated or even absent in tubule-renin KO mice. Similar to diabetic patients, plasma prorenin was markedly elevated in diabetic control mice. This stimulation of plasma prorenin was absent in mice with tubule-specific deletion of the renin gene. Moreover, the high prorenin levels in renal tissue, which were observed in diabetic control mice, were markedly reduced in tubule-renin KO. Noteworthy, plasma renin activity was not reduced in tubule-renin KO compared with controls, suggesting that renal tubules of diabetic mice mainly release prorenin. Kidneys of control mice with intact tubular renin showed classical signs of diabetic renal damage, such as albuminuria, mesangial expansion, fibrosis, inflammation and capillary rarefaction. All of these parameters were significantly ameliorated in tubule-renin KO, indicating that tubular renin, most likely in its prorenin form, significantly aggravates renal damage in diabetes.These data provide clear evidence for the first time that the tubular renin system is an additional source for circulating prorenin in diabetes, hereby providing an explanation for the paradox regulation of active renin and prorenin in diabetes. Moreover, the data show that tubular renin markedly contributes to the progression of diabetic nephropathy.<jats:p id="p1">Objectives: Kidney damage caused by type-II diabetes mellitus (DM-II)
can disturb renal elasticity. There is a paucity of data whether early
kidney damage causes kidney stiffening. This comparative study aimed to
assess kidney elasticity in patients with DM-II with or without moderate
albuminuria using ultrasound based 2D shear wave velocity (2D-SWV).
Methods: For this prospective single center study, a sample size of at
least 32 was computed. Overall 57 cases (40 DM-II subjects with no
chronic kidney disease and 17 age and sex matched healthy controls) were
included. The DM-II subjects comprised moderate albuminuria (n=22) and
no-albuminuria (n=18) subgroups. Bilateral renal parenchymal 2D-SWV
values were separately measured from upper, mid and lower portions.
Groups were compared with T test or Mann-Whitney-U test as appropriate.
Inter-reader agreement was assessed by intra-class correlation
coefficient (ICC). Results: The median age [55.5 (50-62) vs 55
(48.5-59.5) years, respectively, p=0.48] and gender rates [18 (45%)
vs 10 (58.8%) females, respectively, p= 0.34] did not differ between
DM-II and control groups. The average and individual portion 2D-SWV
values were also similar (0.05 for all). The average
2D-SWV values were also similar between the albuminuria vs
no-albuminuria subgroups. The interobserver agreement was good (ICC:
0.66, 95% CI: 0.19-0.88, p=0.006). Conclusion: The kidney elasticity
does not seem to be disturbed in patients with diabetes and a preserved
eGFR with or without moderate albuminuria.Background: Chronic renal failure is defined as kidney damage, or a reduction inthe glomerular filtration rate, for three or more months. Few studies wereperformed regarding the oral health status of chronic renal failure patients in Sudan.Objective: Study aims to investigate the pattern of orofacial manifestations in patients with chronic renal failure in Sudan and how the disease affecting their oral health. Methods:The present study is a hospital based studyconducted at Dr. Salma Center for Treatment of Kidney diseases, University of Khartoum, Sudan and Department of Nephrology at Ahmed Gasim Hospital for Heart Surgery and Kidney Diseases –khartoum Bahri, Sudan, between January to June 2019. Two hundred and twenty six patients participated in the study. The frequency and pattern of orofacial manifestations among those patient in addition topresence of additional systemic diseases ,duration of dialysis and mean levels of urea ,creatinine and hemoglobin were all investigated. Results: Oral lesions were present in 103 out of 226 (45.6%) patients with chronic renal failure .Xerostomia was the most manifestation encountered [145 (64.2%)], followed by orofacial abcess , ulcers and candidiasis . Hypertention was the commonest systemic disease encountered .No significant difference was found regarding the orofacial manifestations with duration of dialysis ,urea ,hemoglobin and creatinine mean levels.: Prevalence of orofacial manifestations was significantly high amongCRF patients .Xerostomia was the main complaint recognized. The findings of the present study emphasize the importance of dental practitioners in monitoring the oral health of patients with chronicrenalfaliure, and the need for regular clinical examinations to ensure early diagnosis and management of patients.Background/Aims: A reduction in nephron endowment leading to reduced renal filtration surface area has been implicated in the development of hypertension. The aim of this study was to compare glomerular (and thereby nephron) number and renal filtration surface area in young Wistar-Kyoto rats (WKY) with young spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR), prior to the development of hypertension in this model. Methods: Using unbiased stereological methods the number and size of glomeruli, as well as total renal filtration surface area were determined in perfusion-fixed kidneys of 4-week-old WKY and SHR. Results: At 4 weeks of age, in weight-matched animals, there was no significant difference in the number of glomeruli in the kidneys of SHR compared to WKY (28,620 ± 1,643 and 25,670 ± 1,263 glomeruli/kidney, respectively). Similarly, there was no difference in mean glomerular volume (SHR: 4.70 ± 0.31 × 10WKY: 4.28 ± 0.20 × 10 ). Surprisingly, total renal filtration surface area was significantly greater in SHR than WKY (3,867 ± 116 and 3,176 ± 83 , respectively). Conclusion: The renal abnormality underlying the development of hypertension in the SHR is not due to inborn deficits in nephron endowment and/or filtration surface area.A dynamic rat renal medullary model was employed to study how independent control of excretion of various substances is achieved. Salt and water reabsorptive coupling was heterogenous in the distal nephron. Diversion of filtrate to juxtamedullary nephrons retained salt with little effect on water or urea, a response enhanced by concomitant reduction in inner medullary blood flow. Urine concentration required high permeability and low flow in medullary blood vessels and active inner medullary salt transport. Collecting duct urea movement was closely coupled to that of water and urea recycling was enhanced by incorporation of nephrovascular bundles.Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a frequent clinical problem with a high mortality rate, generally caused by ischemic insults. Nevertheless, the kidney has a remarkably high capacity to regenerate after ischemic injury. Tubular cells can restore renal function by proliferation and dedifferentiation into a mesenchymal cell type, but also stem cells residing in bone marrow may contribute. We compiled a protocol from several published methods to study the contribution of bone marrow-derived cells to renal regeneration. Bone marrow was isolated from donor FVB mice and labeled with enhanced green fluorescent protein (eGFP) through adenovirus transduction. After cell sorting, eGFP-labeled cells were transplanted in sublethally irradiated recipient FVB mice. Four weeks after transplantation, we provoked AKI in mice by inducing unilateral ischemic-reperfusion injury for 30 min. Seven days after the injury, eGFP-positive bone marrow-derived cells were clearly detectable in ischemic kidney tissue, and they contribute to the regeneration of approximately 10% of proximal tubular mass. In this review the advantages and shortcomings of our procedure are critically discussed and compared with other methods described. The UK lockdown in March provided an opportunity for William Johnston, Northern Ireland Kidney Care UK Advocacy Officer, to further benefit from the renal arts in managing his wellbeing and health A defective renal dopaminergic system has been suggested to contribute, via impaired sodium excretion, to the pathogenesis of hypertension. Data according renal dopamine (DA) release in hypertension, however, are inconsistent. In the present study, we compared urinary DA excretion (UV), plasma free DA (P), and renal tissue DA contents (T) of young spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR), Wistar–Kyoto (WKY), and Sprague–Dawley (SD) rats. Since the protein intake dominantly controls UV, fasted animals were used to exclude the influence of feeding. Conscious WKY and SHR had a similar UV which was lower compared to SD rats. Thiopental anesthesia increased UV in SHR and WKY but not in SD rats. T was higher in SHR compared to SD and WKY rats. To investigate the tubular capacity to generate DA, the response to L–DOPA infusion was assessed in two doses. 1 nmol/min/100 g body weight L–DOPA increased UV approximately 30–fold in all strains but did not affect tubular sodium excretion or renal hemodynamics. In contrast, infusion of 3 μmol/min/100 g body weight L–DOPA increased UV by five orders of magnitude and induced natriuresis, diuresis, and tachycardia. These effects were assigned to an increase in P and no significant differences were observed among the strains. We conclude that, regarding renal DA, (1) the differences among SHR, WKY, and SD rats rather appear to be strain related than hypertension associated; (2) the renal capacity of DA generation from L–DOPA is not impaired in SHR; (3) tubular DA at physiological concentrations does not alter sodium excretion significantly in normo– or hypertensive rats, and (4) the influence of anesthesia on UV should be considered in comparative studies. The renal bacterial colonization has not been explored so far.The aim of this study was to describe the renal microbiome and to determine differences of the renal microbiome in healthy and tumor-bearing parenchyma.Ten biopsies from patients undergoing laparoscopic nephrectomy for renal carcinoma with no history of urinary tract infections within the last 6 months were included in this study. The identification of all microorganisms was done using 16S DNA sequencing. The beta diversity analysis was performed by Bray-Curtis dissimilarity.In all kidney samples, a plethora of microorganisms was found, with significant differences between benign and malignant renal tissue (0.0001).There is evidence that healthy kidney tissue as well as renal cell cancer tissue have a specific microbiome, thus opening new perspectives in renal physiology and tumor pathogenesis.The lectins concanavalin A (Con A), wheat germ agglutinin (WGA), Ricinus communis agglutinin (RCA) I+II and the polycation protamine sulfate were applied directly to renal glomerular podocytes by micropuncture techniques in vivo; others received a control solution. To make visible the distribution of lectins, some rats were given fluorescein isothiocyanate-conjugated Con A. The glomeruli undergoing the micropuncture experiments were labeled and then prepared for SEM and TEM observation, in some cases also for histochemical analysis. Comparatively, the effect of application of the Con A and protamine sulfate solution by intraarterial infusion was studied. The glomeruli of a total of 100 Munich-Wistar rats were studied. Con A and WGA cause varying degrees of’retraction’ of the foot processes of the podocytes when applied using the techniques of micropuncture. Intraarterial infusion of a Con A solution, on the other hand, causes no changes in the podocytes. RCA II, applied for 10 min using micropuncture techniques, causes thickening and swelling of the foot processes as well as the formation of intercellular junctions (‘agglutination’). RCA I, on the other hand, causes no changes in the podocytes of the rat glomerulus. Glomeruli treated with the micropuncture application of the polycation protamine sulfate demonstrate largely ‘agglutination’ and only sometimes localized minimal retraction of the foot processes of the podocytes. The intraarterial infusion of protamine sulfate causes almost exclusively ‘agglutination’ of the podocyte foot processes. Retraction of the podocyte foot processes is probably a result of the active movement of the podocytes, which is in turn induced by attachment of lectines to the lectin receptors in glycocalyx of the podocyte cell membrane. Simple reduction of the polyanions in the podocyte cell membrane by protamine sulfate appears to cause only simple electrostatic interaction which then results in ‘agglutination’ of the podocyte foot processes.Background/Aims: To isolate key genes and pathways in renal cell carcinoma (RCC), which might reveal more evidences on the regulation network and contribute to pathogenic mechanisms of RCC. Methods: Microarray data of GSE34676, GSE23926 and GSE48008 were downloaded from Gene Expression Omnibus. Differentially expressed genes (DEGs) and differentially expressed miRNAs were respectively screened using Limma package, followed by the selection of CNV associated genes and miRNAs. A multi-molecular regulation interaction network was constructed, and significant modules were subsequently isolated from the network by Molecular Complex Detection (Mcode) of Cytoscape. Finally, GO terms and KEGG pathways of these genes and miRNAs in significant modules were enriched using DAVID. Results: Total 403 DEGs and 231 differentially expressed miRNAs were screened in RCC samples and normal group. Moreover, 1369 genes and 68 miRNAs were isolated by CNV analysis. Besides, a total of 59 miRNAs and 209 genes that related to 340 interaction pairs were analyzed and used to construct the network and 2 significant modules were identified. In the modules, CAV1 and CAV2 were shown to correlate with RCC. GNAI1, GPSM2 and GNAO1 were likely involved in the regulation of RCC through G protein signal transduction. Besides, G-protein coupled receptor protein signaling pathway, focal adhesion, MAPK signaling pathway and neuroactive ligand receptor interaction were enriched. Conclusion: Our study suggests that several crucial genes including CAV1,CAV2, GNAI1, GPSM2, and GNAO1 and pathways may play key roles in RCC progression.Glycerophosphorylcholine (GPC), sorbitol and inositol were quantitated in renal tubule suspensions from inner and outer medulla of untreated Sprague-Dawley rats to study the regulation of organic osmolyte concentrations under different metabolic conditions and varying extracellular osmolalities in vitro. Inner medullary tubules prepared in hypertonic saline (550 mosm/kg) contained osmolyte concentrations comparable to those found in the kidney in vivo. Incubation for up to 8 h at 5 mmol/l glucose increased sorbitol in the inner medullary tubules and medium in an osmolality-dependent fashion, whereas GPC and inositol remained constant. At a given glucose concentration the rate of sorbitol formation decreased linearly with increasing tubular sorbitol concentration, which was regulated by an osmolality-dependent export mechanism. Perturbation of tubular mechanisms by inhibition of glycolysis or oxidative phosphorylation did not change the tubular osmolyte content. In contrast to papilla outer medullary tubules contained only inositol. Lactate added as a metabolic substrate to the outer medullary tubules did not change the cellular inositol levels. In outer medullary tubules osmolality changes (320-710 mosm/kg) had no effect on tubular inositol. Addition of furosemide was without effect, when added in vitro. The results indicate that tubular sorbitol formation is regulated by glucose concentration, the level of tubular sorbitol, and an osmolality-dependent export mechanism. In contrast, cellular inositol and GPC levels seem to be independent of acute changes in tubular metabolism.Maintenance hemodialysis services continue to rise globally. We evaluated adherence to hemodialysis therapy and contributing factors among end-stage renal disease patients at Muhimbili National Hospital, Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. A cross-sectional study was done involving 265 end-stage renal disease patients who were being treated at Muhimbili National Hospital, in Dar es Salaam. The study population selected included adult patients (18 years and above) with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) who were on hemodialysis. Data were entered into SPSS and imported into STATA for analysis. Numeric variables were summarized using the mean and standard deviation, and categorical variables were summarized using frequencies and proportions. A log-binomial regression model was used to estimate the risk factors associated with non-adherence, while multivariable log-binomial regression was used to control for confounders and test for the effect modifiers. All tests were two-tailed and the significance level was set at 5%. The parameters used to assess non-adherence to hemodialysis therapy in this study were the skipping of one or more hemodialysis sessions within the most recent 1 month or shortening one or more hemodialysis sessions by 10 or more minutes within the most recent 1 month. A session missed due to hospitalization or other medical reasons was not considered as non-adherence. All 265 patients were included in the analysis, of whom 191 (72.1%) were males. The rate of full adherence to the hemodialysis sessions was 64.2%. However, factors associated with the adherence to hemodialysis were the source of funding for hemodialysis (RR = 0.70, 95% CI: 0.48, 0.96), the occupation of the respondents (RR = 1.59, 95% CI: 1.44, 1.94), marital status (RR = 1.97, 95% CI: 1.03, 3.77), and monthly income (RR = 0.92, 95% CI: 0.62, 1.51). Adherence to hemodialysis therapy among ESRD patients at Muhimbili National Hospital was high and within the range of most published studies. Hemodialysis attendance among participants depended on the source of funding, marital status, occupation, and monthly income. Patients should be informed by the health care workers on the importance of adhering to hemodialysis sessions. Further studies should be done to explore the factors influencing adherence to hemodialysis, as it was noted that adherence was low among some patients.60% trichloracetic acid (TCA) will dissolve the cells and mesangial matrix of isolated renal glomeruli before it dissolves the basement membranes (BM). With the removal of the mesangial cells and matrix, the paramesangial BM stands out in sharp relief. It is thicker than that of the capillary loops and is provided with prominent ridges and spurs. These thick collars of BM now border the narrow channels left after the removal of the mesangium. The channels communicate with the capillary lumens. They widen asynchronously with the continued action of the TCA leading at first to more axial cavitation of the lobules of the glomerulus and finally to the conversion of these lobules into sacs or cysts. This is brought about by the unfolding of the capillaries within the investing sheath of BM which is common to the capillary loops and the widened stalks and intercapillary axial portions of the mesangium.The effects of aldosterone on protein synthesis in the latent period were investigated on cultured renal collecting duct cells from neonatal rabbit kidneys. Tissue was incubated with radioactively labelled uridine and amino acids and then precipitated with trichloroacetic acid in order to determine the intracellular precursor pool and identify new synthesis of RNA and protein. During the latent period, aldosterone increased the intracellular radioactive uridine pool and total radioactive RNA content already 20 and 60 min after its application; conversely 40 min after aldosterone introduction, no stimulation was found. Further experiments revealed that the intracellular radioactive amino acid pool was generally increased by aldosterone after 20, 40 and 60 min, while a distinct increased radioactive protein content was found to be induced by aldosterone only after 40 min. This indicates that aldosterone increases the uptake of RNA and protein precursors and the new synthesis of RNA and proteins. These events seem to to be regulated not continously but intermittently. The induced proteins possibly take part in the mediation of the early hormone response. Experiments with the aldosterone antagonist, spironolactone, provide evidence for the specificity of the described hormone effects. The results after application of the N channel blocker, amiloride, and the N-ATPase inhibitor, G-strophanthin, indicate that the aldosterone effects are controlled by N channels and N pumps and therefore by the intracellular N content. The inhibitory effect of cycloheximide on the aldosterone-induced protein synthesis indicates the role of these proteins on the hormone-stimulated N transport.Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection is associated with many potentially fatal complications. Renal involvement in various forms is common in addition to serum electrolyte disturbances. Early reports suggest that hypokalaemia may frequent those with SARS-CoV-2 infection and various aetiological factors may cause this electrolyte disturbance. A Chinese retrospective study has demonstrated renal potassium wasting in patients infected with SARS-CoV-2, however, it is not known if these patients were receiving diuretic therapy which may be a contributing factor. This case report illustrates an example of renal potassium wasting in SARS-CoV-2 infection in the absence of diuretics and extra-renal mechanisms with important lessons learned. Distal renal tubular acidosis (dRTA) can be inherited or acquired. Case Presentation: Here, we describe the case of a 45-year-old female patient with non-anion gap metabolic acidosis, hypokalemia, and alkaline urine. She had a history of rheumatoid arthritis and kidney stones and failed to acidify urine upon the fludrocortisone and furosemide test. Therefore, the diagnosis of dRTA secondary to an autoimmune disease was made. A kidney biopsy was examined for markers of acid-secretory intercalated cells. Surprisingly, no obvious difference in the relative number of acid-secretory intercalated cells or in the distribution of major proteins involved in acid secretion was found. Furthermore, increasing doses of potassium citrate failed to correct the hypokalemia and acidosis. Since these findings were rather atypical for autoimmune dRTA, alternative causes of her hypokalemia and metabolic acidosis were sought. The patient was found to chronically consume laxatives, which can also cause kidney stones and may result in a false-positive urinary acidification test.Chronic laxative abuse may mimic dRTA and should therefore be considered in unexplained hypokalemia with non-anion gap metabolic acidosis. We have previously shown that transplantation of kidneys from genetically hypertensive to normotensive rats result in hypertension in renal graft recipients. To investigate whether this posttransplantation hypertension may have been the result of damage to the renal graft by high perfusion pressure before transplantation, we normalized blood pressure throughout life in spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR) kidney donors by continuous antihypertensive treatment with the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor ramipril (1 mg.kg-1.day-1 in drinking fluid). When kidneys from these rats were transplanted at age 20 wk to age-matched bilaterally nephrectomized F1 hybrids bred from SHR and Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) parents, posttransplantation hypertension still developed. In contrast, blood pressure did not change significantly in recipients of kidneys from ramipril-treated WKY rats. In the initial phase, recipients of SHR kidneys had a lower body weight and higher plasma urea concentrations than recipients of WKY kidneys. However, in the chronic phase, there were no significant differences between the two groups with respect to daily water intake, plasma urea concentration, glomerular filtration rate, renal blood flow, and weight of transplanted kidneys; no histological differences were observed between renal grafts from WKY and SHR donors, except for structural vascular hypertrophy in the latter group. We conclude that posttransplantation hypertension in recipients of SHR kidney grafts also develops, when the grafts have not been subjected to high renal perfusion pressure before transplantation. Our data support the hypothesis that SHR kidneys carry a primary defect, which can induce hypertension in renal graft recipients.  At present, the mortality rate of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) remains high. The development of biomarkers is conducive to the early diagnosis and treatment of cancer. This research aimed to explore the role of microRNA-204-5p and the downstream gene in ccRCC.We used bioinformatics analysis and qRT-PCR for measurement of microRNA-204-5p, qRT-PCR, and Western blot for GXYLT2 mRNA and protein levels, respectively. We conducted in vitro experiments like CCK-8, colony formation, Transwell, wound healing, and cell cycle assays to assess the role of microRNA-204-5p and GXYLT2 in ccRCC. Besides, the target relationship of microRNA-204-5p and GXYLT2 was confirmed through dual-luciferase assay.This study disclosed that microRNA-204-5p was underexpressed in ccRCC cells and tissues, which was closely associated with prognosis of patients with ccRCC. Stable forced expression of microRNA-204-5p hindered malignant phenotypes of ccRCC cells. Further detection unfolded that micro­RNA-204-5p bound the 3′-UTR of GXYLT2 to repress its expression. Besides, forced expression of microRNA-204-5p restored the promoting impact of overexpression of GXYLT2 on malignant progression of ccRCC cells.These findings revealed the vital role of microRNA-204-5p and GXYLT2 in ccRCC progression, as well as the possibility of microRNA-204-5p in improving ccRCC prognosis and treatment. Abstract
Introduction:Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a group of highly heterogeneous, complicated clinical syndromes. Although kidney biopsy plays an irreplaceable role in evaluating complex AKI, a few studies have focused on the clinicopathology of AKI biopsies. This study analyzed the pathological disease spectrum, causes, and renal outcomes of biopsied AKI patients.
Methods:We retrospectively included 2,027 AKI patients who underwent kidney biopsies at a national clinical research center of kidney diseases from 2013 through 2018. To compare the biopsied AKI cases without and with coexisting glomerulopathy, patients were classified into acute tubular/tubulointerstitial nephropathy-associated AKI (ATIN-AKI) and glomerular disease-associated AKI (GD-AKI) groups.Results:Of 2,027 biopsied AKI patients, 65.1% were male, with a median age of 43 years. A total of 1,590 (78.4%) patients had coexisting GD, while only 437 (21.6%) patients had ATIN alone. The AKI patients with GD mainly (53.5%) manifested as stage 1 AKI, while most ATIN-AKI patients (74.8%) had stage 3 AKI. In the ATIN-AKI group, 256 (58.6%) patients had acute interstitial nephritis (AIN), and 77 (17.6%) had acute tubular injury (ATI). ATIN-AKI was mainly caused by drugs in 85.5% of AIN and 63.6% of ATI cases, respectively. In AKI patients with coexisting GD, the leading pathological diagnoses in over 80% of patients were IgA nephropathy (IgAN,22.5%), minimal change disease (MCD,17.5%), focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS,15.3%), lupus nephritis (LN,11.9%), membranous nephropathy (MN,10.2%), and ANCA-associated vasculitis (AAV,4.7%). A total of 775 patients followed up within 3 months after renal biopsy; ATIN-AKI patients achieved statistically higher complete renal recovery than the GD-AKI patients (83.5% versus 70.5%, p0.001).Conclusions:Most biopsied AKI patients have coexisting GD, while ATIN alone is seen less frequently. ATIN-AKI is mainly caused by drugs. In GD-AKI patients, IgAN, MCD, FSGS, LN, MN, and AAV are the leading diagnoses. Compared to AKI patients without GD, patients with GD suffer from worse renal function recovery.Clearance methods, allowing for repeated use in the same animals, were applied in a cross-sectional study to establish the normal increase in renal function in rats. It was shown that the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and the effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) per gram of kidney was low in the 4-week-old rats. Levels comparable to those of adult rats were reached at an age of about 7 weeks. From that age on the GFR and the ERPF, as well as kidney weight, increased at a lower rate than did the body weight. The present findings, obtained by these rather simple techniques are, in general, concurrent with data from the literature on the development and maturation of renal function in rats.1. The aim of this study was to determine whether the urinary excretory function of the contralateral kidney is essential for angiotensin dependency in two-kidney, one-clip renal hypertensive rats. Ureteric ligation was used to abolish excretion from the contralateral kidney.2. Plasma renin activity (PRA), renal renin content (RRC) and the response of blood pressure to captopril were examined.3. The increase of blood pressure produced by the application of a clip to one renal artery was slightly accelerated by the ureteral ligation of the contralateral kidney.4. Ureteral ligation of the contralateral kidney did not alter the response to a single oral administration of captopril. PRA and RRC of both kidneys were not different between the ureteral ligated group and the group without ureteric ligation. The falls in blood pressure produced by captopril correlated with PRA in the two groups.5. These results suggest that the excretory function of the contralateral kidney is not essential for angiotensin dependency in the two-kidney, one-clip hypertensive rat model.Type-2 diabetes is a metabolic disorder with vast complications. Uric acid (UA) was recently discovered as a risk biomarker for the development of type-2 diabetes. Several studies have found a significant association of Hyperuricemia with Hypertension (HTN), renal complications and cardiovascular disease. However, no study has found an association of hyperuricemia with the development of essential hypertension, nephropathy and Diabetic Kidney Disease (DKD) among type-2 diabetics. Moreover, in the past no study has found cut off points for serum uric acids for the development of DKD/CKD among diabetics with sensitivity and specificity, which was achieved in the current study. We collected 10,300 type-2 diabetics data for more than 15 years in a cross sectional retrospective manner. 17% demonstrated hyperuricemia while 16% were found to be DKD. Significant correlations were found between serum UA and other variables (serum creatinine, systolic and diastolic BP, microalbumin and spot urine protein). Levels of UA were observed to be elevated among patients with HTN, nephropathy and DKD (0.0001). Similarly, serum creatinine, systolic and diastolic BP, microalbuminuria and spot urine protein were higher for the group with hyperuricemia (0.0001). Pearson’s (χ²) and logistic regression with odds ratio demonstrated that hyperuricemia was significantly associated with HTN (odds ratio 2.5; 95% CI 1.8 to 23.4; 0.0001). Similarly, hyperuricemia was significantly associated with the development of nephropathy and DKD/CKD; odds ratio 2.1 (95% CI 1.46 to 2.8; 0.0001) and 27.3 (95% CI 14 to 53; 0.0001), respectively. Moreover, regression model between serum UA and serum creatinine was also significantly associated with each other and proves our hypothesis that UA linearly causes an increase in the blood creatinine with the following relationship : Serum creatinine=0.221 + [0.154 × serum UA]. ROC for DKD and serum UA demonstrated that with AUC of 0.98 (95% CI 0.961 to 0.986), UA level of 6.8 was 91% sensitive and 79% specific for the development and significant association with DKD/CKD (0.0001). This is the first study of its kind that has demonstrated significant associations of UA with HTN, nephropathy and DKD. It is the time to revise the normal levels of UA among type-2 diabetics and to initiate regular screening for hyperuricemia to prevent further diabetes complications.Urate is reabsorbed throughout the accessible proximal tubule and, in nondiuretic animals, between the proximal and distal tubules. Proximal absorption of urate is diminished by volume expansion but not osmotic diuresis. The high performance liquid chromatographic method is satisfactory for estimation of urate in tubular samples.Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection is associated with many potentially fatal complications. Renal involvement in various forms is common in addition to serum electrolyte disturbances. Early reports suggest that hypokalaemia may frequent those with SARS-CoV-2 infection and various aetiological factors may cause this electrolyte disturbance. A Chinese retrospective study has demonstrated renal potassium wasting in patients infected with SARS-CoV-2, however, it is not known if these patients were receiving diuretic therapy which may be a contributing factor. This case report illustrates an example of renal potassium wasting in SARS-CoV-2 infection in the absence of diuretics and extra-renal mechanisms with important lessons learned.Although marked alterations in temperature often accompany ischemic, acute renal failure (ARF), the effects of altered temperature on renal structure and function have received little attention. In the present investigation, isolated rat kidneys perfused at 41°C had extensive tubular damage and decreased function compared to kidneys perfused at 37°C. In contrast, kidneys perfused at 30°C had less tubular damage, and better function, than kidneys perfused at 37°C. Increased temperature caused a 50% reduction in renal ATP (0.46 ± 0.04 µ/100mg tissue protein, 37°C, vs. 0.26 ± 0.03 µ100 mg tissue protein, 41°C; p0.05). The decreased ATP occurred despite reduced sodium reabsorption (129 ± 8 µ/min/g, 37°C, vs. 65 ± 12µmin/g, 41°C, p0.05) and normal renal oxygen consumption (QO). These results suggest that increased temperature may cause an uncoupling of QO and sodium chloride transport, and an increase in nontransport mediated, basal metabolic rate may result in depleted cellular ATP levels and renal tubular cell death.Renal arterial infusion of acetylcholine (ACh; 40 µg/min) in control dogs produced a sustained rise in urinary sodium excretion (UV) and in renal plasma flow (RPF). When prostaglandin (PG) synthesis was inhibited with indomethacin (5 mg/kg) ACh produced only a transient rise in UV and RPF followed by a progressive decline in UV and RPF. Renal arterial infusion of PGI (0.2 µg/min) restored the response to ACh to normal in indomethacin-treated dogs. The RPF was 84 ± 9 ml/min during control and increased to 132 ± 19 ml/min with the infusion of PGI (p0.01). RPF increased further to 188 ± 18 ml/min at 20-min infusion of ACh and was maintained at 189+14 ml/min at 100-min infusion of ACh (p0.01). Our data suggest that the initial rise in RPF by ACh is independent of the PG system, whereas maintenance of the rise in RPF by ACh requires an intact synthesis of PGs, presumably PGI2 synthesized in the vascular tissues.Blood oxygen level-dependent magnetic resonance imaging (BOLD MRI) has recently been utilized as a noninvasive tool for evaluating renal oxygenation. Several methods have been proposed for analyzing BOLD images. Regional ROI selection is the earliest and most widely used method for BOLD analysis. In the last 20 years, many investigators have used this method to evaluate cortical and medullary oxygenation in patients with ischemic nephropathy, hypertensive nephropathy, diabetic nephropathy, chronic kidney disease (CKD), acute kidney injury and renal allograft rejection. However, clinical trials of BOLD MRI using regional ROI selection revealed that it was difficult to distinguish the renal cortico-medullary zones with this method, and that it was susceptible to observer variability. To overcome these deficiencies, several new methods were proposed for analyzing BOLD images, including the compartmental approach, fractional hypoxia method, concentric objects (CO) method and twelve-layer concentric objects (TLCO) method. The compartmental approach provides an algorithm to judge whether the pixel belongs to the cortex or medulla. Fractional kidney hypoxia, measured by using BOLD MRI, was negatively correlated with renal blood flow, tissue perfusion and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in patients with atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis. The CO method divides the renal parenchyma into six or twelve layers of thickness in each coronal slice of BOLD images and provides a R2* radial profile curve. The slope of the R2* curve associated positively with eGFR in CKD patients. Indeed, each method invariably has advantages and disadvantages, and there is generally no consensus method so far. Undoubtedly, analytic approaches for BOLD MRI with better reproducibility would assist clinicians in monitoring the degree of kidney hypoxia and thus facilitating timely reversal of tissue hypoxia. Renal blood flow (RBF) autoregulation was examined in the clipped and nonclipped kidneys in two groups of two-kidney, one-clip (2K-1C) hypertensive rats 10 wk after clipping. The arterial pressure distal to the clip and the renin secretion rate (RSR) were also examined. The blood pressure (BP) was 149 +/- 4 and 162 +/- 6 mmHg in the two hypertensive groups vs. 114 +/- 3 mmHg in the controls (P less than 0.02). The RBF (in ml X min-1 X kidney-1) was 4.27 +/- 0.41 in the nonclipped and 2.18 +/- 0.23 in the clipped kidneys (P less than 0.001). The pressure distal to the clip was 104 +/- 7 mmHg. The renal vascular resistance (RVR) (in mmHg X ml-1 X min-1 X g-1) was 25.0 +/- 1.4 in the control kidneys vs. 58.4 +/- 4.5 in the nonclipped (P less than 0.001) and 39.9 +/- 6.6 in the clipped kidneys (P less than 0.01). The RBF autoregulation was well preserved in the nonclipped kidneys but reset to a higher lower pressure limit of autoregulation of 106 +/- 4 mmHg, which was significantly higher than in the normotensive controls (84 +/- 6 mmHg) (P less than 0.01). In the clipped kidneys there was complete loss of RBF autoregulation. RSR decreased with reduction of the perfusion pressure in the clipped kidneys. The increased RVR might have been due to a combination of structural and functional changes in both kidneys. Kidney AE1 (kAE1) is a glycoprotein responsible for the electroneutral exchange of chloride for bicarbonate, promoting the reabsorption of bicarbonate into the blood by α-intercalated cells of the collecting tubule. Mutations occurring in the gene encoding kAE1 can induce defects in urinary acidification resulting in distal renal tubular acidosis (dRTA). We expressed two kAE1 dRTA mutants, A858D, a mild dominant mutation, and ΔV850, a recessive mutation, in epithelial Madin-Darby canine kidney (MDCK) cells. Individuals heterozygous with wild-type (WT) kAE1 either did not display any symptoms of dRTA (ΔV850/WT) or displayed a mild incomplete form of dRTA (A858D/WT), while compound heterozygotes (ΔV850/A858D) had dRTA. We found that the A858D mutant was slightly impaired in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) exit but could target to the basolateral membrane of polarized MDCK cells. Despite an altered binding to an inhibitor affinity resin, anion transport assays showed that the A858D mutant was functional at the cell surface. The ΔV850 mutant showed altered binding to the affinity resin but was predominantly retained in the ER, resulting in undetectable AE1 expression at the basolateral membrane. When coexpressed in MDCK cells, the WT protein, and to a lesser extent the A858D mutant, enhanced the cell surface expression of the ΔV850 mutant. The ΔV850 mutant also affected the cell surface expression of the A858D mutant. Compound heterozygous (A858D/ΔV850) patients likely possess a decreased amount of functional anion exchangers at the basolateral membrane of their α-intercalated cells, resulting in impaired bicarbonate transport into the blood and defective acid transport into the urine.Ion channels, solute transporters, aquaporins, and factors required for signal transduction are vital for kidney function. Because mutations in these proteins or in associated regulatory factors can lead to disease, an investigation into their biogenesis, activities, and interplay with other proteins is essential. To this end, the yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae , represents a powerful experimental system. Proteins expressed in yeast include the following: 1) ion channels, including the epithelial sodium channel, members of the inward rectifying potassium channel family, and cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator; 2) plasma membrane transporters, such as the Na-ATPase, the Na-phosphate cotransporter, and the NaATPase; 3) aquaporins 1–4; and 4) proteins such as serum/glucocorticoid-induced kinase 1, phosphoinositide-dependent kinase 1, Rh glycoprotein kidney, and trehalase. The variety of proteins expressed and studied emphasizes the versatility of yeast, and, because of the many available tools in this organism, results can be obtained rapidly and economically. In most cases, data gathered using yeast have been substantiated in higher cell types. These attributes validate yeast as a model system to explore renal physiology and suggest that research initiated using this system may lead to novel therapeutics. The 86 Rb-accumulation technique was adapted to the study of intracortical peritubule plasma flow patterns in the rat kidney. A rapid intravenous bolus of 86Rb (50 micronCi) was given to anesthetized nondiuretic rats. One kidney pedicle was tied at 6 s, the other at 12 s. In group I (1o rats) [3H]PAH clearance was measured prior to the 86Rb bolus. In group II (six rats) 86Rb and [3H]PAH (100 micronCi) were given together. The kidneys were snap-frozen, then sliced at -6 degrees C. There were no differences in renal plasma flow (RPF) as measured by either tracer in either group, no differences in the intracortical distribution of [3H]PAH and 86Rb, and no changes in the 86Rb distribution between 6 and 12 s. Tissue plasma flow (TPF) as measured by 86Rb in ml/min per g was 3.88 +/- 0.22 (SE) (142% of RPF/g kidney wt) for cortex 1 (outermost), 3.90 +/- 0.21 for cortex 2, 3.26 +/- 0.14 for cortex 3 (P less than 0.025), 2.17 for cortex 4 (P less than 0.001), 1.34 for cortex-medulla junction (P less than 0.001), and 0.88 +/- 0.07 for outer stripe (P less than 0.001). Peritubular capillary plasma flow, derived as TPF minus GRF/g in each slice, fell progressively from cortex 1 to outer stripe. This is thought to represent lower perfusion rate of "medullary rays." Colistin is a cationic polypeptide antibiotic used for treatment of gram-negative infections. Nephrotoxicity is one of the most common adverse effects of colistin.To determine the epidemiology of colistin nephrotoxicity and also to compare the changing pattern of kidney injury molecule 1 (KIM-1) in urine with serum creatinine and urine during the treatment with colistin in patients admitted to intensive care unit (ICU).Patients and Methods:During 13 months, all patients admitted to adult ICUs of two university hospitals without any documented history of acute or chronic kidney diseases receiving at least one week of colistin were included. Required demographic, clinical, and paraclinical data of the study population was collected. Urinary and serum levels of creatinine, urea, sodium, potassium, magnesium, and KIM-1 were measured at six time points including days zero, 3, 5, 7, 10, and 14 of colistin treatment.Six patients (18.18%) developed nephrotoxicity during colistin treatment. Nephrotoxicity was resolved without any intervention in three individuals. None of studied demographic, clinical and laboratory characteristics of the patients had a significant association with the incidence of colistin nephrotoxicity. The pattern of KIM-1 urine level during the course of colistin treatment did not differ significantly among patients with and without nephrotoxicity. The accuracy of KIM-1 urine level in detecting colistin nephrotoxicity was significantly lower than that of serum creatinine on days 0th, 3rd, 5th and 7th.Nephrotoxicity of colistin is a common complication, usually reversible, KIM-1 was not more accurate than serum creatinine or urine in detecting nephrotoxicity of colistin. Mrs MO, a 76-year-old woman who regularly receives dialysis, was admitted to her hospital's orthopaedic ward after fracturing her neck of femur. Adrian Coleman and Mee Onn Chai discuss the use of morphine in those with end-stage renal disease and why it is contraindicated in this patient group.  Mr CR has heart failure and chronic kidney disease (CKD). He visits the GP with shortness of breath and fatigue and, suspecting his heart failure has worsened, the GP prescribes spironolactone. Adrian Coleman and Mee Onn Chai discuss the use of this aldosterone antagonist in patients with CKD.  Estimates were obtained both with a rapid-transient technique and under steady-state conditions of the average time required for filtered solutes in the intact rabbit kidney to cross tubular epithelium from tubular lumen into the peritubular inulin space. This interval, defined as the transepithelial passage time, was relatively short (about 15 s) for glucose, in agreement with earlier results in the dog. In contrast, several amino acids required an average transepithelial passage time of about 40 s. Values for aspartate could only be obtained when its large basolateral uptake was inhibited by excess succinate. The long transepithelial passage time may be due to the slow extrusion of reabsorbed amino acids across basolateral cell membranes. This hypothesis was supported by the extent of tissue accumulation of amino acids during reabsorption. Even though basolateral transfer may thus limit the linear rate of movement of filtered amino acids across the epithelium, the step determining fractional absorption from the lumen is situated at the brush border.  Growth hormone (GH) exerts a variety of metabolic and anabolic effects on skeletal and soft tissues including kidney. Some of these actions are mediated directly, whereas others result from GH-dependent synthesis and release of polypeptide growth factors designated insulin-like growth factors (IGFs). Receptors for GH are present in proximal tubule and GH directly stimulates gluconeogenesis at this site. IGF receptors are found in glomerulus and proximal tubule. Mechanisms for signal transduction by GH and IGFs have been characterized using proximal tubular basolateral membranes. IGFs regulate metabolic and transport processes in cultured glomerular mesangial cells and in isolated proximal tubular cells. IGF I is synthesized in cultured mesangial cells and is produced in a GH-dependent manner in cortical and medullary collecting duct. Evidence has accumulated that IGF I of renal origin functions as a paracrine growth factor in the settings of GH-induced hypertrophy and compensatory hypertrophy of the kidney, and in the setting of proximal tubular regeneration following ischemic injury. IGFs are embryonal mitogens and IGF II may act as a transforming agent for Wilms' tumor. Further characterization of the GH-IGF axis in kidney will provide additional insights into the roles of these peptides as regulators of renal function, growth, and development. Identifying genes underlying common forms of kidney disease in humans has proven difficult, expensive, and time consuming. Quantitative trait loci (QTL) for several complex traits are concordant among mice, rats, and humans, suggesting that genetic findings from these animal models are relevant to human disease. Therefore, we reviewed the literature on genetic studies of kidney disease in rat and mouse and examined the concordance between kidney disease QTL across species. Fifteen genomic regions contribute to kidney disease in the rat, with 12 replicated either in a separate rat cross or in another species. Five loci found in humans were concordant to QTL found in the rat. Two of these were found by homology to a previously identified rat QTL on chromosome 1, demonstrating that kidney disease loci in animal models can predict the location of kidney disease loci in humans. In contrast to the rat, the mouse has been underutilized in the genetic analysis of polygenic kidney disease, although mutagenesis and QTL analysis in the mouse are likely to contribute new findings in the near future. Knowledge of kidney disease loci conserved between the mouse and rat will identify prime candidate loci to test for association with chronic kidney disease in humans. Renal levels of glutathione are markedly decreased during periods of renal ischemia due to catabolism to cysteine. We previously demonstrated that cysteine accumulates in the tissue as the thiol during ischemia, and resumption of blood flow causes a transient elevation of cysteine levels in the renal venous effluent and return of tissue cysteine levels to control values. In this study, the oxidation state of renal venous cyst(e)ine was determined. Although cysteine accumulated as the reduced thiol during ischemia, cysteine released into the renal vein upon blood reflow was found to be almost entirely in the disulfide form. To distinguish between oxidation of arterial cysteine and renal cysteine formed from ischemia-induced reduced glutathione (GSH) catabolism, a labeling procedure was developed to label kidney GSH with 35S without significant labeling of arterial plasma cyst(e)ine. With this procedure, the source of oxidized cysteine that appeared in the renal venous plasma after ischemia was identified as resulting from renal GSH catabolism. The data indicate that a rapid oxidative process occurs during the initial period of blood reflow to the postischemic kidney. After 35 min of ischemia, 3 mumol cysteine/g dry wt were released from the kidney and oxidized. Cysteine oxidation is also expected to generate oxygen-centered free radicals. Pretreatment of animals with deferoxamine, a iron chelator, was without effect on the relative amount of venous cysteine in the oxidized form, arguing against a role for free iron in this oxidative process.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) We report a case of renal tumor presented to us as a case of renal abscess extending to subcutaneous space and finally she was diagnosed as a case of renal cell carcinoma with metastatic para-caval lymphadenopathy. Renal cell carcinoma rarely present with renal and perinephric abscess. The association of renal tumor with renal and subcutaneous abscess can lead to misinterpretation on standard imaging procedures and subsequently mislead to select optimum treatment option. Malignancy may be considered as an underlying cause for the formation of a renal abscess, especially if no other predisposing factors such as diabetes or urinary stones are present.
Bangladesh Journal of Urology, Vol. 16, No. 1, Jan 2013 p.33-34 The effects of chronic blockade of single kidney tubules on glomerular capillary pressure (GCP) and blood flow were examined in anesthetized rats. Tubule blockade with castor oil for 24 h decreased GCP from 48.0 +/- 3.8 to 39.5 +/- 4.7 mmHg (P less than 0.001). The full decrease in GCP observed at 24 h was apparent by about 12 h. Bilateral ureteral obstruction for 24 h prevented a decrease in GCP. Nonradioactive microspheres (8.4 +/- 0.84 micron diam) were used to assess relative blood flow to blocked and normal nephrons. These microspheres were completely extracted by rat kidneys and had no effect on total renal blood flow. The ratio of microsphere counts in glomeruli of blocked versus normal nephrons averaged 0.61 +/- 0.21, indicating a significantly (P less than 0.001) decreased glomerular blood flow in nephrons obstructed for 24 h. Since both GCP and blood flow were reduced after tubule obstruction, afferent arteriolar constriction is involved. The data suggest a local mechanism activated by prolonged tubule blockade which shifts filtrate formation and blood flow away from blocked nephrons.  Prostaglandins (PG) stimulate renin secretion through a mechanism that does not require activation of the intrarenal vascular, macula densa (MD), or beta-adrenergic receptors. In the present study the isolated perfused rat kidney was used to study the role of PG as a mediator of renin secretion when extracellular calcium was decreased and after activation of each of the intrarenal receptors. A decrease in extracellular calcium resulted in an increase in renin (from 2.1 to 4.5 ng ANG I/ml, P less than 0.01) and a decrease in PGE2 excretion (from 102 to 44 pg X min-1 X g-1, P less than 0.01). PG synthesis inhibition with indomethacin did not attenuate the increase in renin secretion. Following beta-receptor stimulation with isoproterenol, there was an increase in renin (from 2.1 to 6.6 ng ANG I/ml, P less than 0.01) not associated with changes in PGE2 excretion and not prevented by PG inhibition. When the isolated vascular receptor was stimulated by perfusing either filtering or nonfiltering kidneys below the autoregulatory range of pressure, both renin and PGE2 production were increased, and the increases were prevented by PG inhibition. The MD was activated by three methods: eliminating distal nephron fluid delivery by perfusing with hyperoncotic albumin; perfusing at 60 mmHg in the presence of papaverine; and limiting chloride transport by partially replacing chloride with nitrate in the perfusate. In each circumstance renin and PGE2 production were increased and the increase was prevented by PG inhibition.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) Integrins are heterodimeric cell surface receptors that mediate heterophilic cell-cell interactions and interactions between cells and the extracellular matrix (Hynes RO. Cell 69: 11–25, 1991). As such, they are involved in morphogenetic processes during development, as well as in the maintenance of normal tissue architecture in fully developed organs. Integrins are now recognized to be a large family of receptors, and several different integrins have been demonstrated as being expressed in the developing and adult kidney (Korhonen M, Ylkanne J, Laitinen L, and Virtanen I. Development 122: 3537–3547, 1996; Rahilly MA and Fleming S. J Pathol 167: 327–334, 1992). This review will summarize present knowledge about integrin expression in the developing, normal, and diseased kidney and attempt to provide a hypothetical framework for understanding integrin function in the urogenital system. Since the last time this area was reviewed (Hamerski DA and Santoro S. Curr Opin Nephrol Hypertens 8: 9–14, 1999), there have been significant publications on the roles of integrins in kidney development and disease. At present, there are many more questions than answers, and integrins present an area where many novel and exciting findings will emerge in the coming years. We analyzed the renal functional responses in all rats 4-6 wk after application of a clip to one renal artery and maintained on either a normal NaCl-intake or a NaCl-depletion protocol utilizing both clearance methods and micropuncture evaluations of glomerular hemodynamics. Although mean arterial pressure (MAP) rose significantly, the response was quite variable and the frequency and degree of hypertension independent of NaCl dietary protocol (142 +/- 7 vs. 137 +/- 6 mmHg, NS). Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of the unclipped kidney was well maintained regardless of absolute MAP, however, GFR in the clipped kidney was somewhat MAP dependent. The glomerular ultrafiltration coefficient (LpA) was reduced in all clipped rats independent of MAP and dietary NaCl (0.037 +/- 0.002 vs. 0.063 +/- 0.009 nl X s-1 X mmHg-1, P less than 0.05). Glomerular capillary hydrostatic (PG) and glomerular capillary hydrostatic gradient (delta P) were elevated in all clipped rats, regardless of MAP, and to a greater extent in clipped rats maintained on the NaCl-depletion protocol (PG, 59.6 vs. 53.2, P less than 0.05). Among clipped rats, multiple regression analysis revealed no correlation between PG or delta P and the degree of reduction in LpA. The unclipped kidney of the two-kidney, one-clip model is characterized by uniform reductions in LpA independent of the MAP and awake blood pressure produced. Although the increase in PG and delta P may contribute to the reduction in LpA observed, the degree of LpA reduction is independent of the magnitude of elevation in PG and delta P in clipped rats.  The sympathetic innervation of the renal tubules and vasculature was characterized by measuring the overlap of accumulations of autoradiographic grains (AAGs) on these structures in autoradiograms of kidney sections from rats injected with tritiated norepinephrine. AAG overlap was used as an indirect measure of the innervation of those structures. The renal vasculature showed x 4.5 more AAG overlap than observed on renal tubules. The greatest amount of AAG overlap occurred on afferent arterioles, followed by efferent arterioles, interlobular arteries, cortical capillaries, arcuate arteries, and renal veins. High concentration of AAGs occurred along the vascular bundles of the outer stripe. In the tubular nephron the proximal tubule had the greatest amount of AAG overlap, followed by the cortical thick ascending limb of Henle, the connecting tubule, the distal convoluted tubule, and the collecting duct. It was found that afferent arterioles had significantly higher mean density of AAG overlap than efferent arterioles for the superficial, midcortical, and juxtamedullary (vascular bundles excluded) renal cortex. There was consistently more AAG perimeter facing the interstitium than overlapping the vasculature. These observations, together with the ultrastructural distribution of synaptic vesicles in varicosities, suggest that the interstitium might be an additional pathway of neurotransmitter access to the effector structures. Renal transplant recipients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) often develop abnormal glucose metabolism. Although recent studies have reported the protective effects of sodium-glucose transport protein 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors on the heart and kidneys, few have assessed their effect in renal transplant patients. Moreover, to our knowledge, there have been no studies on the effects of SGLT2 inhibitors in renal transplant recipients in Japan.Case presentation
Case 1 was a 67-year-old male renal transplant recipient with post-transplant diabetes mellitus. He was administered empagliflozin 10 mg once a day for 9 months. Over time, his HbA1c levels decreased from 6.8 to 6.0%. Case 2 was a 56-year-old male renal transplant recipient with fatty liver disease. He was administered empagliflozin 10 mg once a day for 9 months. His ALT, γ-GTP, and LDL-cholesterol levels all decreased. In both patients, body weight and the urine albumin to creatinine ratio (UACR) decreased after empagliflozin administration, but there were no changes in the estimated glomerular filtration rate. No adverse events occurred in either case.Administration of empagliflozin had favorable outcomes in two patients with stage G3b CKD and abnormal glucose metabolism after renal transplantation. Further studies will be required to clarify the efficacy and safety of SGLT2 inhibitors in a larger population of patients with similar medical conditions.
Pathologic characteristics of extirpated renal cell carcinoma (RCC) specimens 7cm were reviewed to get better information on technical nuances of renal mass biopsy (RMB). Specimens were stratified according to tumor stage, nuclear grade, size, histology, presence of lymphovas-cular invasion (LVI), necrosis, and sarcomatoid features. When considering pT1 (0–7 cm) tumors pT1b (4–7 cm), RCC masses were more likely to have necrosis (43% vs 16%, P0.001), LVI (6% vs 2%, P = 0.024), high-grade nuclear elements (29% vs 17%, P0.001), and sarcomatoid features (2% vs 0%, P = 0.006) compared with pT1a (0–4 cm) tumors. Additionally, pT3a tumors were more highly associated with necrosis (P = 0.005), LVI, sarcomatoid features, and high-grade disease (P for all0.001) when compared to pT1 masses. For masses 4 cm, pT3a cancers were more likely to demonstrate necrosis (38% vs 16%, P0.001), LVI (10% vs 2%, P = 0.037), high-grade nuclear elements (31% vs 17%, P = 0.05), and sarcomatoid features (3% vs 0%, P = 0.065) compared to pT1a tumors. Similarly, for masses 4–7 cm, pathologic T3a tumors were significantly more likely to have sarcomatoid features (16% vs 2%, P0.001) and LVI (28% vs 6%, P0.001) compared to pT1b tumors. In summary, pT3a tumors and those RCC masses 4 cm exhibit considerable histologic heterogeneity and may harbor elements that are not easily appreciated with limited renal sampling. Therefore, if RMB is considered for renal masses greater than 4 cm or those that abut sinus fat, a multi-quadrant biopsy approach is necessary to ensure adequate sampling and characterization of the mass.<jats:sec id="sec001">Patients living with progressive chronic kidney disease may face a variety of ongoing physical, emotional, financial and/or social challenges along the disease pathway. In most UK renal units, psychosocial support has traditionally been provided by a renal social worker. However, in recent years, the numbers of renal social workers have been declining. The specialised role is poorly understood and there is no UK research about the profession. To inform future research and guide workforce planning, this study presents the first-ever exploration of the UK renal social worker role. It aimed to map the profession’s activities and reasons for involvement in patient care, as well as providing an initial evaluation of that involvement on patient wellbeing.<jats:sec id="sec002">
Methods and analysis
This mixed-method study recruited adult renal social workers (n = 14), who completed diaries over a 4-month period, participated in a focus group, and provided secondary data (caseload data and audit files where available) to give insight into their role. The evaluation of social work involvement on patient wellbeing used a pre-post intervention design. It measured distress, anxiety and depression levels as captured by the Distress Thermometer and Emotional Thermometers. A total of 161 patients completed the pre-involvement questionnaire, and 87 (55%) returned the post-involvement questionnaire.<jats:sec id="sec003">
Results and conclusion
The renal social worker role is creative, broad and fluid, with variations in roles linked to differences in employment and funding arrangements, configurations of the wider multidisciplinary renal team, level of standardisation of psychosocial care, availability of community services, and staff-to-patient ratios. Renal social work is different from statutory social work, and renal social workers are generally able to offer continuous rather than episodic care and support patients that would not meet strict local authority eligibility criteria. The findings showed that this support leads to significantly reduced distress and anxiety.
 The present studies examined the effect of three-fourths nephrectomy on the rate of acidification, i.e., total CO2 (tCO2) absorption (JtCO2) in the superficial distal tubule of the rat. Total glomerular filtration rate following three-fourths nephrectomy was 1.29 +/- 0.06 vs. 3.29 +/- 0.08 ml/min in sham controls, P less than 0.001. Systemic acid-base parameters were the same in both groups, but urine pH was lower in nephrectomized rats. In vivo microperfusion with identical isohydric solutions revealed that the JtCO2, fluid absorption (Jv), lumen-negative transepithelial potential difference (VT) were all significantly greater in the distal tubule of remnant kidneys. As the relative increase in Jv exceeded JtCO2, the perfusate tCO2 concentration increased markedly in remnant kidney distal tubules from 30.3 +/- 0.59 to 39.9 +/- 1.73 mM. To determine if the increase in tCO2 concentration accounted for the difference in JtCO2, a second control group was studied using a perfusate tCO2 concentration of 39.6 +/- 0.79 mM. Distal tubular JtCO2, Jv, and VT were significantly less in this control group than in the remnant kidney group. In separate studies, 10(-4) M amiloride was added to the perfusate used in remnant kidneys and controls studied with the elevated perfusate tCO2 concentration. The addition of 10(-4) M amiloride to the perfusate reduced VT and JtCO2. At identical values for VT, JtCO2 was higher in the distal tubule of remnant kidneys than in controls. We conclude the following. 1) The rate of acidification is increased in the distal tubule of remnant kidneys.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) : Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a disabling disease with multiple complications, like, increased serum levels of uric acid due to glomerular filtration rate (GFR) impairment. : This study was designed to evaluate the effect of allopurinol on metabolic acidosis in patients with renal failure. Patients and Methods: This is a randomized controlled-trial study on 50 patients with CKD stage II-IV, who referred to Qaem and Montaserieh hospitals in Mashhad. Patients were selected and randomly divided into two equal groups of 25 subjects. In addition to standard treatments, the intervention group received 100 mg allopurinol tablet for three months and the control group received placebo. Demographic data were obtained from each individual. Serum uric acid level, creatinine, blood pH and bicarbonate levels were assessed at the initiation of treatment and at the end of the third month. : The mean age of patients was 54.04±12.62 years. Allopurinol administration resulted in a significant increase of serum bicarbonate levels and pH (P0.001 for each) compared to the control group. A significant reduction in uric acid (P0.05) and an increase in GFR (P0.05) was observed in both groups. : Allopurinol could ameliorate metabolic acidosis, glomerular filtration and uric acid in patients with CKD. Mrs KM was admitted to hospital with an itchy, painful rash, and was diagnosed with stage 2 acute kidney injury (AKI). Mee Onn Chai and Adrian Coleman describe the progression of this case of AKI development secondary to the administration of an inappropriate dose of vancomycin.  Reactive oxygen species (ROS) are formed by incomplete reduction of molecular oxygen. They include superoxide anion (O2-.), hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), hydroxyl radical (OH.), and singlet oxygen (1O2). ROS may induce different types of cell injury, particularly lipid peroxidation and membrane damage. ROS have been shown to play an essential role in the mechanisms of experimental models of several renal diseases: ischemic acute renal failure, renal graft rejection, acute glomerulonephritis, and toxic renal diseases. They are produced by the renal cells and also by the inflammatory bone marrow-derived cells invading the renal tissue. ROS, regardless of their origin, may degrade the glomerular basement membrane and alter the glomerular and tubular cell functions. Particularly, they produce an increase in cyclic AMP synthesis and prostaglandin production in the glomeruli. Recent studies have shown that the glomerular mesangial cells themselves generated ROS on stimulation by phagocytosis of foreign particles or exposure to the complement membrane attack complex or platelet-activating factor. Production of ROS is in narrow relationship with the metabolism of arachidonic acid. Conversion of this fatty acid via the lipoxygenase pathway is associated with an increase of ROS, whereas its transformation into prostaglandins via the cyclooxygenase pathway results in the opposite effect. Production of ROS in activated mesangial cells can be inhibited by glucocorticoids via a receptor-mediated mechanism. The fact that some of these characteristics are different in leukocytes suggests the possibility in the future of the more specific pharmacological control of the inflammatory process in the glomerular mesangium.  Despite the fact that women with chronic kidney disease (CKD) experience a decrease in fertility and an increased likelihood of miscarriage, the success rate for live births in these women is growing. As declining kidney function puts them at a greater risk of developing anaemia, health professionals must be vigilant in monitoring and managing anaemia to prevent clinical complications occurring throughout gestation and birth. This article aims to raise awareness of this important topic.  Adenosine is an important modulator of renal function. Adenosine produced and released within the kidney is thought to participate in the metabolic regulation of glomerular filtration (tubuloglomerular feedback), as well as in regulating renal excretory function and renin secretion. The recent cloning of cDNAs encoding the A1 and A2a adenosine receptors from rat brain allows direct examination of potential sites of adenosine action within the rat kidney. Northern blot analysis of rat kidney poly(A)+ RNA revealed that A1 adenosine receptor mRNA was more abundant in kidney than the A2a adenosine receptor transcript. In situ hybridization with 35S-labeled cRNA probes was used to localize A1 and A2a adenosine receptor mRNAs within the kidney. A1 adenosine receptor mRNA was most abundant in the collecting ducts of the papilla and inner medulla. Collecting ducts in the outermost portion of the inner stripe of the outer medulla and cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus also expressed A1 adenosine receptor mRNA. A2a adenosine receptor mRNA was localized to the renal papilla. The distribution of A1 and A2a adenosine receptor mRNAs within the rat kidney supports previously postulated roles for adenosine in the regulation of renal hemodynamics, excretory function, and renin secretion.  These studies were done to determine the capacity of the perfused rat kidney to metabolize and transport the medium-chain fatty acid, octanoate (C8). Use of C8, which is water soluble, facilitated the study of transport, since protein, normally needed to transport long-chain fatty acids in solution, could be omitted from the perfusate. Using a filtering kidney it was found that total metabolism and incorporation of [1-14C]octanoate occurred at a rate of 3.9 +/- 0.3 micromol-g wet wt-1-20 min-1 when the perfusate octanoate was 2.8 mM, and reabsorptive uptake occurred at the rate of 7.5 +/- 1.3 micromol-g wet wt-1-20 min-1 at the same octanoate concentration. Use of a nonfiltering kidney (10% dextran perfusate) allowed quantitation of peritubular octanoate uptake. This peritubular uptake showed saturation above 0.7 mM perfusate octanoate with an apparent transport maximum (Tmax) at 2.1 micromol-g wet wt-1-20 min-1. Many previous experiments have linked renal fatty acid transport with that of the organic anion transport system. The apparent peritubular Tmax observed for octanoate suggests carrier-mediated transport. However, this transport did not appear to be inhibited by other organic acids such as probenecid (1--2 mM) and p-aminohippurate (1--2 mM).  Extracellular matrix (ECM) receptors anchor cells to substratum and impart positional information to cells. Within the group of ECM receptors known as integrins, alpha-subunits of these alpha beta heterodimers define ligand specificity, whereas beta-subunits define the subclass. We used immunofluorescence with anti-ECM receptor antibodies to examine distribution within human kidney cortex of all known alpha-subunits in the beta 1 subclass of integrins as well as a non-integrin 67-kDa elastin/lamin receptor. The alpha 1-subunit (alpha 1 beta 1 defines a collagen receptor) was present in mesangium and base of all tubule epithelial cells; alpha 2 (collagen) was present in mesangium and in distal but not proximal tubule cells; alpha 3 (collagen, laminin, fibronectin) was diffusely distributed within glomeruli but tubule staining was less intense; alpha 4 (fibronectin) was absent; alpha 5 (fibronectin) was present in blood vessels; and alpha 6 (laminin) was present along basolateral aspect of all tubule cells but absent in glomeruli. The elastin/laminin receptor was present in all tubule epithelial cells, but staining was heavier in distal tubules, especially intercalated cells. Thus striking heterogeneity in ECM receptor distribution was noted. For collagen receptors, differences in tubule staining were pronounced. Despite the presence of laminin within both glomeruli and tubules, laminin receptors also showed marked differences in staining between these structures. Both differences in ECM structure and intrinsic differences among different cells may underlie these differences in ECM receptor distribution.  The immature kidney has a blunted natriuretic response to saline loading. to localize the high fractional Na reabsorption in the developing nephron, we determined Na delivery to the early distal tubule (EDT) and the fraction of filtered Na remaining in the tubular fluid [(TF/P)Na/In] in the EDT and late distal tubule (LDT) in 24- and 40-day-old hydropenic (HP) and volume-expanded (VE) rats. During HP the (TF/P)Na/In ratio in EDT was significantly higher in the younger rats (12.6 +/- 2.0%) than in the older rats (4.2 +/- 0.6%), but because of a lower SNGFR in the younger rats th Na delivery to EDT was the same in both age groups. The (TF/P)Na/In ratio in LDT was not different in 24- and 40-day-old HP rats (1.1 +/- 0.4 and 1.7 +/- 0.3%, respectively). During VE th (TF/P)Na/In ratio in LDT was significantly lower in 24- (3.0 +/- 0.7%) than in 40-day-old rats (8.3 +/- 1.1%). The (TF/P)Na/In ratio in LDT correlated well with the urinary fractional Na excretion. It is concluded that the Na reabsorption capacity of the developing nephron is more efficient in the distal tubule than in the more proximal tubular segments.  Membrane vesicles from the medulla of the human kidney are capable of amiloride-inhibited sodium-proton exchange. Sodium uptake into the vesicles is stimulated by low intravesicular pH (6.0) and inhibited by both low extravesicular pH (6.0) and amiloride (2 mM). Sodium uptake is a linear function of the vesicular protein concentration and can be reversed by raising the osmotic strength of the solution to shrink the vesicles or by adding the ionophore nigericin. Acridine orange was accumulated by the vesicles in response to a pH gradient (pH 6.0, inside, 8.0 outside), and the accumulation of acridine orange could be reduced by increased extravesicular sodium. Thus sodium could stimulate proton movement just as protons could stimulate sodium movement across the vesicular membrane. Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is a pleiotropic factor that plays an imperative role in tubular repair and regeneration after acute renal injury. Growing evidence indicates that HGF is also an endogenous renoprotective factor that possesses a potent antifibrotic ability. HGF prevents the initiation and progression of chronic renal fibrosis and inhibits transforming growth factor (TGF)-βexpression in a wide variety of animal models. In vitro, HGF counteracts the action of TGF-βin different types of kidney cells, resulting in blockade of the myofibroblastic activation from interstitial fibroblasts and glomerular mesangial cells, as well as inhibition of the mesenchymal transition from tubular epithelial cells. Recent studies reveal that HGF antagonizes the profibrotic actions of TGF-βby intercepting Smad signal transduction through diverse mechanisms. In interstitial fibroblasts, HGF blocks activated Smad-2/3 nuclear translocation, whereas it specifically upregulates the expression of the Smad transcriptional corepressor SnoN in tubular epithelial cells. In glomerular mesangial cells, HGF stabilizes another Smad corepressor, TGIF, by preventing it from degradation. Smad corepressors bind to activated Smad-2/3 and sequester their ability to transcriptionally activate TGF-β target genes. This article reviews recent advances in our understanding of the cellular and molecular mechanisms underlying HGF inhibition of renal fibrosis. Nitrated derivatives of unsaturated fatty acids are endogenously formed under oxidative and nitrative stress condition and are defined as electrophilic fatty acids containing a nitro group to a carbon-carbon double bond. Among the most studied nitro derivatives of unsaturated fatty acids are nitro-oleic acid (OA-NO) and nitro-linoleic acid (LNO). These products exhibit novel protective actions in a variety of rodent disease models. Diverse signaling events are responsible for effects of nitrated fatty acid, including activating peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-dependent gene expression, suppressing NF-κB-induced inflammation, inhibiting oxidative stress, and increasing both endothelial nitric oxide synthase- and Nrf2-dependent gene regulation. Nitrated fatty acids have been emerging not only as a unique class of signaling molecules produced endogenously and but also as multipotent modulators of cell signaling pathways in cardiovascular and renal diseases. In this review, we discuss biochemical properties of nitrated fatty acid and its signaling pathways in the modulation of cellular events. A major focus is to review recent knowledge of nitrated fatty acid on the treatment of kidney diseases and its therapeutic potential for inflammation and metabolic disorders, with special emphasis on acute kidney injury and diabetic kidney disease. More effective therapeutic strategies for the prevention and treatment of acute kidney injury (AKI) are needed to improve the high morbidity and mortality associated with this frequently encountered clinical condition. Ischemic and/or hypoxic preconditioning attenuates susceptibility to ischemic injury, which results from both oxygen and nutrient deprivation and accounts for most cases of AKI. While multiple signaling pathways have been implicated in renoprotection, this review will focus on oxygen-regulated cellular and molecular responses that enhance the kidney's tolerance to ischemia and promote renal repair. Central mediators of cellular adaptation to hypoxia are hypoxia-inducible factors (HIFs). HIFs play a crucial role in ischemic/hypoxic preconditioning through the reprogramming of cellular energy metabolism, and by coordinating adenosine and nitric oxide signaling with antiapoptotic, oxidative stress, and immune responses. The therapeutic potential of HIF activation for the treatment and prevention of ischemic injuries will be critically examined in this review.Brilliant new discoveries in the field of iron metabolism have revealed novel transmembrane iron transporters, novel hormones that regulate iron traffic, and iron's control of gene expression. An important role for iron in the embryonic kidney was first identified by Ekblom, who studied transferrin (Landschulz W and Ekblom P. J Biol Chem 260: 15580–15584, 1985; Landschulz W, Thesleff I, and Ekblom P. J Cell Biol 98: 596–601, 1984; Thesleff I, Partanen AM, Landschulz W, Trowbridge IS, and Ekblom P. Differentiation 30: 152– 158, 1985). Nevertheless, how iron traffics to developing organs remains obscure. This review discusses a member of the lipocalin superfamily, 24p3 or neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalcin (NGAL), which induces the formation of kidney epithelia. We review the data showing that lipocalins transport low-molecular-weight chemical signals and data indicating that 24p3/NGAL transports iron. We compare 24p3/NGAL to transferrin and a variety of other iron trafficking pathways and suggest specific roles for each in iron transport.Numerous murine (mouse and rat) models of polycystic kidney disease (PKD) have been described in which the mutant phenotype results from a spontaneous mutation or engineering via chemical mutagenesis, transgenic technologies, or gene-specific targeting in mouse orthologs of human PKD genes. These murine phenotypes closely resemble human PKD, with common abnormalities observed in tubular epithelia, the interstitial compartment, and the extracellular matrix of cystic kidneys. In both human and murine PKD, genetic background appears to modulate the renal cystic phenotype. In murine models, these putative modifying effects have been dissected into discrete factors called quantitative trait loci and genetically mapped. Several lines of experimental evidence support the hypothesis that PKD genes and their modifiers may define pathways involved in cystogenesis and PKD progression. Among the various pathway abnormalities described in murine PKD, recent provocative data indicate that structural and/or functional defects in the primary apical cilia of tubular epithelia may play a key role in PKD pathogenesis. This review describes the most widely studied murine models; highlights the data regarding specific gene defects and genetic modifiers; summarizes the data from these models that have advanced our understanding of PKD pathogenesis; and examines the effect of various therapeutic interventions in murine PKD.Scope: Prepare formalin fixed tissue with freezing fresh tissue protocol (dx.doi.org/10.17504/protocols.io.6wghfbw).This protocol provides the steps to prepare formalin fixed human kidney tissue and perform histology assessment for normalcy.Expected Outcome: Pathological assessment of kidney tissue for use in LC-MS/MS and imaging.  This report delineates the evolution of metabolic changes occurring during autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) progression. Using an orthologous model, we performed kidney metabolomics and confirmed dysregulation of metabolic pathways previously found altered in nonorthologous or rapidly progressive PKD models. Importantly, we identified novel alterations, including augmentation of kynurenines, polyamines, and indoles, suggesting increased inflammation and microbial dysbiosis that provide insights into PKD pathomechanisms and may prove helpful for diagnosing, monitoring, and treating ADPKD. The possible mediation of the endogenous prostaglandin and kallikrein-kinin systems of changes in renal function induced by furosemide was studied in anesthetized rats. Increasing doses of furosemide infusion (0.03, 0.1, and 0.3 mg/kg/min) caused dose-related diuresis, natriuresis, kaliuresis, and decreased renal blood flow and urinary osmolality without any significant changes in mean arterial blood pressure. Pretreatment with the prostaglandin synthetase inhibitor indomethacin resulted in marked reduction of the water and sodium excretion induced by furosemide. It also blunted renal vasoconstriction and renin release by furosemide, but the glomerular filtration rate was not affected. Pretreatment with aprotinin, a kallikrein inhibitor, failed to affect the renal response to furosemide. The results indicate that the renal prostaglandin system, but not the kallikrein-kinin system, participates in the effect of furosemide on renal functions mainly through electrolyte transport inhibition in the renal tubule.In a previous study, we tested the hypothesis that an elevated level of renal glutathione (GSH) would protect the kidney from ischemic injury. However, prior elevation of GSH with GSH monoethylester enhanced the injury induced by 35 min of ischemia and blood reflow [Scaduto RC Jr, Gattone VH, Grotyohann LW, et al; Effect of an altered glutathione content on renal ischemic injury. Am J Physiol 1988;255:F911-F921]. Additionally, GSH monoethylester produced morphologic alterations in the absence of ischemia. Thus the greater ischemic injury observed after GSH ester pretreatment could have been due to a synergistic effect between the events caused by ischemia and the pretreatment. The present study was conducted to evaluate the utility of elevating renal GSH levels by administration of GSH. Administration of GSH (1 mmol/kg body weight) caused a 3-fold elevation of renal GSH levels and a 6-fold elevation of renal cysteine levels after 60 min without causing changes in renal morphology or GFR. After 35 min of renal artery occlusion and 90 min of blood reflow, animals pretreated with GSH had a much greater decline in GFR than untreated control animals. This enhancement of renal ischemic injury in GSH-treated animals was similar to that observed following administration of GSH monoethylester. We conclude that administration of GSH is the method of choice for elevation of renal GSH and that elevation of renal GSH leads to an enhanced ischemia-induced injury which is independent of the method employed to elevate renal GSH.The renal excretion of 3-hydroxyproline (3-HYP), an isomer of 4-hydroxyproline (4-HYP) found 6–10 times more in basement membrane collagen than in interstitial collagen, was investigated in control subjects and in 58 adult patients with various kidney diseases. With the exception of polykystic renal disease, all the nephropathies were investigated by renal biopsy. In normal adult subjects urinary 3-HYP was 12.5 + 3.5 (SD) µmol/24 h, 4-HYP 226 ± 62 µmol/24 h and the percentage ratio 3-HYP/4-HYP 5.5 ± 0.5. This ratio was twice as little during growth because of a relative excess of 4-HYP. In patients with acute glomerular disease (acute and subacute glomerulonephritis, lupus nephritis...) (n = 13) 3-HYP was 17.1 ± 5.8 µmol/24 h (p0.01 when compared with the normal) and 4-HYP 234 ± 77 µmol/24 h. The ratio between the two values was 7.3 ± 0.7 (p0.001). Such an increase in 3-HYP was not observed in patients with chronic glomerulonephritis (n = 24) where 3-HYP was 9.6 + 5.7 µmol/24 h and 3-HYP/4-HYP 6.0 + 1.6, neither in patients with diabetic glomerulonephritis (n = 6). In chronic interstitial nephritis (n = 8) the 3-HYP/4-HYP ratio was decreased with the exception of polykystic renal disease (PKD), where it was increased (p0.001). The daily urinary contents of 3-HYP and 4-HYP were slightly altered by renal insufficiency. In glomerulonephritis with nephrotic syndrome whatever the histological lesions, urinary 3-HYP did not change significantly. These preliminary results indicate that urinary 3-HYP (1) is increased when glomerulonephritis is clinically acute or subacute; (2) is increased in PKD suggesting a possible inborn error of collagen metabolism. LincRNA-p21 is predicted to interact with miR-449a, which plays a protective role in cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury (CIA).This study aimed to analyze the involvement of lincRNA-p21 in breast cancer patients with CIA.Levels of lincRNA-p21 in plasma from CIA, triple negative breast cancer, and control groups were measured by performing RT-qPCR. The potential interaction between lincRNA-p21 and miR-449a was first predicted by RT-qPCR. The relationship between lincRNA-p21 and miR-449a was analyzed by overexpression experiment.We found that lincRNA-p21 is downregulated in CIA. Dual luciferase activity assay showed that lincRNA-p21 and miR-449a can interact with each other, while overexpression of lincRNA-p21 and miR-449a failed to affect the expression of each other. In human renal proximal tubular epithelial cells (HRPTEpCs), cisplatin led to the upregulated miR-449a but downregulated lincRNA-p21. Interestingly, lincRNA-p21 overexpression led to reduced enhancing effects of miR-449a on the cisplatin-induced apoptosis of HRPTEpCs.Therefore, lincRNA-p21 is downregulated in CIA and may sponge miR-449a to inhibit cisplatin-induced apoptosis of HRPTEpCs. Augmented endogenous nitric oxide (NO) production may ameliorate derangement of renal functions or glomerular damage in polycythemia. To investigate this possibility, we examined the effect of NO synthase inhibition with Nω-nitro--arginine methyl ester ( 50mg/dl in drinking water) on renal functions and histology in heminephrectomized Sprague-Dawley rats treated for 4 weeks with recombinant human erythropoietin (rh-EP; 500IU/kg on alternate days). -NAME elevated the blood pressure which was aggravated by concomitant rh-EP and was ameliorated by treatment with a nonpeptide angiotensin type1 receptor blocker (CV 60mg/kg in chow). The hematocrit level was prominently increased by rh-EP. The glomerular filtration rate was impaired by -NAME alone, but was maintained by concomitant administration of rh-EP or CV. Micropuncture experiments revealed that the glomerular capillary pressure was similarly elevated by -NAME alone or in combination with rh-EP. -NAME significantly, although not prominently, aggravated glomerular sclerosis observed with rh-EP alone, and concomitant CV ameliorated the glomerular damage. These results suggest that, in polycythemia, enhanced NO production buffers the glomerular damage, and the balance between NO and angiotensinII may play an important role in maintaining renal function and glomerular structure. Renal involvement is one of the most common extra-articular complications caused by ankylosing spondylitis (AS). Most studies have focused on the incidence rate, clinical manifestation and pathology, while risk factors have hardly been investigated. Therefore, the objective of this study was to assess the risk factors of renal involvement in patients with AS.Clinical and biochemical data of 926 AS patients were collected. Based on the manifestations of renal involvement, patients were divided into three groups and the differences in clinical and biochemical characteristics were compared. A group with non-renal involvement served as a control. Multivariable logistic regression was used for analyzing risk factors of renal involvement in AS.Of the 926 AS patients, 201 patients suffered from renal involvement. Moreover, female AS patients faced a higher risk of hematuria compared to male patients. As indicated by the data obtained from multivariate logistic regression analysis, gender, uric acid (UA), immunoglobulin A (IgA), and serum albumin (ALB) were found to be risk factors of renal involvement in AS. An increase in UA or IgA levels, or a decrease in ALB level can increase the risk of renal involvement with multiple manifestations (more than one manifestation of renal damage). According to our findings, no definite variable was identified as a risk factor of proteinuria in AS patients.In AS patients, UA, IgA, and ALB levels can indicate the risk of renal involvement in AS patient and need to be paid special attention. Furthermore, women are subjected to a higher risk of hematuria. Protocol biopsies offer new possibilities to predict kidney allograft outcome. The aim of this study was to find clinical, laboratory, morphological and molecular predictors of short-term renal graft survival.Three-month protocol kidney graft biopsy was carried out on 257 patients. The real-time RT-PCR was used to identify intragraft mRNA expression of several cytokines and chemokines and predictive statistics was performed to find markers connected with the risk of premature graft failure.Compared to patients with normal morphology at 3 months, patients with subclinical rejection including borderline changes had experienced more frequent (p0.001) acute rejections before 3-month biopsy, serum creatinine ≧170 µmol/l (p0.01), and higher intrarenal expression of RANTES, IP-10 (p0.001), C3, CD3, IgJ (p0.01) and CD20 (p0.05). There was a significant correlation between subclinical rejection and the occurrence of late acute rejection and graft failure at the first year after transplantation. Moreover, higher RANTES and IP-10 expressions in subclinical rejection predicted graft loss at one year after transplantation in the univariate analysis.Patients with subclinical rejection including borderline changes in 3-month biopsy and particularly those with higher intrarenal expression of RANTES and IP-10 mRNA were found to be at risk for premature kidney graft loss. It is important to establishthe association between insulin resistance and renal function; however, the reported associations differ across studies. Different underlying pathophysiologies of the studied populations may affect the associations. There have been no reports on the relationship between insulin resistance and renal function in the presence of hypertension (HT). We investigated the correlation between a homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in subjects with and without HT.The study included 214 individuals (mean age: 65.6 years) who were nonmedicated and cardiovascular disease-free. Clinical variables, including blood pressure (BP), creatinine, glucose and lipid panels, were measured.The HT group showed significantly higher levels of systolic/diastolic BP than the non-HT group. A multiple linear regression analysis revealed that the eGFR in the non-HT group was independently, significantly and inversely correlated with HOMA-IR, while the eGFR in the HT group was independently, significantly and inversely correlated with systolic BP, but not with HOMA-IR.A clearer correlation between HOMA-IR and eGFR was observed in the non-HT group than the HT group, suggesting that HT may attenuate the direct correlation between the insulin resistance and renal function indices. Cross-transplantation studies between animals with genetic hypertension and normotensive animals indicate a key role of the kidney in development of hypertension, and studies in young spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) have shown reduced glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and renal blood flow (RBF) for a short period at the age of 4–6 weeks during blood pressure increase. We tested the hypothesis that a decline in GFR during development of hypertension in SHR might be more pronounced in juxtamedullary cortex than other cortical zones.By use of the aprotinin method, total and zonal cortical GFR was measured in anaesthetized Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) rats and SHR at the ages of 2, 4, 6, 8 and 10 weeks. RBF was measured by a transit time flowmeter.Body and kidney weights in SHR and WKY were not significantly different in any age group (p 0.05). Mean arterial blood pressure (MAP) was not different at the age of 2 weeks (79 ± 6 mm Hg in SHR and 74 ± 5 mm Hg in WKY, p0.05), but was significantly higher in 4-week-old SHR (104 ± 1 mm Hg) compared to 4-week-old WKY (77 ± 3 mm Hg) (p0.01). The difference in blood pressure increased with age from 4 to 10 weeks. RBF, total GFR, and outer, middle, and inner cortical GFR increased with age but were not different in SHR and WKY in any age group (p 0.05). Renal vascular resistance was increased from 4 weeks of age in SHR (21.5 ± 1.8), significantly higher than WKY (14.4 ± 0.9 mm Hg··min·g) (p0.01) and stayed at higher values in older age groups (p ≤ 0.01).RBF, total and zonal GFR are not significantly different in anaesthetized SHR compared to WKY at ages from 2 to 10 weeks and GFR in juxtamedullary cortex is not decreased in SHR during onset of hypertension. The results from the present study indicate that development of hypertension cannot be explained by a temporary decline in RBF or total or zonal GFR. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a family of short noncoding RNAs that play important roles in posttranscriptional gene regulation. miRNAs inhibit target gene expression by blocking protein translation or by inducing mRNA degradation and therefore have the potential to modulate physiological and pathological processes.In the kidney, miRNAs play a role in the organogenesis and in the pathogenesis of several diseases, including renal carcinoma, diabetic nephropathy, cystogenesis, and glomerulopathies. Indeed, podocytes, but also the parietal cells of the Bowman capsule are severely affected by miRNA deregulation. In addition, several miRNAs have been found involved in the development of renal fibrosis. These experimental lines of evidence found a counterpart also in patients affected by diabetic and Ig-A nephropathies, opening the possibility of their use as biomarkers. Finally, the possibility to direct target-specific miRNA to prevent the development of renal fibrosis is encouraging potential novel therapies based on miRNA mimicking or antagonism. This review reports the main studies that investigate the role of miRNAs in the kidneys, in particular highlighting the experimental models used, their potential role as biomarkers and, finally, the most recent data on the miRNA-based therapy. Key Messages: miRNAs are crucial regulators of cell function. They are easy to detect and represent potentially good targets for novel therapies.The pathogenesis of SLE is commonly attributed to the deposition of circulating immune complexes consisting of DNA and anti-DNA autoantibodies. However, recent work has shown multiple cross-reactions between anti-DNA antibodies and a variety of cellular and extracellular Ag. To test the possibility that these antibodies interact directly with glomerular Ag and induce kidney dysfunction, we applied mouse and human anti-DNA IgG to the isolated perfused rat kidney. The NZB/NZW mouse monoclonal anti-DNA bound to glomerular Ag with a concomitant induction of proteinuria and a decrease in inulin clearance. The albumin excretion was 2301 +/- 734 micrograms/min at 160 min of perfusion, as compared with 85 +/- 21 micrograms/min in controls (p less than 0.001). The inulin clearance was reduced to 0.17 +/- 0.02 ml/min as compared with 0.28 +/- 0.09 ml/min in controls (p less than 0.05). Polyclonal anti-DNA IgG obtained from patients with lupus nephritis bound to rat glomeruli and induced albumin excretion of 542 +/- 217 micrograms/min at 160 min of perfusion, as compared with 163 +/- 77 micrograms/min in controls (p = NS). The addition of plasma as a source of C to the human IgG increased the proteinuria markedly (albumin excretion of 1115 +/- 195 micrograms/min at 160 min of perfusion, p less than 0.02), probably due to C activation. Preincubation of the reactive mouse and human IgG with DNA completely abolished their binding to renal tissue and its physiologic consequences. These results suggest that direct binding of anti-DNA antibodies to renal Ag may play an important role in the induction of lupus nephritis.This protocol presents the Indiana University adapted Akoya Phenocycler-Fusion Tissue StainingImaging Protocol for Fresh Frozen Kidney Samples that is used both for the Kidney Precision Medicine Project and the Human BioMolecular Atlas Program consortia. The marker panels spanned 41 targets that will label various cell types (epithelial, immune, stromal) and cell states (injury, cycling, repair). This protocol has been used on tissues up to 5-7mm x 12-15 mm in dimension. Multiple sections have been placed on a single slide and imaged simultaneously. For post-imaging HE Staining please see dx.doi.org/10.17504/protocols.io.kqdg397yeg25/v1 .With the isolation of human pluripotent stem cells came the possibility of generating specific cell types for regenerative medicine. This has required the development of protocols for directed differentiation into many distinct cell types. One of the more complicated tissue types to recreate is the kidney. Here we review recent progress towards the recreation of not only specific kidney cell types but complex kidney organoids, models of the developing human organ, in vitro. We will also discuss potential short and long term applications of these approaches.Evidence suggests that the induction of tissue kallikrein, and the subsequently formed kinins, enhances proliferation of tumour cells because of their mitogenic property. Additionally, the kinin peptides are believed to promote the invasion of normal tissue by tumour cells. TGF-l is a potent inhibitor of the growth of renal epithelial cells, and is a classical anti-mitogen, which is central to many of its antiproliferative effects. No studies thus far have been performed, as to whether the proposed anti-mitogenesis ofTGF-1 has a regulatory effect on the cell proliferative action of kinins on renal epithelial and carcinoma cells. A preparation of isolated brush border membranes from the rabbit renal cortex was used to examine the characteristics of N1-methylnicotinamide (NMN) transport in the kidney. Transport was independent of the presence of Na+ under Na+ equilibrium conditions. However, outwardly directed Na+ gradients stimulated NMN uptake, whereas inwardly directed Na+ gradients inhibited NMN uptake. Transport appeared to involve two parallel processes: one saturable with a Jmax of 5 nmol X mg protein-1 X min-1 and an apparent Kt of 0.6 mM, and a second that behaved like passive diffusion. Countertransport of NMN was observed when vesicles were preloaded with either NMN or another organic cation, tetraethylammonium (TEA). TEA and several structural analogues, as well as a wide variety of other organic cations and bases, were effective inhibitors of NMN uptake, though nicotinamide and p-aminohippuric acid did not interact with the uptake process. Outwardly directed proton gradients (pH 6.0 in, 7.6 out) stimulated transport, suggesting that NMN uptake may involve a countertransport of H+. The electrical potential difference across the vesicle membrane was manipulated using gradients of the permeant organic ion thiocyanate (SCN-); an outwardly directed gradient of SCN- (i.e., a depolarizing condition) stimulated uptake and produced a transient accumulation of NMN above that noted at equilibrium, whereas an inwardly directed SCN- gradient inhibited uptake of NMN. The data can be explained by postulating the presence of an electrogenic NMN+-H+ antiporter in the rabbit luminal membrane that could play a role in organic cation secretion. The prevalence of end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) is growing worldwide; the survival of these patients requires renal replacement therapy (RRT, a complex and costly treatment). Over 20% of the patients that start RTT had diabetes. Limited evidence on the effect of comorbidities on the cost of RRT exists. This review summarizes the available evidence on the effect of diabetes mellitus (DM) on the cost of RRT. Electronic databases were searched using key words that combined RRT with DM and cost. References were identified with title, abstract, and full-text screening. The studies included were published in English and presented data on the cost of RRT in ESKD patients with comparison between DM status. Seventeen studies were included in this review. The crude and adjusted cost of care estimates for patients on dialysis was generally higher for DM patients. The cost of care of ESKD patients differed according to various treatment modalities and these differences, mainly driven by inpatient costs. Overall, we found an increased cost of RRT care in patients with DM regardless of the type of treatment. Future analysis of the effects of multiple comorbidities should be considered to better understand the effect of DM on the cost of RRT. Renal ischemia-reperfusion leads to acute kidney injury (AKI), a major kidney disease associated with an increasing prevalence and high mortality rates. A variety of experimental models, both in vitro and in vivo, have been used to study the pathogenic mechanisms of ischemic AKI and to test renoprotective strategies. Among them, the mouse model of renal clamping is popular, mainly due to the availability of transgenic models and the relatively small animal size for drug testing. However, the mouse model is generally less stable, resulting in notable variations in results. Here, we describe a detailed protocol of the mouse model of bilateral renal ischemia-reperfusion. We share the lessons and experiences gained from our laboratory in the past decade. We further discuss the technical issues that account for the variability of this model and offer relevant solutions, which may help other investigators to establish a well-controlled, reliable animal model of ischemic AKI. The epithelial tight junction (TJ) has three major functions. As a “gate,” it serves as a regulatory barrier separating and maintaining biological fluid compartments of different composition. As a “fence,” it generates and maintains the apicobasal polarity of cells that form the confluent epithelium. Finally, the TJ proteins form a trafficking and signaling platform that regulates cell growth, proliferation, differentiation, and dedifferentiation. Six examples are selected that illustrate the emerging link between TJ dysfunction and kidney disease. First, the glomerular slit diaphragm (GSD) is evolved, in part, from the TJ and, on maturation, exhibits all three functions of the TJ. GSD dysfunction leads to proteinuria and, in some instances, podocyte dedifferentiation and proliferation. Second, accumulating evidence supports epithelial-mesenchymal transformation (EMT) as a major player in renal fibrosis, the final common pathway that leads to end-stage renal failure. EMT is characterized by a loss of cell-cell contact and apicobasal polarity, which are hallmarks of TJ dysfunction. Third, in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease, mutations of the polycystins may disrupt their known interactions with the apical junction complex, of which the TJ is a major component. This can lead to disturbances in epithelial polarity regulation with consequent abnormal tubulogenesis and cyst formation. Fourth, evidence for epithelial barrier and polarity dysregulation in the pathogenesis of ischemic acute renal failure will be summarized. Fifth, the association between mutations of paracellin-1, the first TJ channel identified, and clinical disorders of magnesium and calcium wasting and bovine renal fibrosis will be used to highlight an integral TJ protein that can serve multiple TJ functions. Finally, the role of WNK4 protein kinase in shunting chloride across the TJ of the distal nephron will be addressed.Diabetic nephropathy is the most common cause of end-stage renal failure in the United States. Hyperglycemia is an important factor in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy. Hyperglycemia upregulates the expression of transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β), which stimulates extracellular matrix deposition in the kidney, contributing to the development of diabetic nephropathy. Our previous studies demonstrated that the transcription factor, upstream stimulatory factor 2 (USF2), was upregulated by high glucose, which bound to an 18-bp sequence in the thrombospondin 1 (TSP1) gene promoter and regulated high glucose-induced TSP1 expression and TGF-β activity in mesangial cells, suggesting that USF2 might play a role in the development of diabetic nephropathy. In the present studies, we examined the effect of overexpression of USF2 on the development of diabetic nephropathy. Type 1 diabetes was induced in USF2 transgenic mice [USF2 (Tg)] and their wild-type littermates (WT) by injection of streptozotocin. Four groups of mice were studied: control WT, control USF2 (Tg), diabetic WT, and diabetic USF2 (Tg). Mice were killed after 15 wk of diabetes onset. At the end of studies, control USF2 (Tg) mice (∼6 mo old) exhibited increased urinary albumin excretion. These mice also exhibited glomerular hypertrophy, accompanied by increased TSP1, active TGF-β, fibronectin accumulation in the glomeruli compared with control WT littermates. Type 1 diabetes onset further augmented the urinary albumin excretion and glomerular hypertrophy in the USF2 (Tg) mice. These findings suggest that overexpression of USF2 accelerates the development of diabetic nephropathy. Retinoic acid (RA) exerts pleotropic cellular effects, including induction of cell differentiation while inhibiting proliferation and inflammation. These effects are mediated by both RA responsive element-dependent or -independent pathways. In kidneys, RA confers renoprotection by signaling through podocyte RA receptor (RAR)α and activation of cAMP/PKA/Kruppel-like factor 15 pathway to promote podocyte differentiation. Nevertheless, in kidney disease settings, RA can also promote podocyte apoptosis and loss through downstream expression of RAR responder protein 1, a recently described risk factor for glomerular disease progression. These disparate roles of RA underscore the complexity of its effects in kidney homeostasis and disease, and a need to target specific RA-mediated pathways for effective therapeutic treatments against kidney disease progression. Progresses in medical care of severe kidney disease and congenital anomalies of kidney and urinary tract make it possible for a higher percentage of young renal failure patients to survive and enter adulthood. There is thus an increasing need to focus on the long-term effects of severely reduced kidney function early in life. Cardiovascular changes are known to contribute considerably in adulthood to the severe complications of renal failure. In young chronic kidney disease patients, there is limited knowledge of subclinical cardiovascular disease. In this issue of Clinical Kidney Journal, Lalayiannis et al. describe significant structural and functional cardiovascular changes in a young cohort of kidney failure patients with glomerular filtration rate 30 mL/min/1.73 m2. Among the 100 patients between 5 and 30 years of age included in the study, 84 presented with signs of cardiovascular disease. There is a need for long-term follow-up data on cardiovascular consequences of renal failure early in life and evaluation of prophylactic and therapeutic measures that can ameliorate the overall prognosis for these patients. We look forward to planned future long-term data from this cohort as well as increased focus in general on cardiovascular changes in young renal failure patients.While there are no clear definitions of recovery, it is clear that the goals of recovery depend on the severity of acute kidney injury and the clinical context. The degree of renal recovery affects both renal and clinical prognosis. There are presently few guidelines on recovery targets, which range in extent from dialysis independence via normalization of serum creatinine to recovery of renal functional reserve. However, while there are no validated biomarkers for predicting recovery, evidence suggests that both functional and damage biomarkers can aid the assessment of recovery.Our aim was to evaluate the possible role of prostaglandins (PG) on renal calcium excretion in humans through the PG inhibitory effects of indomethacin. Renal calcium excretion was evaluated by a technique of impulse analysis which gives a function W(t) specific of the tubular calcium transport. Several parameters were derived from this function: (1) the fractional excretion of filtered calcium as % of total dose (FECa % TD); (2) the peak excretion rate, and (3) the mean transit time (MTT, min). The aforementioned parameters were determined in 7 healthy subjects in basal conditions and again after 10 days of treatment with 100 mg indomethacin daily. FECa was significantly (p0.02) higher with indomethacin (8.18 ± 0.97) than under basal conditions (5.02 ± 0.57). The peak excretion rate and MTT remained unchanged after indomethacin. These results indicate that indomethacin increases renal calcium excretion. As indomethacin did not produce any significant change in glomerular filtration rate (125 ± 7 ml/min before vs. 129 ± 9 ml/min after) one can assume that PG play a role in tubular calcium reabsorption. However, the mechanism remains to be elucidated: direct action or mediated through the cyclic AMP system.Glomerular tufts were isolated from normal rat kidneys and were cultivated in RPMI1640 medium supplemented with 15% fetal bovine serum. Studies on DNA synthesis demonstrated two peaks (A and B) of cell division. The cells of peak A grew as a monolayer until confluency, exhibited many junctional complexes and microvilli. They were very susceptible to the aminonucleoside of puromycin, as glomerular epithelial cells in vivo. They did not contain many bundles of intracellular microfilaments and were not stained by an anti-factor VIII serum. The cells of peak B formed both monolayered sheets and multilayered bands, exhibited no junctional complexes, but contained large bundles of intracellular fibrillar structures, which were strongly stained by an antimyosin antiserum. They were not stained by an anti-factor VIII antiserum. The B cells exhibited a contractile activity in response to 10 angiotensin II and were very susceptible to mitomycin C treatment, as glomerular mesangial cells in vivo. They synthesized large amounts of prostaglandins (mainly PGE). The data suggest that the A cells are visceral epithelial cells, and that the B cells are smooth muscle-like cells derived from the glomerular mesangium.Experiments were performed in anesthetized Macaca fascicularis monkeys to examine the renal hemodynamic responses of these animals to a 15% blood volume expansion using isooncotic dextran in isotonic saline. 20 min following the onset of volume expansion, effective renal plasma flow had increased 80%, glomerular filtration rate was unchanged from control and filtration fraction had decreased 34%. At 50 min, effective renal plasma flow was still increased 74%, glomerular filtration rate had increased 39% and filtration fraction remained decreased 24%. These disproportionate changes in renal plasma flow and glomerular filtration rate are similar to the reported effects in man. Furthermore, they would suggest that glomerular filtration in the primate may not be highly plasma flow dependent under these conditions.1. The chronically clipped left kidneys of two-kidney, one-clip renal hypertensive rats (duration 4 weeks) showed a 45% decrease in organ weight compared with left kidneys from age-matched normotensive Wistar rats (0.59 ± 0.09 vs 1.12 ± 0.05 g).2. These ‘low-pressure’ kidneys exhibited at maximal vasodilatation a 40% decrease in total renal vascular resistance per unit kidney weight, a reduction in the preglomerular/postglomerular resistance ratio (filtration curve displaced markedly to the left of the control), though combined with some decrease in maximal glomerular filtration capacity.3. Thus the vascular bed of chronically clipped low-pressure kidneys displays a ‘downward’ structural autoregulation, which by lowering of the total renal vascular resistance and the preglomerular/postglomerular resistance ratio serves to maintain blood flow and to increase filtration pressure thereby raising the filtration fraction.Effects of alterations in potassium concentrations on net fluid absorption (J) by isolated, perfused snake (Thamnophis spp.) proximal renal tubules were studied. With standard (3 mmol/l potassium, 150 mmol/l sodium) Ringer’s solution in perfusate and bath, J was about 1.3 nl. Replacing potassium with sodium in perfusate or in both perfusate and bath had no significant effect on J. Increasing potassium concentration to 100 mmol/l in place of sodium in perfusate or in both perfusate and bath also had no effect on J. Findings that potassium is not critical for maintaining J are also consistent with previous findings that sodium is not necessary for maintaining J. Geller et al reported a rare mutation in the mineralocorticoid receptor (MR) resulting in constitutive MR activity. Progesterone, normally an MR antagonist, acts as a potent agonist with this mutation. Progesterone levels can increase 100-fold during pregnancy and thus lead to increased MR activity in this setting, resulting in hypertension (HTN) and hypokalemia during pregnancy and resolution of hypokalemia after delivery. Presenting concerns: Our patient was a 33-year-old African American female with a history of pregnancy-induced HTN associated with hypokalemia during her last pregnancy. She presented with muscle weakness from profound hypokalemia complicated by nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (DI) and rhabdomyolysis.Her admission potassium was 1.9 mmol/L (3.5-5.1 mmol/L) with a 24-hour urine potassium of 35 mmol per day and an unmeasurable serum aldosterone level. Her potassium normalized 1 day after delivery off potassium supplementation and amiloride, which were last given 1 day prior to her delivery. Recurrent hypokalemia from nonaldosterone-mediated renal potassium wasting during pregnancy (with normal potassium in a nongestational state) is consistent with the cases of gain-of-function mutation in MR that Geller et al report. A definite diagnosis requires genetic analysis.Her hypokalemia was refractory to potassium replacement but quickly responded to an inhibitor of the epithelial sodium channel (ENaC), amiloride.Her potassium normalized on amiloride 10 mg per day and KCL 40 mEq daily during the remainder of her pregnancy, and her nephrogenic DI resolved after this correction of hypokalemia. After her delivery, her potassium remained normal off the potassium supplements and amiloride. Novel findings: Pregnancy-induced hypokalemia from an activating MR mutation has rarely been reported. Pregnancy-induced HTN is often the first differential diagnosis in a patient who develops worsening in her HTN during pregnancy. We should also consider the possibility of a gain-of-function mutation in MR in these patients who also have associated hypokalemia. It is generally accepted that the progressive loss of kidney function results from a pathogenic process that is independent of the original etiology, functioning as a final common pathway. Part of this response is characterized by triggering of interstitial infiltration and induction of tubular damage. As a consequence, tubular epithelial cells (TEC) can become activated and begin to express several inflammatory mediators. In the present review, we will summarize the potential role of TEC in progressive renal disease. Much emphasis will be put on studies using in vitro cultured TEC. These studies have provided more insight into the different signals involved in the regulation of the production of inflammatory mediators like complement, cytokines and chemokines, as well as progression factors like growth factors and matrix component by TEC.Tubular reabsorption of albumin was studied in conscious rats by measuring the renal excretion at various plasma concentrations. The plasma albumin concentration was raised by loading the animals with homologous serum albumin. By using this procedure an average plasma concentration of 54g/l could be reached, which is about twice the physiological plasma albumin concentration in untreated rats. Throughout the experiments the glomerular filtration rate was determined by the total plasma slope clearance of Cr-EDTA. Following the albumin load, the Cr-EDTA clearance remained at 54.8 +12.2ml/min/ body surface. By correlating renal albumin excretion and plasma albumin concentration, the sieving coefficient of albumin, φ, of 2.35 ×10, the renal albumin threshold of 38 ± 5g/l, and the maximal tubular transport rate of albumin of 9.6 ± 2.6µg/min/g kidney weight could be calculated (mean ± SD). There were some variations among the animals, resulting in a fairly large standard deviation. However, these values are in agreement with recent micropuncture data.The effect of hemorrhagic hypotension (HH) on local and total renal blood flow was studied in rats. Cortical blood flow, measured as H gas clearance, was determined before and during HH with a mean arterial blood pressure of 50 mm Hg. During the initial 10-5 min of bleeding renal cortical vascular resistance was unchanged, and total renal blood flow autoregulatory ability was abolished. Cortical vascular resistance thereafter increased steadily to twice the control level after 90 min of HH. At this time, retransfusion of the shed blood improved cortical blood flow due to increased arterial blood pressure, not to reduced cortical vascular resistance. In a second group, total and local renal blood flows were obtained from I-iodoantipyrine uptake rate after 2 h of HH with arterial blood pressure maintained at 50 mm Hg. Total renal blood flow was reduced to 20% of control with no change in blood flow distribution between outer and inner cortical or medullary zones. Both cortical blood flow and intrazonal local renal blood flow heterogeneity had increased at the end of the HH period. However, ischemic and extremely low flow sectors comprising cortex and outer medulla were observed only in 1 of the 10 kidneys studied with the I-iodoantipyrine technique. In only 1 of 8 animals studied with the H gas method were intermittent sudden changes in cortical blood flow observed during HH. Since hematocrit tended to fall during HH, these observations support the concept that local flow intermittence is predominately associated with high hematocrit shocks.An aging population and the prevalence of lifestyle-related ailments have led to a worldwide increase in the rate of chronic kidney disease requiring renal replacement therapy. The mean age of people requiring dialysis has been rising, and Japanese patients are aging more rapidly than those in the United States and Europe. Compared to people with normal kidney function, those undergoing hemodialysis are at increased risk of sarcopenia or frailty and serious health problems that limit access to kidney transplantation and lead to adverse health outcomes such as functional dependence, hospitalization, and death in patients on dialysis treatment. The Japanese Society of Renal Rehabilitation, established in 2011, published a clinical practice guideline for renal rehabilitation in 2019. Although the concept has become widely known among kidney health providers in recent years, efforts have still not focused on routine clinical care for patients with chronic kidney disease. In this review, the theory and clinical application of renal rehabilitation for patients undergoing daily hemodialysis were investigated.MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short, single-stranded, noncoding RNAs that modulate many key biological processes by simultaneously suppressing multiple target genes. Among them, miR-26a, a conserved miRNA among vertebrates, is highly expressed in various tissues. Accumulating evidence demonstrates that miR-26a plays pivotal roles in cellular differentiation, cell growth, apoptosis, and metastasis, thereby participating in the initiation and development of various human diseases, such as metabolic disease and cancer. More recently, miR-26a was found as a versatile regulator of renal biology and disease. miR-26a is intensively involved in the maintenance of podocyte homeostasis and the actin cytoskeleton. It is also able to modulate the homeostasis and function of mesangial cells. In addition, miR-26a affects the expansion of regulatory T cells in the context of ischemia-reperfusion injury and autoimmune diabetes and thus protects the renal system from immune attack. These available data strongly suggest that renal miR-26a possesses critical pathological functions and represents a potential target for renal disease therapies. This review summarizes current knowledge of miR-26a in renal biology and disease, laying the foundation for exploring its previously unknown functions and mechanisms in the renal system. The cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway, positioned at the interface of the nervous and immune systems, is the efferent limb of the “inflammatory reflex” which mainly signals through the vagus nerve. As such, the brain can modulate peripheral inflammatory responses by the activation of vagal efferent fibers. Importantly, immune cells in the spleen express most cholinergic system components such as acetylcholine (ACh), choline acetyltransferase, acetylcholinesterase, and both muscarinic and nicotinic ACh receptors, making communication between both systems possible. In general, this communication down-regulates the inflammation, achieved through different mechanisms and depending on the cells involved.With the awareness that the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway serves to prevent or limit inflammation in peripheral organs, vagus nerve stimulation has become a promising strategy in the treatment of several inflammatory conditions. Both pharmacological and non-pharmacological methods have been used in many studies to limit organ injury as a consequence of inflammation. Key Messages: In this review, we will highlight our current knowledge of the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway, with emphasis on its potential clinical use in the treatment of inflammation-triggered kidney injury. Renal tubular acidosis (RTA) is a cause of non-anion gap metabolic acidosis (NAGMA) that is infrequently diagnosed and is due to various underlying etiologies that impair the kidney’s ability to retain bicarbonate or excrete acid. Ibuprofen is an over-the-counter non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medication that is used by patients widely for a variety of reasons. Although it is well known that ibuprofen and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may have nephrotoxic effects, the role of ibuprofen as a cause of RTA and hypokalemia is not well recognized. Presenting Concerns: A 66-year-old man with chemotherapy-treated lymphoma in remission and ongoing heavy ibuprofen use for chronic pain presented to hospital with a 1-week history of increasing lethargy and otherwise unremarkable review of systems. Investigations showed acute kidney injury, hypokalemia, hyperchloremia, and NAGMA with elevated urinary pH and positive urine anion gap.The final diagnosis of distal RTA secondary to ibuprofen was made after ruling out gastrointestinal bicarbonate loss and additional secondary causes of RTA, including other medications, autoimmune conditions, and obstructive uropathy.The patient was admitted and treated with intravenous sodium bicarbonate for 24 hours with correction of hypokalemia via oral supplementation. His ibuprofen-containing medication was discontinued.His acute kidney injury and electrolyte abnormalities resolved within 48 hours of initiating treatment with concurrent resolution of his lethargy. He was discharged home and advised to stop taking ibuprofen. Lessons Learned: We report a case of patient with hypokalemia and NAGMA secondary to ibuprofen and highlight the importance of monitoring for this side effect in patients taking ibuprofen. Na-K-ATPase is a heterodimer of α- and β-subunits often referred to as the ‘sodium pump’ responsible for the maintenance of cell volume and electric potential across cell membranes. In the present study we have used antisense RNA probes to localize these subunits in the rat kidney by in situ hybridization. α-Subunit and β-subunit gene expression are highest in cortical distal convoluted tubules, and the thick ascending limb of the loops of Henle; high in some proximal convoluted tubules, and low in the collecting ducts and blood vessels. Expression of the α and α isoforms is very low or absent thoughout the kidney. These results confirm and extend studies of Na-K-ATPase enzyme activity levels and immunocytochemical localization in the kidney.Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in the dialysis population. Among other risk factors abnormalities in lipid metabolism occur in patients with all stages of chronic kidney disease (CKD). The most common dyslipidemia in CKD and dialysis is hypertriglyceridemia, whereas the total cholesterol concentration can be normal or low, perhaps due in part to malnutrition. Althoughhypertriglyceridemia that occurs in CKD may not significantly increase coronary risk, other changes may contribute to the accelerated atherosclerosis. We tried to find out how many patients in our setup on thrice weekly hemodialysis are suffering from dyslipidemia and whether taking treatment or not.
Methodology: Cross sectional study conducted at dialysis center of Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, Lahore including all seventy patients with ESRD undergoing regular HD three times a week, 4 hours per session. Random blood samples (Non-fasting) were collected before dialysis for lipid profile includingtriglyceride, LDL, HDL and total cholesterol.
Results: Out of 70 patients only 3 (4.4%) patients were on statins for dyslipidemia. Triglycerides were high in 41.4%, total cholesterol was low in 61.4%, and HDL was low in 34.3%.
Conclusion: Hypertriglyceridemia is major lipid abnormality among hemodialysis patients.Background/Aims: Mast cells are sparsely distributed in the kidneys under normal conditions; however, the number of mast cells increases dramatically during renal ischemia/reperfusion injury (RI/RI). When mast cells are stimulated, numerous mediators are released, and under pathological conditions, they produce a wide range of biological effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of intervention in mast cell function before reperfusion on RI/RI. Methods: Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats (=50) were randomized into five groups: sham group, ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) group, cromolyn sodium treatment group (CS+I/R group), ketotifen treatment group (K+I/Rgroup), and compound 48/80 treatment group (C+I/R group). I/R injury was induced by bilateral renal artery and vein occlusion for 45 min followed by 24 h of reperfusion. The agents were intravenously administered 5 min before reperfusion through the tail vein. The serum levels of blood urea nitrogen(BUN), serum creatinine (Scr) and histamine and the kidney levels of malondialdehyde (MDA), superoxide dismutase (SOD), tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) were assessed. The expression of intracellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) in renal tissue was also measured. Results: I/R injury resulted in severe renal injury, as demonstrated by a large increase in injury scores; serum levels of BUN, Scr and histamine; and kidney levels of MDA, TNF-α, and IL-6; this was accompanied by reduced SOD activity and upregulated ICAM-1 expression. Treatment with cromolyn sodium or ketotifen markedly alleviated I/R-mediated kidney injury, whereas compound 48/80 further aggravated kidney injury. Conclusion: Intervention in mast cell activity prior to reperfusionhas a strong effect on RI/RI. Renal damage and dysfunction is attributed to sustained hyperglycaemia in overt diabetes. Subcutaneous insulin injections are beneficial in delaying the progression of renal dysfunction and damage in diabetics. However, the current mode of administration is associated with severe undesirable effects. In this study, we evaluated the ameliorative effects of pectin-insulin dermal patches on renal dysfunction in diabetes.Pectin-insulin patches (20.0, 40.8 and 82.9 µg/kg) were applied on the skin of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats, thrice daily for 5 weeks. Blood glucose concentration, blood pressure and urine output volume were recorded on week 5 after which the animals were sacrificed after which the kidneys and plasma were collected. Kidney nephrin expression and urinary nephrin concentration, albumin excretion rate (AER), creatinine clearance (CC) and albumin creatinine ratio (ACR) were assessed.Patch application resulted in reduced blood glucose concentration and blood pressure. Furthermore, pectin-insulin patch treatment resulted in increased kidney nephrin expression and reduced urinary nephrin concentration. AER, CC ACR were also reduced post patch application.The application of pectin-insulin patch limited diabetes associated kidney damaged and improved kidney function. These observations suggest that pectin-insulin patches may ameliorate kidney dysfunction that is associated with chronic subcutaneous insulin administration.Background/Aims: We evaluated renal function and the impact of renal function on in-hospital outcomes in patients with ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke. Methods: We collected data from 766 patients with stroke; 637 (83.2 %) with ischaemic and 129 with haemorrhagic one. Results: The mean serum creatinine on admission in patients with both types of stroke, who died, was significantly higher than in those who survived. Multivariate analysis showed that independent predictors of mortality in patients with ischaemic stroke were: ischemic heart disease or prior myocardial infarction, diabetes, admission glucose and eGFR on admission. Also, multivariate analysis showed that independent predictors of mortality in patients with haemorrhagic stroke were: age and admission glucose. Conclusions: Patients with haemorrhagic stroke, in particular with acute kidney injury during hospitalisation had significantly worse outcomes than patients with ischaemic stroke. Assessment of kidney function is prerequisite to employ the necessary measures to decrease the risk of in-hospital mortality among patients with acute stroke. Appropriate approach to patients with renal dysfunction (adequate hydration, avoidance of nephrotoxic drugs, drug dose adjustment etc) should be considered as preventive and therapeutic strategies in the management of acute stroke.Purpose: To determine predictive factors for detecting renal parenchymal damages (RPDs) in infants with recurrent febrile urinary tract infection (fUTI).Methods: From January 2015 to December 2021, 102 infants with recurrent fUTI and who underwent 99mTc-dimercaptosuccinic acid (DMSA) renal scan in our hospital were included in this study. Controls included infants with normal DMSA results performed 3 months apart from the 2nd episode of fUTI. DMSA-positive group included infants with positive DMSA results performed 3 months apart from the 2nd episode of fUTI or at the 3rd episode of fUTI. The recurrence rate, causative bacteria, renal size discrepancy of both kidneys, and laboratory findings including C-reactive protein (CRP) and spot urine sodium-to-potassium ratio (uNa/K) were compared between both groups.Results: Only 3.8% of 79 infants with a 2nd episode of fUTI showed positive DMSA results. fUTI recurred more frequently within 12 months of follow-up in the DMSA-positive group than in the control group (69% vs. 13%, P=0.00). CRP values were significantly higher in the DMSA-positive group than in the control group (7.3 mg/dL vs. 3.7 mg/dL, P=0.00). Spot uNa/K were significantly lower in the DMSA-positive group than in the control group (0.6 vs. 1.1, P=0.00). Conclusions: Congenital renal scar and RPDs on the DMSA scan were more frequently found in infants with recurrent fUTI than those in the control group. High CRP values and low spot uNa/K in acute infections were helpful in predicting the presence of RPD in infants with recurrent fUTI. Introduction: A previous genome-wide association study has identified CARD9 (caspase recruitment domain family member 9) as a susceptibility gene for Immunoglobulin A nephropathy (IgAN), which encodes an adapter protein and is related to mucosal immunity. This study aims to investigate the association of CARD9 variants with the clinicopathological phenotypes and prognosis of IgAN.Methods: Eight SNPs within CARD9 were genotyped using Sequenom MassARRAY iPLEX for 986 IgAN patients in this study. Logistic and linear regression analyses adjusted for age and gender were performed to evaluate the effects of CARD9 gene polymorphisms on clinicopathological phenotypes. The Kaplan‒Meier method and Cox proportional hazard models were applied to analyse the associations between genetic variants and renal survival.Results: The T allele of rs10747047 was strongly associated with high levels of serum creatinine (P = 0.005) and the lower levels of estimated glomerular filtration rate (P = 0.005). The rs10870149-G and rs10870077-C allele were associated with elevated 24-h urine protein excretion (P = 0.041 and 0.022, respectively) and more serious segmental glomerulosclerosis lesions (P = 0.005 and 0.041, respectively) in IgAN patients. Carriers with the T allele of rs10781533 and the C allele of rs3812552 also presented with severe segmental glomerulosclerosis lesions (P = 0.001 and 0.010, respectively). Additionally, rs10747047-C and rs10870077-C alleles were independently related to the poor prognosis of IgAN patients after adjustments for covariates (TT vs. CC HR = 0.138, 95% CI = 0.022-0.871, P = 0.035; GG vs. CC HR = 0.321, 95% CI = 0.123, 0.836, P = 0.020, respectively).Conclusion: CARD9 variants are associated with disease severity and rapid disease progression for IgAN in a Chinese Han population.  Renal transplant recipients are exposed to immunosuppressive treatment which may increase the risk for developing malignancies. Limited data exists concerning the occurrence of multiple primary malignancies (MPM) in renal transplant patients.All the patients who received a renal allograft at our institution from 1973 to 2017 were included in this investigation. Data from patients with more MPM were obtained from the charts and medical records. Malignancies were categorized as synchronous if the interval between occurrences was less than or equal to 6 months and metachronous if the interval was more than 6 months.Out of the 1884 patients who received a renal allograft, 164 (8.7%) developed a malignant tumor. Twenty-two patients (13.4%; 6 females, 16 males) developed MPM, 7 synchronous (31.8%) and 15 metachronous types (68.2%). The most common initial primary tumors were skin cancers (8) and kidney cancers (3). Furthermore, skin cancers were the most common second primary malignancies (9). Log-rank analysis revealed significantly better survival in the synchronous group (113.3 months) than in the metachronous group (24.6 months) (p=0.04).MPM are more frequent in renal transplant recipients than in the general population. It is associated with a high mortality rate, especially in the metachronous group. An increased awareness and frequent screening tests are necessary when managing this condition. The aim of this study was to determine the cost impact of four different strategies for prevention of cytomegalovirus (CMV) disease after renal transplantation.Hospitalization data and medical resource utilization data were prospectively collected alongside two randomized trials. In the first trial, the patients were randomized to 3-month prophylaxis with either oral ganciclovir (1 g t.i.d., n = 36) or valacyclovir (2 g q.i.d., n = 35), and to the control group (n = 12) managed by deferred therapy. In the second trial, the patients were randomly assigned to 3-month valacyclovir prophylaxis (n = 34) or preemptive therapy with valganciclovir (900 mg b.i.d. for a minimum of 14 days, n = 36) for significant CMV DNAemia. The cost analysis involved all real costs directly related to CMV during the first year after renal transplantation.The mean CMV-associated costs per patient were EUR 4,581, 2,577, 4,968, and 8,050 in patients in the ganciclovir, valacyclovir, preemptive, and deferred therapy groups, respectively (p0.001). Valacyclovir prophylaxis was significantly less expensive than any other regimen. The cost of one episode of CMV disease was EUR 7,510 per patient. Due to excessive incidence of CMV disease, deferred therapy was the most expensive strategy (p0.001).Valacyclovir prophylaxis is less expensive strategy compared with any other regimen.In the anaesthetized dog during and 1 h after release of 24 h unilateral ureteral ligation (UUL) renal blood flow (RBF) decreased to 48 and 43%, respectively, as compared with normal controls. Radioactive microspheres revealed an inward distribution of RBF inasmuch as the ratio outer/inner cortical perfusion (OC/IC) dropped from a control value of 79/21 to 57/43 and 50/50 before and after release, respectively. In normal dogs inhibition of prostaglandin production by indomethacin caused a decrease of RBF with outward distribution, OC/IC amounting to 85/15. Indomethacin treatment in dogs with 24 h UUL led to a further 50% decrease in RBF with a nearly proportional reduction in outer and inner cortical perfusion, with OC/IC ratios amounting to 79/21 before and 74/26 after release. It is assumed that in the ligated kidney prostaglandins produced in the medulla are not transported by the tubular fluid to the outer cortical zones and only exert their dilating effect on the inner cortical, i.e., juxtamedullary, vessels.Cultured renal collecting duct cells from neonatal rabbit kidney were used to examine the influence of aldosterone on enyzmatic activity of citrate synthase during increase in N transport. Control epithelia showed citrate synthase activity of 71 ± 3 mU/mg protein (n=28), while after aldosterone treatment citrate synthase activity was significantly increased to 79 ± 6 mU/mgat 1 h(n=5), to 88 ± 6 mU/mg at 2 h(n=6) and to 93 ± 8 mU/mg protein at 3 h (n=5). Citrate synthase activity subsequently decreased to basal values. Spironolactone fully blocked the aldosterone-induced increase in citrate synthase activity. The time course of enzyme stimulation after aldosterone administration indicates that the hormone activates citrate synthase during the physiological early response phase. Cardiorenal interconnections are complex and may in part be mediated by the extent of intravascular volume expansion. The impact of subclinical volume excess on outcomes in heart failure (HF) patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) has not been examined previously.To assess the impact of volume-kidney interactions on outcomes in clinically “euvolemic” chronic HF patients (NYHA class II) with coexisting CKD.Plasma volume (PV) was prospectively measured in 110 stable HF patients with different degrees of renal function using a standardized radiolabeled albumin indicator-dilution technique. To examine the interactive roles of volume expansion and biomarkers of CKD, the cohort was dichotomized by median PV and then further stratified by cohort median serum creatinine, eGFR, and BUN, and analyzed for outcomes of HF-related mortality and 1st hospitalization.PV was expanded above normal in 76% of the cohort. Over 1.5 years of follow-up, sCr and BUN above and eGFR below cohort median stratified higher risks for the composite endpoint only in ambulatory HF patients with a severe degree of PV expansion (median PV expansion ≥+26%;= 0.02). With less expansion (+26% expansion), these biomarkers reflecting worse renal function did not discriminate risk ( = 0.578). The percentage of subjects experiencing composite outcome events was, however, comparable for both greater and lesser degrees of PV expansion in HF patients with stable clinical status.In clinically stable chronic HF patients with coexisting CKD, substantial subclinical PV expansion is common even when patients are considered clinically to be euvolemic, and, importantly, the extent of PV expansion impacts outcomes including early HF mortality. Better kidney function appears to mitigate the effects of excess PV expansion, while less volume expansion appears to limit the risk of worse renal function as reflected by clinical biomarkers of renal function. Thus, the extent of volume expansion impacts the capacity of standard clinical biomarkers of CKD to differentiate outcome risk in ambulatory chronic (NYHA class II) HF patients.Head-up tilt is associated with rapid increases in total peripheral and renal resistance and falls in the urinary excretion of water and sodium. The influence of the acute oral administration of the converting enzyme inhibitor captopril (50 mg) on the consequences of 60° head-up tilt were assessed in 6 normal subjects on unrestricted sodium intake. Captopril did not modify the responses of arterial pressure and heart rate to tilt, although a significant decrease in supine mean arterial pressure was induced by captopril. In addition, the agent blunted by 50–60% all the changes in renal hemodynamics and urinary excretion of water and electrolytes except for that of the fractional excretion of sodium. Urinary kallikrein activity which markelly fell and plasma aldosterone concentration which increased during tilt before captopril were not affected after administration of the drug. These studies indicate that angiotensin might mediate at least in part the renal hemo-dynamic and functional responses to tilt in normal man and is the primary determinant of the aldosterone stimulating effect of tilt.The renal handling of sodium and calcium in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) was investigated over an extended period (10-75 weeks of age) and compared with age-matched normotensive Wistar-Kyoto controls. The animals were fed a standard rat chow except during screening periods when liquid diet that matched the pellet chow was substituted. Sodium balance, urinary excretion of sodium and calcium, fractional excretion of sodium (FE), and renal cortical dopamine receptors (DA and DA) were measured at 10, 30, 60 and 75 weeks of age. The results showed no difference between the two strains except for FE, which was significantly higher in the SHR at 75 weeks coincident with decreased glomerular filtration rate. We conclude that a defect in renal handling of sodium and/or calcium is not a major factor in the maintenance of hypertension in the SHR. Renal involvement is common in systemic sclerosis (SSc), including asymptomatic reduction of glomerular filtration rate (GFR), increased renal resistance indices, scleroderma renal crisis (SRC) and ANCA-associated vasculitis. The aim was to evaluate type and evolution of renal involvement for a period of five years.121 SSc patients (100 F, 21 M) with mean age of 54.9 ± 13.8, disease duration of 9 ± 6 years, of which 62 had a diffused form and 59 limited form were enrolled. All patients were screened annually for renal function by laboratory examination, ultrasound and color Doppler ultrasound of renal arteries.Over the five-year observation period, 6 SRC (3 M, 3 F) occurred, four of which required dialysis. One patient developed ANCA-related proliferative glomerulonephritis and the other one acute tubular necrosis. The remaining 113 patients had a preserved renal function (serum creatinine 0.75 ± 0.24 mg/dl, GFR 93.8 ± 20 ml/min, 24h proteinuria 0.20 ± 0.15 g). Doppler indices of intrarenal arterial stiffness increased with progression of capillaroscopic damage and with presence of digital ulcers. A negative correlation was observed between estimated GFR and pulsatile index ( 0,05, r=-0.198), resistive index( 0,01, r=0.267), S/D ratio ( 0,01, r=-0.237).In SSc patients, renal function was normal for 4.1 years despite the presence of increased intrarenal arterial stiffness. SRC was observed in 4.9% of SSc patients. In SSc patients, a periodic follow-up based on clinical and laboratory evaluation, colorDoppler ultrasound and, in some cases, renal biopsy is required to evaluate renal involvement. Progressive tubulointerstitial fibrosis (TIF) is the final common pathway leading to ESRD. There is an urgent need to develop effective approaches slowing the progression of TIF. Previous studies showed that systemic supplementation of nicotinamide (NAM) increases renal NAD and reverses ischemic-reperfusion induced acute renal injury. However, the role and mechanism of NAM in TIF has been unclear.In vivo, we injected NAM (0.25 mg/g) 3 days before unilateral ureter obstruction (UUO) till day 7 post-operation. In vitro, mouse primary proximal tubular epithelial cells (PTCs), rat renal NRK-49F cells, and human renal proximal tubular epithelial cell (HK-2) were pretreated with the indicated concentration of NAM 1 h before incubation with transform growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1) or aristolochic acid (AA) for 24 or 48 h. To evaluate the role of sirtuins (SIRTs), PTCs were pretreated with EX527 or resveratrol 30 min before incubation with NAM and TGF-β1.In the present study, we demonstrated that NAM supplementation prevented UUO-induced TIF, and AA-induced renal injury. NAM also decreased the expression of pro-fibrotic proteins and pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-6 and TNF-α) and attenuated interstitial inflammation. In vitro experiment showed that, NAM inhibited AA-induced G2/M arrest of HK-2 cells by downregulating the expression of cyclin G1, a target gene of p53. In addition, NAM inhibited TGF-β1-induced fibroblast proliferation and activation shown as downregulated expression of collagen I, fibronectin, PCNA, cyclin D1, IL-6, and TNF-α. NAM decreased the acetylation of Smad3 and p53. EX527, an inhibitor of SIRT1, reversed the effect of NAM on TGF-β1-induced matrix protein production. However, resveratrol, a SIRT1 activator, did not further boost the protective effect of NAM on reducing matrix protein production.Taken together, these data indicate that NAM supplementation could inhibit TIF at least partially by boosting the activity of sirtuins. The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) blockade is currently the best-documented treatment strategy to delay the progression of chronic nephropathies. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (CEIs) or angiotensin II type 1 receptor antagonists (ARBs) should be used in every normotensive and hypertensive patient with chronic proteinuric nephropathy of both diabetic and non-diabetic origin. The therapy should be initiated as early as possible, bearing in mind that the renoprotection is more effective if used before overt proteinuria or a reduction in kidney function is present. The therapy should be offered to all patients, regardless of renal function, as well as to subjects with severely impaired glomerular filtration. CEIs and ARBs should be administered in therapeutic doses as high as possible to achieve maximal possible proteinuria reduction and systemic blood pressure target 130/80 mm Hg, and 125/75 mm Hg in those subjects with renal insufficiency who present with proteinuria above 1 g/24 h. The combined therapy with the concomitant use of CEIs and ARBs should be offered to all patients with proteinuric non-diabetic chronic nephropathies who do not achieve full and persistent remission of proteinuria with CEI or ARB alone. The article reviews an evidence-based approach on the use of RAAS-inhibiting agents in kidney diseases, considers treatment strategies in different clinical situations and discusses some perspectives related to the implementation of the RAAS blockade in renal protection.Scope: Obtain kidney tissue and metadata about tissue location within the whole kidney for storage and analysis.Expected Outcome: A portion of kidney tissue and a series of images that provide information about the original location of the smaller tissue. To investigate the effects of ischemia on renal metabolites, sequential slices of renal cortex were removed during 5 min of renal artery occlusion and for 5 min after release of occlusion. ATP concentrations rapidly fell during ischemia and rose during the post-ischemic period. Based on the rate of decline of ATP concentrations, the rate of ATP production was estimated to be 0.5 µ mol ATP/g/min. This is considerably less than the rate of ATP production estimated from renal O consumption. During ischemia, AMP concentrations rose, confirming the activity of adenylate kinase. The control lactate/pyruvate ratio suggested that dog kidney cytosol is more reduced than the cytosol of rat liver and kidney. During ischemia, the lactate concentrations and the lactate/pyruvate ratio of dog renal cortex increased as expected, and fell after restoration of blood flow. β-Hydroxybutyrate concentrations were considerably lower than those previously reported for rat liver and kidney. The β-hydroxybutyrate/acetoacetate ratio was not measurable during ischemia. However, the mitochondrial redox state, calculated from the glutamate/α-ketoglutarate·NH ratio, was similar to previous reports and this ratio appropriately changed during the ischemic and post-ischemic period.Renal clearance, microperfusion and patch-clamp techniques were used to investigate the effects of the K-channel blocker glyburide on electrolyte excretion, the transport properties of the thick ascending limb (TAL) of Henle and K-channel activity in the apical membrane of the TAL and of the cortical collecting tubule. Our data suggest that the K-channel blocker glyburide can inhibit transport of Na and K in the TAL by blocking K recycling across the apical membrane. Additionally, inhibition of K secretion in the collecting ducts occurs by decreasing the activity of apical K channels and prevents kaliuresis.The portion of Na-K-ATPase activity on oxygen consumption was determined in suspensions of rat proximal tubules by monitoring oxygen consumption (Q) under different metabolic states: in the presence or absence of succinate or lactate (10 mmol/l) and increasing concentrations of ouabain (0.4; 0.8; 1.2 and 1.6 mmol/l). In the metabolic states tested, the ouabain induced decrease of Q was identical, which implies a fixed rate between Na-K-ATPase activity and Q. On the basis of these results, Ki and maximal inhibition rate were determined by Lineweaver-Burk and Eadie-Hofstee plots. K was 0.67 mmol/l ouabain and the maximal inhibition of Q was 77%. This corresponds to an absolute decrease of Q of 1,630 µmol Oprotein. Since this value represents the real portion of Na-K-ATPase on Q, the activity of Na-K-ATPase can be calculated, yielding an activity of 163 µmol ATPtubule protein.The normal filtered load of albumin at the rat glomerulus was estimated to be 18 mg/24 h × g kidney weight by means of micropuncture studies. Total nephron fractional reabsorption was 91%. The proximal convoluted tubule accounted for 72% of total reabsorption followed by an additional 12% in the loop of Henle. Only minimal protein uptake occurred in more distal parts of the nephron. Na maleate, given at a dosage of 2 /kg body weight 2 h prior to micropuncture, inhibited tubular albumin uptake in the proximal convoluted tubule. As in controls there was no measurable protein uptake beyond the loop of Henle. These results indicated that tubular reabsorption of albumin was virtually completed by the early distal convoluted tubule. Maleate was found to be a potent inhibitor of protein transport in the proximal convoluted tubule resulting in a fractional excretion of albumin of 50%.Assisted PD (assPD) is an option of home dialysis treatment for dependent end-stage renal patients and worldwide applied in different countries since more than 40 years. China and Germany shares similar trends in demographic development with a growing proportion of elderly referred to dialysis treatment. So far number of patients treated by assPD is low in both countries. We analyze experiences in the implementation process, barriers, and benefits of ass PD in the aging population to provide a model for sustainable home dialysis treatment with PD in both countries. Differences and similarities of different factors (industrial, patient and facility based) which affect utilization of assPD are discussed. AssPD should be promoted in China and Germany to realize the benefits of home dialysis for the aging population by providing a structured model of implementation and quality assurance.Background/Aims: Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients has been extensively studied, but few investigations have attempted to relate ABPM with CKD stages. The objectives of this article were to compare ABPM parameters for the diagnosis and treatment determination of CKD with daytime clinic blood pressure (BP) measurements. We also investigated BP and renal injury in combined hypertension and CKD. We supposed ABPM was important in combined hypertension and CKD. Methods: We compared ABPM in hypertension patients, including 152 patients with combined hypertension and CKD. Patients with combined hypertension and CKD were grouped according to severity into stages 1 through 3 (Stage 1-3) and stages 4 and 5 (Stage 4-5). Results: In the Stage 4-5 group, systolic BP (SBP) (daytime, nighttime and 24 h mean), diastolic BP (DBP), pulse pressure and SBP standard deviations (SD) (daytime and 24 h) were higher. SBP and DBP loads were significantly higher in the Stage 4-5 group. The nighttime load was higher than the daytime load. Mean arterial pressure (MAP) was higher and heart rates (HR) were faster in the Stage 4-5 group. Conclusions: BP load should be a component employed in ABPM to determine cardiovascular risk stratification. MAP and HR might be associated with risk to develop end-stage renal disease. The renal biopsy represents a cornerstone in the definition of monoclonal gammopathy of renal significance (MGRS), helping in identifying patients with sub-detectable neoplastic clones (MGUS) that would deserve aggressive chemotherapies. However, the rising complexity of this onco-nephrology field is significantly challenging the daily work of nephrologists and nephropathologists, leading to the formation of ultra-specialized international centers with dedicated personnel/instrumentation and stressing the need for a better understanding of the underlying molecular landscape of these entities.In this setting, the application of proteomic techniques, some with in situ capabilities (e.g., MALDI-MS imaging), for the investigation of the most challenging MGRS is progressively shedding light on the pathobiology of these diseases, providing new insights in the diagnosis and prognosis of these cases. This transformation is further enhanced by the application of next-generation digital pathology platforms, leading to a significant improvement of the cultural background for physicians thanks to second opinions, database and atlas creation, enhancement of diagnostic reports, with obvious repercussions for patients both in terms of turnaround time and appropriateness. Key Messages: The present review is aimed at bridging the gap between clinical questions (i.e., a better characterization of MGRS) and the molecular landscape of onco-nephrology entities.  The emerging renal and cardiovascular complications of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) genetics involves differently assembled gene variants including transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma 2 (PPARG2) polymorphisms. However, the relevance of these genes for complication prediction has not been extensively tested.We analyzed the SNP rs7903146 variants in TCF7L2 and PPARG2 gene polymorphisms for their contribution to the incidence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and cardiovascular complications in a prospective cohort study. All T2DM patients were followed up to estimate the glomerular filtration rate and cardiovascular outcomes. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to estimate the genotype effect on the incidence of CKD and vascular complications.A total of 422 patients were included. SNP rs7903146 variants in the TCF7L2 gene were classified into 3 groups: CC, 385 patients (91.2%), CT, 32 patients (7.6%), and TT, 5 patients (1.2%), while in the PPARG2 gene they were classified into 2 groups: Pro12Pro, 404 patients (95.7%) and Pro12Ala, 18 patients (4.3%). The prevalence of CKD, cardiovascular disease, and death at the end of the 5-year follow-up was 16.8, 29, and 7.9%, respectively. The Pro12Ala variant of the PPARG2 gene was significantly associated with increased CKD risk at the end of the study (adjusted HR 3.45, 95% CI 1.01–11.77,= 0.046); it showed a significant association with increased cerebrovascular risk, but not cardiovascular disease and mortality. No genotype effect of rs7903146 in the TCF7L2 gene was apparent on renal and cardiovascular complications, except the TT variant of rs7903146 increased cardiovascular events when compared with the non-TT variant.The findings of our study were that the Pro12Ala variant in the PPARG2 gene was associated with risk of developing CKD and cerebrovascular disease in Asian T2DM subjects in a prospective cohort study. The TCF7L2 polymorphism was not associated with cardiovascular outcomes. Anaemia is a nearly universal complication of chronic kidney disease (CKD). Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs) have been demonstrated to improve clinical outcomes and quality of life (QOL) in renal patients with anaemia. Patient-reported outcome measures (PROMs) are increasingly being used to evaluate the patient-centred impact of medical therapy. Here, we describe a systematic review of studies that evaluated patient-centred outcomes (PCOs) in renal patients undergoing anaemia treatment.We conducted a search of Medline (Ovid), EMBASE (Ovid), PsychINFO, and CINAHL databases for studies published until March 2018 that investigated an intervention to treat anaemia in renal patients and used at least one PROM. We also performed a quality assessment for all included studies. Statistical analyses characterized each study, PROMs used, the quality of PCO reporting, and the association between haematological outcomes and PCOs.Of the 3,533 studies identified in the database search, 21 met all eligibility criteria. Fourteen (67%) of the studies were randomized-controlled trials. Most studies (81%) investigated CKD patients, 14% investigated post-renal transplant patients and 5% assessed patients with heart disease on haemodialysis. The most common anaemia intervention, used in 95% of studies, was ESAs. Forty-three percent of studies utilized one PROM, most commonly the SF-36, a measure of QOL not specifically created for use in nephrology patients. About a third of studies selectively reported PROM subscales, rather than reporting all subscales. Notable biases among included studies included lack of blinding, selective outcome reporting, and lack of power estimates for PCOs. We did not find a statistically significant association between improvements in haemoglobin and QOL.Future studies employing anaemia and nephrology-specific PROMs and conducted with greater rigour, standardization in the research methods, and reporting of PCOs in renal populations will improve understanding of PCOs in this patient group and hopefully improve patient outcomes and experiences. The kidney plays a critical role in the control of blood pressure and its elevation in salt-induced hypertension. Mitochondrial dysfunction, especially in energy metabolism, has been associated with hypertension. Here, we aimed to investigate mitochondrial function and metabolic features in renal mitochondria of Dahl salt-sensitive (SS) rats to gain further insight into the relationship between mitochondrial metabolism and predisposition to hypertension.In this study, SS rats fed low-salt (LS) or high-salt (HS) diets were used to investigate mitochondrial function and metabolism including mitochondrial enzyme activities, pyridine nucleotides, metabolites, and oxidative stress by biochemical analysis and gas chromatography-mass spectrometer (GC-MS).Significantly lower activity levels of fumarase, isocitrate dehydrogenase and succinyl-CoA synthetase were observed in renal mitochondria of SS rats compared with SS.13 control rats fed LS diets. Intra-mitochondrial pyridine nucleotide content and mitochondrial metabolism were adversely affected in SS rats. In accordance with this, reduced ATP production, Δψm, and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity were also observed in mitochondria of the renal medulla and cortex of SS rats. Moreover, ATP production was further impaired and oxidative stress was increased, confirming that the mitochondria of SS rats fed HS diets were dysfunctional compared to those of rats fed LS diets.Our data demonstrated that the renal mitochondria of SS rats exhibited complicated metabolic alteration and dysfunction in low-salt diets, and high-salt diets aggravated these dysfunctions. Thus, these results may be associated with renal dysfunction, which, in turn, would help in understanding the development of salt-sensitive hypertension.The accumulating evidence that the delivery of fluid from the proximal tubules to the loop of Henle (V) can be measured in conscious rats by the lithium clearance (C)technique has renewed interest in developing a method by which also the glomerular filtration rate can be measured in conscious rats in a steady-state condition without influence from anesthesia and surgery. In the present study, Wistar rats of both sexes were put into a restraining cage, catheters were implanted in the jugular vein and the bladder, and renal parameters were determined under various conditions: different types of surgery, absence or presence of infusion with saline or glucose, normal or reversed diurnal rhythm, and examination at various times after surgery. In acutely operated and restrained rats given saline infusion, the proximal tubular fluid output (C) as well as the urinary excretion of sodium (UV) increased markedly during the first hours after anesthesia and surgery. After 5 h, both variables were significantly higher than in unoperated, unrestrained rats (C 364 ± 40 vs. 151 ± 38 µl/min/100g; UV 1,243 ± 433 vs. 219 ± 88 nmol/min/lOOg; means ± SD). Reversal of the diurnal rhythm did not change this pattern. Rats infused with 150 ml glucose instead of saline showed similar increases in C and UV, although the absolute levels were lower than in saline-infused rats. Rats given no infusion at all had subnormal values of C and UV. Rats operated 1–3 days before experiments and infused with saline showed enhanced although more stable values of C and UV. It is concluded that preceding anesthesia and surgery cause a lowering, and restraining and infusion an enhancement of V and UV. As a consequence, the acutely catheterized, restrained rat model may not be suited for studies on physiological changes in tubular sodium handling.Autoregulatory efficiency of renal blood flow (RBF) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was evaluated in 12 anesthetized dogs that had been maintained on low-sodium diet during control conditions and following infusion of an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (captopril). Converting enzyme inhibition (CEI) decreased systemic blood pressure by 15.5 ± 3.5%, increased RBF by 36.3 ± 6.5%, and increased GFR by 25.9 ± 10.7%. In response to reductions in renal arterial pressure, RBF was efficiently autoregulated and did not change significantly until the 89- to 75-mm Hg range during the control period and the 74- to 54-mm Hg range during CEI. Overall GFR autoregulatory efficiency was generally well maintained during CEI; however, evaluation of the coupled autoregulatory efficiency of RBF and GFR indicated that during angiotensin blockade, there was a greater incidence of a dissociation between RBF and GFR autoregulatory efficiency. Six of the 12 dogs showed reduced GFR autoregulatory efficiency at renal arterial pressures where RBF was still well maintained. Thus, while the data indicate that blockade of the renin-angiotensin system does not abolish the basic capability of the kidney to autoregulate either RBF or GFR efficiently, more subtle influences on the coupling of RBF and GFR autoregulatory efficiency were observed at the lower level of the autoregulatory range.BackgroundSepsis is the most common cause of acute kidney injury (AKI) among critically ill patients. This study aimed to determine whether presepsin is a predictor of septic acute kidney injury, renal replacement therapy initiation (RRTi) in sepsis patients, and prognosis in septic AKI patients.
MethodsPresepsin values were measured immediately after ICU admission (baseline) and on Days 2, 3, and 5 after ICU admission. Glasgow Prognostic Score (GPS), neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR), platelet to lymphocyte ratio, Prognostic Index, and Prognostic Nutritional Index (PNI) were measured at baseline. Total scores were calculated (hereafter, “inflammation-presepsin scores [iPS]”) for category classification. Presepsin values, inflammation-based prognostic scores, and iPS were compared between patients with and without septic AKI or RRTi and between survivors and non-survivors.
ResultsReceiver operating characteristic curve analyses identified the following variables as predictors of septic AKI and RRTi in sepsis patients: presepsin on Day 1 (AUC: 0.73) and Day 2 (AUC: 0.71) for septic AKI, and presepsin on Day 1 (AUC: 0.71), Day 2 (AUC: 0.9), and Day 5 (AUC: 0.96), Δpresepsin (Day 2 – Day 1) (AUC: 0.84), Δpresepsin (Day 5 – Day 1) (AUC: 0.93), and PNI (AUC: 0.72) for RRTi. Multivariate logistic regression analyses identified presepsin on Day 2 as a predictor of prognosis in septic AKI patients.
ConclusionsPresepsin and PNI were found to be predictors of septic AKI, RRTi in sepsis patients, and prognosis in septic AKI patients.Background and AimsRenal supportive care (RSC) is a novel multidisciplinary patient-centred model of care that focuses on symptom management and quality of life improvement in patients with advanced chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), including conservative care. Despite an increased interest in embedding RSC into routine nephrology practice, there is limited literature on the effects of symptom improvement in patients attending RSC services. We aimed to examine symptom improvement and symptom progression in patients receiving renal supportive care.Using Integrated Palliative care Outcome Scale Renal (IPOS-renal) scores collected during routine RSC clinics, we analysed the changes in individual IPOS-renal items and summative scores for symptoms associated with chronic kidney disease, stratified by time from the initial clinic visit (0-6 months, 6-12 months, and 12 months), in all patients attending our RSC service in a tertiary hospital between November 2015 and July 2019.Of 245 patients referred to our RSC service, 61 patients completed two or more IPOS-renal surveys. At initial visit, majority of the patients were reviewed at hospital outpatient clinic (n=42, 71%), followed by dialysis (n=8, 13%), home visit (n=6, 10%), and inpatient ward (n=4, 7%). The median (IQR) eGFR was 13 (7-16) ml/min/1.73m2 and median Karnofsky score was 70 (60-80). Weakness (n=59, 97%) and poor mobility (n=52, 85%) were the most common initial complaints. For all reported symptoms, dyspnea improved the most for all three time periods (summative IPOS score changes of 28, 17, and 8 points for 0-6, 6-12, 12 months, respectively). Poor mobility was the only symptom that continued to deteriorate between 0-6 months despite attending renal supportive care (without a physiotherapist). For asymptomatic patients, more than half of the symptoms remained quiescent after attending RSC service for more than 12 months. Among newly developed symptoms, nausea, dyspnea, and drowsiness were most common between 0-6 months. In contrast, pruritus, dry mouth, and constipation were the most common complaints after 12 months.RSC interventions provided symptom improvement in patients with advanced CKD and ESKD, but poor mobility remained a concern in this population. Incorporating physiotherapy to RSC may further improve symptom management. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) (2021) guidelines for the assessment and management of chronic kidney disease set out indications for ordering renal ultrasounds.The aim of this audit was to identify the number of renal ultrasounds ordered for new referrals to a nephrology outpatient service, whether the reason for these ultrasounds met the NICE guidelines, how many ultrasounds were ordered for each indication and whether the outcome of the scan was normal or abnormal.There were 287 referrals to the nephrology outpatient service, which were reviewed as to whether the ultrasound request met the guidelines. From the 278 new referrals, 139 had a renal ultrasound ordered. Of these, 57 met the criteria for having an ultrasound, while 82 requests did not meet the guidelines.This audit highlights the frequency with which inappropriate ordering occurs, as well as the ongoing need for education amongst clinicians on appropriate indications and the potential cost deficits involved. The mode of action of highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) in regulating gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata) head kidney (HK) cortisol production was studied throughin vitrotrials using a dynamic superfusion system. Fish were previously fed with different diets containing several inclusion levels of linseed oil (LO) or soyabean oil (SO) for 26 weeks. Five diets were tested; anchovy oil was the only lipid source for the control diet (fish oil, FO) and two different substitution levels (70 and 100 %) were tested using either LO or SO (70LO, 70SO, 100LO and 100SO). Fatty acid compositions of the HK reflected the dietary input, thus EPA, DHA, arachidonic acid and-3 HUFA were significantly (0·05) reduced in fish fed vegetable oils compared with fish fed the FO diet. Feeding 70 or 100 % LO increased significantly (0·05) cortisol release in HK after stimulation with adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH), while feeding SO had no effect on this response. Cortisol stimulation factor (SF) was increased in fish fed the 70LO and 100LO diets compared with fish fed the control diet. Moreover, eicosanoid inhibition by incubating the HK tissue with indomethacin (INDO) as a cyclo-oxygenase (COX) inhibitor, or nordihydroguaiaretic acid (NDGA) as a lipoxygenase (LOX) inhibitor, significantly reduced (0·05) the cortisol release after ACTH stimulation in the 70LO and 100LO diets. Cortisol SF was reduced in the FO, 70LO and 100LO diets when incubating the HK with INDO or NDGA, while it was increased in the 70SO diet. The present results indicate that changing the fatty acid profile of gilthead sea bream HK by including LO and/or SO in the fish diet affected thein vitrocortisol release, and this effect is partly mediated by COX and/or LOX metabolites. The effects of chronic single nephron or mesonephric duct obstruction on renal pressures were measured in anesthetized Necturi by servo-null techniques. Glomerular capillary hydrostatic pressure (PGC) averaged 11.3 +/- 1.2 (SD) cmH2O in 18 normal nephrons. Chronic tubule blockade for 2-6 days produced no significant change in PGC. Light and electron microscopy of the juxtaglomerular apparatus (JGA) revealed juxtaglomerular cell granules widely dispersed along the course of preglomerular arterioles, a deficient macula densa, and no polkissen. The absence of a detectable change in PGC with chronic tubule blockade, i.e., a tubuloglomerular feedback response, may reflect poor development of the JGA in this amphibian. Three decades ago a revolutionary idea was born that ascribed to dysfunctional endothelia some manifestations of diabetes, the Steno hypothesis, so named after the Steno Diabetes Center, Gentofte, in Denmark. Here I briefly outline the accomplishments accrued in the past 15 years to buttress this hypothesis. Those include development of novel technological platforms to examine microcirculatory beds, deeper understanding of patterns of microvascular derangement in diabetes, pathophysiology of nitric oxide synthesis and availability, nitrosative and oxidative stress in diabetes, premature senescence of endothelial cells and the role of sirtuin 1 and lysosomal dysfunction in this process, and the state of endothelial glycocalyx and endothelial progenitor cells in diabetes. These pathophysiological findings may yield some therapeutic benefits. The pulse-injection multiple-indicator-dilution technique in vivo has been used to investigate bidirectional sugar interaction with the antiluminal surface of the nephron in dog kidney. Simultaneous renal vein and urine outflow curves were obtained for radiolabeled sugars known to interact with the antiluminal surface. The following sugars were tested relative to T-1824 albumin (plasma reference) and creatinine (extracellular reference) under conditions of high-dose phlorizin preloading (75–225 mg/kg): D-glucose, D-xylose, D-fucose, D-mannose, D-galactose, L-arabinose, myoinositol, and D-fructose. The results indicate that as the plasma concentration of phlorizin increases there is, first, a partial inhibition of sugar interaction at the antiluminal membrane so that only unidirectional uptake of sugar from blood to tubular cell is observed, followed by complete inhibition of sugar interaction at the peritubular face of the antiluminal membrane, resulting in superposition of sugar and creatinine curves in the renal vein effluent. Two possible interpretations exist. i) Phlorizin exerts its inhibitory action successively at the cytoplasmic and then at the peritubular face of the antiluminal membrane. Moreover, since all of the sugar substrates are inhibited by phlorizin, the data suggest that the sugar-membrane interaction takes place at a common site at the level of the proximal tubule. ii) Alternatively, the action of phlorizin could result from a metabolic inhibitory effect affecting multiple sugar transport systems at the antiluminal membrane. While mitochondrial dysfunction is a pathological process that occurs after acute kidney injury (AKI), the state of mitochondrial homeostasis during the injury and recovery phases of AKI remains unclear. We examined markers of mitochondrial homeostasis in two nonlethal rodent AKI models. Myoglobinuric AKI was induced by glycerol injection into rats, and mice were subjected to ischemic AKI. Animals in both models had elevated serum creatinine, indicative of renal dysfunction, 24 h after injury which partially recovered over 144 h postinjury. Markers of proximal tubule function/injury, including neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin and urine glucose, did not recover during this same period. The persistent pathological state was confirmed by sustained caspase 3 cleavage and evidence of tubule dilation and brush-border damage. Respiratory proteins NDUFB8, ATP synthase β, cytochrome c oxidase subunit I (COX I), and COX IV were decreased in both injury models and did not recover by 144 h. Immunohistochemical analysis confirmed that COX IV protein was progressively lost in proximal tubules of the kidney cortex after ischemia-reperfusion (I/R). Expression of mitochondrial fission protein Drp1 was elevated after injury in both models, whereas the fusion protein Mfn2 was elevated after glycerol injury but decreased after I/R AKI. LC3-I/II expression revealed that autophagy increased in both injury models at the later time points. Markers of mitochondrial biogenesis, such as PGC-1α and PRC, were elevated in both models. These findings reveal that there is persistent disruption of mitochondrial homeostasis and sustained tubular damage after AKI, even in the presence of mitochondrial recovery signals and improved glomerular filtration.The discovery of the aquaporin family of water channels has greatly improved our understanding of how water crosses epithelial cells, particularly in the kidney. The study of the mechanisms involved in the regulation of collecting duct water permeability, in particular, has advanced very rapidly since the identification and characterization of aquaporin-2 (AQP2) in 1993. One of the more surprising findings has been the dramatic long-term changes that are seen in the abundance of this protein, as well as the recognition that these changes represent a way of modulating the acute antidiuretic effects of vasopressin. Furthermore, such changes seem to be of etiological and pathological significance in a number of clinical disorders of water balance. This review focuses on the various conditions in which AQP2 expression is altered (either increased or decreased) and on what this can tell us about the signals and mechanisms controlling these changes. Ultimately, this may be of great value in the clinical management of water balance disorders. Evidence is also now beginning to emerge that there are similar changes in the expression of other renal aquaporins, which had previously been thought to provide an essentially constitutive water permeability pathway, suggesting that they too should be considered as regulatory factors in the control of body water balance.Many of the signaling pathways that regulate tissue specification and coordinate cellular differentiation during embryogenesis have been identified over the last decade. These pathways are integrated at the transcriptional level, enabling activation of specific developmental programs in a temporally and spatially restricted fashion. Such developmental events are usually thought of in terms of hierarchical relationships, in which the expression of upstream factors leads to the sequential activation of a linear cascade of downstream genes. Whereas these models provide a simplistic approach to understand complex cellular events, genetic and biochemical studies in mice and other model organisms provide ample evidence that many of these factors interact at multiple levels in vivo and emphasize the importance of considering these linear events in context. The purpose of this review is to emphasize the complexity of these regulatory networks during the early phases of mammalian kidney development, outlining some of the limitations and alternative approaches that are being used to explore the complex nature of these networks in vivo. Before describing these networks in detail, we will provide a brief overview of the main structural changes and tissue interactions involved in mammalian kidney development, and go on to describe some of the limitations of our current approaches to evaluate the role of these developmental pathways in vivo. Renal tubular reabsorption of cystine and lysine were studied in the isolated perfused rat kidney to bridge the gap between in vivo clearance studies, and in vitro transport studies of tubule fragments, cells, and brush-border membranes. Lysine was reabsorped by a saturable transport system shared by the dibasics. Cystine was also reabsorbed by a saturable transport system, which was shared in part by the dibasics (maximum inhibition 30%). The lysine threshold (Fmin) was 0.9 mumol.min, with a tubular maximum (TM) of 2.4 mumol.min. The cystine Fmin was 0.06 mumol.min; the TM could not be estimated because it was above the limit of cystine solubility. There was no evidence of cystine ,secretion.- The gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitor, AT-125, decreased cystine excretion, but only in the presence of glutathione, glycine, glutamate, and the diabasic amino acids. This suggests that cystine from glutathione degradation at the brush border may contribute to urinary cystine (an explanation of the phenomenon of cystine secretion), but only under certain conditions.  p-Aminohippuric acid (PAH) transport by basolateral membrane (BLM) vesicles isolated from rat renal cortex was stimulated very little by a Na+ gradient (out greater than in). However, when micromolar concentrations of glutaric acid or alpha-ketoglutaric acid were added in the presence of a out greater than in Na+ gradient, PAH uptake was accelerated greater than 20-fold and an overshoot of greater than fivefold was produced. Other anions, e.g., fumarate, stimulated PAH uptake very modestly under these conditions (approximately 2-fold), and that stimulation was totally prevented by short circuiting, i.e., with K+ (in = out) and valinomycin. Glutarate-stimulated uptake was inhibited by 4-acetamido-4'-isothiocyanostilbene-2,2'-disulfonic acid (SITS) and probenecid and was slightly stimulated by the imposition of an inside-negative membrane potential. Furthermore, even in the absence of a Na+ gradient, glutarate-loaded vesicles exhibited a marked acceleration of PAH uptake (5-fold) and a modest overshoot (2.5-fold). These results suggest an indirect coupling of BLM PAH uptake to the Na+ gradient by a cyclic accumulation (Na+-dependent) of glutarate followed by its efflux from the vesicle in exchange for PAH. This coupled system was absent in apical membranes. Thus net secretory transport of PAH may entail Na+-dependent, glutarate-driven PAH uptake at the BLM, followed by the exit of PAH into the lumen down its electrochemical gradient, probably in exchange for other anions, e.g., Cl-, HCO3-, or OH-.  Patient engagement, in self-managing a long-term kidney condition and for continued communication with healthcare providers, is well recognised as being a key influencing factor in treatment concordance and improved health outcomes. The ability to adapt care and services to maintain relevance for patient groups is a constant challenge to those caring for young adults. Identifying innovative solutions and collaborative working with both patients and multi-agencies is pivotal in bringing young adult services into line with modern technology and communication methods. The MyKidneyCare app is a handheld patient record, communication and self-management tool. Using mobile technology aims to support young adults with their transition from paediatric to adult kidney services, aid self-management of their kidney condition and signpost them to important information resources.Smartphone technology was identified by young adults as being relevant and useful as a means of managing their own kidney care needs and promoting better self-awareness and communication with their multidisciplinary healthcare team. MyKidneyCare app is a self-management tool, which complements a range of age-appropriate services and tools designed to increase the likelihood of young adult engagement with their kidney care teams and concordance with treatment regimens. Background The effect of renal biopsy on the prognosis of elderly patients with chronic kidney disease remains unclear. Thus, in this study, we aimed to evaluate the relationship between renal biopsy and renal survival in this population.Methods In this multi-centre retrospective study, the baseline characteristics among three groups were balanced by propensity matching. All patients were divided into three groups according to age and renal biopsy. The clinicopathological features at biopsy and renal outcomes during the follow-up were collected and analysed. Renal outcomes were defined as estimated glomerular filtration rate15 mL/min/1.73 m2, dialysis, renal transplantation, or death. The prognostic effects of renal biopsy were evaluated using Cox regression models. Results A total of 1313 patients were identified. After propensity matching, 390 patients were selected and divided into three groups. After a total follow-up period of 55 months, 20 (13.3%) patients (47.6% group 1 vs 7.41% group 2 vs 39.1% group 3) reached renal outcomes. No significant differences were found in renal outcomes among aged patients whether they underwent renal biopsy or not. Cox regression analysis revealed risk factors in aged patients including low albumin and high levels of proteinuria and serum creatinine (P0.05). Platelet count was significant only in aged patients who underwent renal biopsy (hazard ratio: 0.642, P0.05). Conclusion In conclusion, renal biopsy in the elderly has not shown benefits in terms of renal survival, conservative treatment appears to be a viable therapeutic option in the management of those people.We present a case series of patients with chronic kidney disease of unknown etiology (CKDu) coming from a well-defined geographic area, Yavatmal, district of Maharashtra, in central of India. These patients presented with advanced renal failure, variable proteinuria, and bilateral hyperechoic kidneys, largely normotensive and belonged to poor economic class from agricultural communities. The study highlights the need for large epidemiological survey in Yavatmal region to detect patients with CKDu and investigate the possible etiology. Mr AA, a 42-year-old investment banker, was diagnosed with acute kidney injury after taking non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Adrian Coleman and Mee Onn Chai discuss the mechanisms of action and adverse effects of this commonly prescribed class of medication.  The renal prognosis of post-renal acute kidney injury (PoR-AKI) has not been verified so far. The objective of this study was to assess the association of baseline anemia with long-term renal prognosis in patients with PoR-AKI.We performed a multicenter retrospective cohort study. Consecutive adult patients from December 2006 to February 2010, who met the requirements as mentioned in the definition of PoR-AKI, were included. Patients without data on baseline renal function and at 6 months after PoR-AKI were excluded. We set baseline hemoglobin (Hb) level (g/dl) as the main exposure to be tested. The main outcome measure was long-term renal prognosis as determined by the difference between proximate estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) at 6 months after diagnosis of PoR-AKI and baseline eGFR prior to the occurrence of the present PoR-AKI (eGFR after 6 months) using the general linear model.We included 136 patients with PoR-AKI. The most frequent cause of PoR-AKI was malignancy, accounting for 39.0% (n = 53) of cases. Multivariate analysis adjusted for possible confounders showed that eGFR after 6 months significantly changed by -4.28 ml/min/1.73for every 1 g/dl lower Hb at diagnosis (95% CI 1.86-6.69, p0.01). An additional multivariate analysis that was stratified by the presence or absence of malignancy as the cause of PoR-AKI yielded the same significant result only in the stratum of the nonmalignant cause of PoR-AKI.Patients with a nonmalignant cause of PoR-AKI who have baseline anemia may have poor long-term renal prognosis. In these cases, close observation of renal function after renal recovery may be required. Kidney water conservation requires a hypertonic medullary interstitium, NaCl in the outer medulla and NaCl and urea in the inner medulla, plus a vascular configuration that protects against washout. In this work, a multisolute model of the rat kidney is revisited to examine its capacity to simulate antidiuresis. The first step was to streamline model computation by parallelizing its Jacobian calculation, thus allowing finer medullary spatial resolution and more extensive examination of model parameters. It is found that outer medullary NaCl is modestly increased when transporter density in ascending Henle limbs from juxtamedullary nephrons is scaled to match the greater juxtamedullary solute flow. However, higher NaCl transport produces greater CO generation and, by virtue of countercurrent vascular flows, establishment of high medullary Pco. This CO gradient can be mitigated by assuming that a fraction of medullary transport is powered anaerobically. Reducing vascular flows or increasing vessel permeabilities does little to further increase outer medullary solute gradients. In contrast to medullary models of others, vessels in this model have solute reflection coefficients close to zero; increasing these coefficients provides little enhancement of solute profiles but does generate high interstitial pressures, which distort tubule architecture. Increasing medullary urea delivery via entering vasa recta increases inner medullary urea, although not nearly to levels found in rats. In summary, 1) medullary Na and urea gradients are not captured by the model and 2) the countercurrent architecture that provides antidiuresis also produces exaggerated Pco profiles and is an unappreciated constraint on models of medullary function.  The cardiac (versus retinal rod) Na/Ca exchanger gene has been cloned, sequenced and shown by RNA analysis to be present in diverse tissues. Analysis of published sequences shows that a single isoform is found in heart tissue from many species (NACA1 isoform). We provide evidence here by ribonuclease (RNase) protection assays and by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification with sequence analysis that a new isoform encoding the Na/Ca exchanger is present in renal tissue. This isoform (NACA3) reveals a 7-amino acid deletion in the tested region compared with the NACA2 isoform described by Reilly and Shugrue [Am. J. Physiol. 262 (Renal Fluid Electrolyte Physiol. 31): F1105-F1109, 1992] and is the dominant exchanger transcript in kidney. Analysis of the sequence of all isoforms indicates that the differences in the isoforms reside in the large intracellular loop region of the protein. Alternative splicing of a single Na/Ca exchanger message may be responsible for these tissue-specific transcripts. channels are involved in a range of functions, including regulation of cell volume and/or intracellular pH, acidification of intracellular vesicles, and vectorial transport of NaCl across many epithelia. Numerous Clchannels have been identified in the kidney, based on single-channel properties such as conductance, anion selectivity, gating, and response to inhibitors. The molecular counterpart of many of these Clchannels is still not known. This review will focus on gene-targeted mouse models disrupting two structural classes of Clchannels that are relevant for the kidney: the CLC family of voltage-gated Clchannels and the CFTR. Disruption of several members of the CLC family in the mouse provided useful models for various inherited diseases of the kidney, including Dent's disease and diabetes insipidus. Mice with disrupted CFTR are valuable models for cystic fibrosis (CF), the most common autosomal recessive, lethal disease in Caucasians. Although CFTR is expressed in various nephron segments, there is no overt renal phenotype in CF. Analysis of CF mice has been useful to identify the role and potential interactions of CFTR in the kidney. Furthermore, observations made in CF mice are potentially relevant to all other models of Clchannel knockouts because they emphasize the importance of alternative Clpathways in such models. To characterize the mechanism of chloride transport across individual cell membranes, experiments were carried out on early distal tubules in the doubly perfused Amphiuma kidney and net chloride flux, transepithelial and transmembrane cell potentials, and intracellular chloride activity measured. Net chloride flux was evaluated by a modified stationary microperfusion technique, and intracellular and intraluminal chloride activities by means of double-barreled liquid ion exchange microelectrodes. Control conditions were characterized by significant net volume and chloride reabsorption, a transepithelial potential difference of +9.0 +/- 0.5 mV (lumen positive), and cell chloride activities above electrochemical equilibrium across both luminal and peritubular cell membranes. Following luminal application of furosemide (5 X 10(-5) M) or perfusion with either a sodium- or chloride-free solution, net flux of chloride fell dramatically, the transepithelial potential difference was abolished, and cell chloride activity dropped sharply to approach electrochemical equilibrium. The decrease in transepithelial potential difference was fully accounted for by hyperpolarization of the basolateral cell membrane potential. These results are consistent with a furosemide-sensitive, electrically neutral sodium chloride cotransport mechanism across the luminal cell membrane.  Glomerular permselectivity characteristics were studied in the Sprague-Dawley rat in vivo and in the isolated rat kidney perfused with an erythrocyte-free Krebs-Henseleit buffered 5% albumin solution (IPK). IPK permselectivity in vitro, assessed by fractional clearances of neutral dextran (FCND) and dextran sulfate (FCDS) with molecular radii 18-43 A, was essentially similar to that of the Sprague-Dawley rat in vivo. The negative charge barrier of the IPK glomerular filter was intact [e.g., FCND of 36 A = 0.10 +/- 0.01 (SE) vs. FCDS of 36 A = 0.01 +/- 0.00 (P less than 0.01)]. Dextrans of an intermediate size (26-34 A) had lower fractional clearances in the IPK than in vivo [e.g., FCND of 30 A in IPK = 0.23 +/- .04 vs. FCND of 30 A in vivo 0.40 +/- 0.01 (P less than 0.01)]. This decreased clearance of dextrans of an intermediate molecular size is predicted by pore theory, since the IPK has an increased afferent glomerular plasma flow rate. As glomerular permselectivity characteristics in the IPK simulate in vivo characteristics, such preparations are suitable in vitro models in which to study factors that modulate permselectivity. The demonstration that the glomerular filter in the IPK has a normal negative charge barrier indicates that the increased protein excretion in IPK systems cannot be attributed to abnormalities of this component of the filtration barrier. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major health problem and one of the public health threats with an increasing prevalence and burden. However, early diagnosis of this disease is challenging in Iran due to insufficient information.In the present study, we aimed to determine the prevalence of CKD and its predisposing factors in Yazd city, Iran. Patients and Methods: We conducted this cross-sectional study using the recruitment phase data of Yazd Health Study (YaHS) collected during 2013-2014. Data of 3649 individuals, age 20-69 years were analyzed. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was calculated using the modification of diet in renal disease (MDRD) formula and values less than 60 mL/min/1.73 m were defined as CKD. Logistic regression was employed to determine the risk factors of CKD.The mean age of participants was 46.0 ± 13.8 years and the overall prevalence of CKD was 6.6 percent (7.6% for women and 5.4% for men). The disease prevalence was 21.5% in the age group of 60-69 years. The prevalence of CKD had a significant relationship with older age, obesity, female gender, diabetes, high blood pressure and history of heart disease.CKD has a high prevalence in the population of this region of Iran. The most important modifiable risk factors for CKD included diabetes and high blood pressure. Therefore, the health system should strive for early detection of CKD in order to prevent morbidity and mortality of this disease.  Single nephron glomerular filtration rate (SNGFR), fluid absorption, and tubule transport of sodium, chloride, calcium, magnesium, potassium, and phosphate were evaluated under control (2.5% mannitol infusion) conditions by micropuncture of superficial, reptilian-type nephrons of European starlings (Sturnus vulgaris). SNGFR averaged 0.36 nl . min-1 . Sodium, chloride, and water were transported at equivalent rates with about 24% of the filtered load absorbed up to the point of micropuncture. Calcium was absorbed continuously along these tubules in excess of sodium and fluid, whereas magnesium appeared to undergo net secretion early and net absorption late in the tubules. Potassium transport varied considerably, with all tubules from a single bird generally showing either net potassium absorption or no net transport. In the latter group, data for a few tubules suggested net potassium secretion. For phosphate, individual tubules from a single bird were capable of either net absorption or net secretion. Mean fractional delivery of phosphate for all tubules was 1.62, but secretion rates apparently can exceed filtration rates for phosphate by as much as 6 times.  We measured titratable acid (TA) and NH4 excretion by isolated rat kidneys perfused either with conventional bicarbonate-containing solutions or with solutions in which bicarbonate was replaced by propionate. Rates of TA excretion by bicarbonate-perfused kidneys were similar to in vivo values, 0.27 +/- 0.04 mueq.ml GF-1 (0.21 mueq.min-1.g-1), and increased significantly under bicarbonate-free conditions to 0.70 +/- 0.12 mueq.ml GF-1 (0.42 mueq.min-1.g-1). At the same time the perfusate/urine pH difference (delta pH) increased significantly, from 0.63 +/- 0.06 to 0.92 +/- 0.06. Carbonic anhydrase inhibition by 5 X 10(-4) M acetazolamide alkalinized the urine of bicarbonate-perfused kidneys, while in the bicarbonate-free preparation the urine remained acid (delta pH = 0.27 +/- 0.04) and titratable acid continued to be excreted, though at a reduced rate, 0.19 +/- 0.04 mueq.ml GF-1. Under these same bicarbonate-free carbonic anhydrase-inhibited conditions, lowering the perfusate pH from 7.4 to 7.1 increased delta pH to 0.36 +/- 0.02 and caused total acid excretion (TA + NH4) to rise from 0.29 +/- 0.04 to 0.45 +/- 0.06 mueq.ml GF-1, and increasing the perfusate [HPO4] from 2.4 to 9.6 mM increased TA to 0.80 +/- 0.09 mueq.ml GF-1.  Pages F503-F514: Marc R. Hammerman. “The growth hormone-insulin-like growth factor axis in kidney.” Page F508: We regret that the colors in some of the reproductions of Fig. 6 are not faithful to the original.  Oxalate transport was examined in isolated perfused segments of the proximal tubule of the rabbit. When oxalate was present in a concentration of 10(-5) M in the bathing and perfusing solutions, there was a net secretory flux of oxalate of 36.4 +/- 1.4, 34.7 +/- 4.3, and 20.7 +/- 2.8 x 10(-15) mol . min-1 . mm-1 in the superficial S1, S2, and S3 segments, respectively, at a bath temperature of 37 degrees C. The net secretory flux of oxalate in the juxtamedullary S1 and S2 segments was 12.8 +/- 2.5 and 12.5 +/- 3.6 x 10(-15) mol . min-1 . mm-1, respectively. Cooling to 25 degrees C resulted in a significant decrease in the net flux of oxalate. When oxalate was present in the bathing solution only (10(-5) M), the bath-to-lumen flux of oxalate was not different from the net flux in the superficial and juxtamedullary S2 segments. These studies demonstrate that oxalate undergoes net secretion in the rabbit proximal tubule. This occurs against an electrical gradient, in the absence of concentration gradients, and can be inhibited by cooling, suggesting an active transport process. There is significant internephronal heterogeneity in the proximal tubule for oxalate secretion.  Silicone rubber injections of methyl salicylate-cleared rat kidneys were performed. In 50 of 56 injections of superficial nephrons with their accompanying blood supply, the efferent vessel and early proximal tubule were closely approximated. In 18 of 21 tubular injections filling through the pars recta, the proximal tubule folded upon itself with early and late proximal segments, in close contact, located over their parent glomerulus, and the midproximal segments separate and located over their parent interlobular artery. The distribution of blood was serially through the early-late proximal region above the glomerulus via a long unbranched efferent vessel, via branches over the capsular surface, via capillaries down through the midproximal region, then into the interlobular vein. The observed anatomical pattern of the superficial nephron appears to permit direct functional interactions between the juxtaposed early and late proximal tubule, and in turn may effect midproximal function via the distribution of blood (modified by early proximal) from the efferent vessel to midproximal convolutions. In addition, the relationship between specific segments of the proximal tubule and specific portions of the postglomerular peritubular blood supply may be important in determining the distribution of peritubular physical forces to these nephrons. Progressive organ damage due to tissue scarring and fibrosis is a paradigm shared by numerous human diseases including chronic kidney disease. The purpose of this study was to confirm the hypothesis that collecting duct (CD) epithelial cells can undergo mesenchymal transition (EMT) in vitro. The mechanism by which CDs undergo EMT is complex and involves both early and late cellular events. Early events include rapid insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-induced Akt and GSK-3β phosphorylation, associated with early disruption of E-cadherin-β-catenin membrane colocalization, with translocation of E-cadherin to endosomes, with translocation of β-catenin to the nucleus, and with an increase in Snail expression. Transforming growth factor-β1, on the other hand, induced early activation of Smad3 and its translocation to the nucleus, Erk1/2 phosphorylation, and early disruption of membrane E-cadherin localization. The late consequences of these events included a phenotypic transformation of the cells to a mesenchymal morphology with associated increase in vimentin and α-smooth muscle actin protein expression and a decrease in total cellular E-cadherin expression, detectable as early as 24 h after stimulation.Increased sympathetic nervous system activity has been demonstrated in established one-kidney one clip hypertension in the rat. To determine the importance of the renal nerves in this model of hypertension, renal denervation or sham operation was carried out 2 weeks after clipping. Systolic blood pressure (BP) after clipping the renal artery in 27 uninephrectomized male Charles River rats increased significantly from 125 +/- 3 mm Hg to a stable level of 185 +/-7 mm Hg by 2 weeks, in association with a positive sodium balance. Renal denervation in 13 animals resulted in a significant decrease in BP to 137 +/- 7 mm Hg, while no change in BP was seen after sham operation in 14 animals. There was no difference in mean daily water intake, mean daily sodium intake, mean daily urine volume, or mean fractional urinary sodium excretion between sham-operation and renal-denervated animals during the 2 weeks after operation. Plasma renin activity (PRA) and creatinine clearance were not significantly different at sacrifice 2 weeks after operation. Six of the renal-denervated rats were followed for 11 weeks after surgery. The BP rose again to hypertensive levels (187 +/- 8 mm Hg) by 5 weeks after renal denervation. Repeat renal denervation resulted in a significant decrease to 142 +/- 8 mm Hg. Renal denervation in eight rats with established one-kidney Grollman hypertension (185 +/- 8 mm Hg) also resulted ina significant decrease in systolic BP (143 +/- 8 mm Hg). The data demonstrate the importance of intact renal nerves in the maintenance of hypertension in the one-kidney renal hypertensive rat. The depressor effect of renal denervation is not mediated by alterations in sodium intake or excretion, water intake or excretion, creatinine clearance or PRA.Patients with end-stage kidney disease require complex and expensive medical management. Kidney transplantation remains the treatment of choice for end-stage kidney disease and is considered superior to all other modalities of renal replacement therapy or dialysis. However, access to kidney transplant is limited by critical supply and demand, making it extremely important to ensure longevity of transplanted kidneys. This is prevented through lifelong immunosuppression, with caution not to overly suppress the immune system, resulting in toxicity and harm. Transition of care to community nephrologists after initial kidney transplantation and monitoring at a transplant center is an important process to ensure delivery of effective and patient-centric care closer to home. Once transplanted, laborious surveillance of the immune system and monitoring for potential rejection and injury are undertaken through an armamentarium of screening modalities. Posttransplant surveillance for kidney function and injury remains key to follow-up care. While kidney function, quantified by estimated glomerular filtration rate and serum creatinine, and kidney injury, measured by proteinuria and hematuria, are standard biomarkers used to monitor injury and rejection posttransplant, they have recently been demonstrated to be inferior in performance to that of AlloSure (CareDx Inc, Brisbane, CA) circulating donor-derived, cell-free DNA (dd-cfDNA).The outcomes and methods of monitoring renal transplant recipients posttransplant have remained stagnant over the past 15 years. The aim of this study is to consider intensive surveillance using AlloSure dd-cfDNA in an actively managed protocol, assessing whether it increases long-term allograft survival in kidney transplant recipients compared with current standard clinical care in community nephrology.The study protocol will acquire data from a phase IV observational trial to assess a cohort of renal transplant patients managed using AlloSure dd-cfDNA and patient care managers versus 1000 propensity-matched historic controls using United Network for Organ Sharing U.S. Scientific Registry of Transplant Recipients data. Data will be managed in a centralized electronic data server. The primary outcome will be superior allograft survival, as a composite of return to dialysis, retransplant, death due to allograft failure, and death with a functional graft (infection, malignancy, and cardiovascular death). The secondary endpoints will assess improved kidney function through decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate and immune activity through development of donor-specific antibodies.The total sample is anticipated to be 3500 (2500 patients managed with AlloSure dd-cfDNA and 1000 propensity-matched controls). Active enrollment began in November 2020.Based on a significant literature base, we believe implementing the surveillance of dd-cfDNA in the kidney transplant population will have a positive impact on graft survival. Through early identification of rejection and facilitating timely intervention, prolongation of allograft survival versus those not managed by dd-cfDNA surveillance protocol should be superior.INTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORTObjective: To determine the hypomagnesaemia frequency in pre-renal acute kidney injury (AKI) patients with non-recovery of renal functions.
Study Design: Cross-sectional study.
Place and Duration of Study: Al-Noor Specialist Hospital Holy Makah, Saudi Arabia, from Jul 2014 to Jan 2015.
Methodology: A total of 150 acute kidney injury patients qualifying the inclusion/exclusion criteria were enrolled in this study. Serum magnesium (Mg) levels were measured for all the patients. Serum magnesium level 0.70 mmol/L (1.7 mg/dL) was labeled as hypomagnesaemia.
Results: The mean age of the patients was 51.64 ± 13.61 years, with 31% males and 69% females. Hypertension was present in 58 (38.7%) patients, 38 (25.3%) patients were obese, and hypomagnesaemia was present in 25% patients. A statistically insignificant difference was found between age of patients (p=0.086) and gender (p=0.970).
Conclusion: Our study showed that in patients with acute kidney injury with non-recovery of renal functions, the rate of hypomagnesaemia is quite high. Therefore patients with non-recovery should be screened for magnesium levels in future acute kidney injury.Introduction: Post-transplant diabetes mellitus (PTDM) is a severe and common metabolic problem after transplantation. Glucocorticoid receptor (GR) is encoded by the NR3C1 gene and it seems that polymorphisms in this gene lead to altering insulin sensitivity. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate the frequency of four common polymorphisms in the NR3C1 gene of renal recipients with and without PTDM. Patients and Methods: Blood samples were collected from 32 PTDM and 59 non-diabetic renal-transplanted patients. After DNA extraction, DNA fragments were amplified and directly sequenced using specific primers. Data analysis was performed with SPSS 22.0 software. Results: There was no significant correlation between diabetes incidence and the four investigated polymorphisms of the GR gene. Nevertheless, diabetic patients’ age was higher than non-diabetic patients. Additionally, transplant acute rejection (AR) in diabetic patients was found to be more than non-diabetic patients. Conclusion: Based on gathered information in this research, none of the studied polymorphisms affected the development of PTDM. Further investigations should be conducted in a large sample size. Tp53-induced glycolysis and apoptosis regulator (TIGAR) activation blocks glycolytic ATP synthesis by inhibiting phosphofructokinase-1 activity. Our data indicate that TIGAR is selectively induced and activated in renal outermedullary proximal straight tubules (PSTs) after ischemia-reperfusion injury in a p53-dependent manner. Under severe ischemic conditions, TIGAR expression persisted through 48 h postinjury and induced loss of renal function and histological damage. Furthermore, TIGAR upregulation inhibited phosphofructokinase-1 activity, glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity, and induced ATP depletion, oxidative stress, autophagy, and apoptosis. Small interfering RNA-mediated TIGAR inhibition prevented the aforementioned malevolent effects and protected the kidneys from functional and histological damage. After mild ischemia, but not severe ischemia, G6PD activity and NADPH levels were restored, suggesting that TIGAR activation may redirect the glycolytic pathway into gluconeogenesis or the pentose phosphate pathway to produce NADPH. The increased level of NADPH maintained the level of GSH to scavenge ROS, resulting in a lower sensitivity of PST cells to injury. Under severe ischemia, G6PD activity and NADPH levels were reduced during reperfusion; however, blockade of TIGAR enhanced their levels and reduced oxidative stress and apoptosis. Collectively, these results demonstrate that inhibition of TIGAR may protect PST cells from energy depletion and apoptotic cell death in the setting of severe ischemia-reperfusion injury. However, under low ischemic burden, TIGAR activation induces the pentose phosphate pathway and autophagy as a protective mechanism. In adult mammalian kidney, cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression is found in a restricted subpopulation of cells. The two sites of renal COX-2 localization detected in all species to date are the macula densa (MD) and associated cortical thick ascending limb (cTALH) and medullary interstitial cells (MICs). Physiological regulation of COX-2 in these cellular compartments suggests functional roles for eicosanoid products of the enzyme. COX-2 expression increases in high-renin states (salt restriction, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition, renovascular hypertension), and selective COX-2 inhibitors significantly decrease plasma renin levels, renal renin activity, and mRNA expression. There is evidence for negative regulation of MD/cTALH COX-2 by angiotensin II and by glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids. Conversely, nitric oxide generated by neuronal nitric oxide synthase is a positive modulator of COX-2 expression. Decreased extracellular chloride increases COX-2 expression in cultured cTALH, an effect mediated by increased p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase activity, and, in vivo, a sodium-deficient diet increases expression of activated p38 in MD/cTALH. In contrast to COX-2 in MD/cTALH, COX-2 expression increases in MICs in response to a high-salt diet as well as water deprivation. Studies in cultured MICs have confirmed that expression is increased in response to hypertonicity and is mediated, at least in part, by nuclear factor-κB activation. COX-2 inhibition leads to apoptosis of MICs in response to hypertonicity in vitro and after water deprivation in vivo. In addition, COX-2 metabolites appear to be important mediators of medullary blood flow and renal salt handling. Therefore, there is increasing evidence that COX-2 is an important physiological mediator of kidney function.The extracellular calcium-sensing receptor (CaSR) plays a major role in the maintenance of a physiological serum ionized calcium (Ca) concentration by regulating the circulating levels of parathyroid hormone. It was molecularly identified in 1993 by Brown et al. in the laboratory of Dr. Steven Hebert with an expression cloning strategy. Subsequent studies have demonstrated that the CaSR is highly expressed in the kidney, where it is capable of integrating signals deriving from the tubular fluid and/or the interstitial plasma. Additional studies elucidating inherited and acquired mutations in the CaSR gene, the existence of activating and inactivating autoantibodies, and genetic polymorphisms of the CaSR have greatly enhanced our understanding of the role of the CaSR in mineral ion metabolism. Allosteric modulators of the CaSR are the first drugs in their class to become available for clinical use and have been shown to treat successfully hyperparathyroidism secondary to advanced renal failure. In addition, preclinical and clinical studies suggest the possibility of using such compounds in various forms of hypercalcemic hyperparathyroidism, such as primary and lithium-induced hyperparathyroidism and that occurring after renal transplantation. This review addresses the role of the CaSR in kidney physiology and pathophysiology as well as current and in-the-pipeline treatments utilizing CaSR-based therapeutics. Physiological and molecular data demonstrate that urea transport in kidney and erythrocytes is regulated by specific urea transporter proteins. The urea transporter in the terminal inner medullary collecting duct permits very high rates of regulated transepithelial urea transport and results in the delivery of large amounts of urea into the deepest portions of the inner medulla, where it is needed to maintain a high interstitial osmolality for concentrating the urine maximally. The urea transporter in erythrocytes permits these cells to lose urea rapidly as they ascend through the ascending vasa recta, thereby preventing loss of urea from the medulla. Urea lost from the medulla would decrease concentrating ability by decreasing the efficiency of countercurrent exchange, as occurs in individuals who lack the Kidd antigen. The recent cloning of cDNAs for these two urea transporters has begun to yield new insights into the mechanisms underlying acute and long-term regulation of urea transport and should permit exciting new insights in the future. This review focuses on the physiological and biophysical evidence that established the concept of urea transporters, the subsequent cloning of cDNAs for urea transporters, and the recent integrative studies into the regulation of urea transport. We also propose a new systematic nomenclature and a new structural model for urea transporters. Insulin resistance (IR) is an early metabolic alteration in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients, being apparent when the glomerular filtration rate is still within the normal range and becoming almost universal in those who reach the end stage of kidney failure. The skeletal muscle represents the primary site of IR in CKD, and alterations at sites beyond the insulin receptor are recognized as the main defect underlying IR in this condition. Estimates of IR based on fasting insulin concentration are easier and faster but may not be adequate in patients with CKD because renal insufficiency reduces insulin catabolism. The hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp is the gold standard for the assessment of insulin sensitivity because this technique allows a direct measure of skeletal muscle sensitivity to insulin. The etiology of IR in CKD is multifactorial in nature and may be secondary to disturbances that are prominent in renal diseases, including physical inactivity, chronic inflammation, oxidative stress, vitamin D deficiency, metabolic acidosis, anemia, adipokine derangement, and altered gut microbiome. IR contributes to the progression of renal disease by worsening renal hemodynamics by various mechanisms, including activation of the sympathetic nervous system, sodium retention, and downregulation of the natriuretic peptide system. IR has been solidly associated with intermediate mechanisms leading to cardiovascular (CV) disease in CKD including left ventricular hypertrophy, vascular dysfunction, and atherosclerosis. However, it remains unclear whether IR is an independent predictor of mortality and CV complications in CKD. Because IR is a modifiable risk factor and its reduction may lower CV morbidity and mortality, unveiling the molecular mechanisms responsible for the pathogenesis of CKD-related insulin resistance is of importance for the identification of novel therapeutic targets aimed at reducing the high CV risk of this condition. Extracellular vesicles have been isolated in various body fluids, including urine. The cargo of urinary extracellular vesicles (uEVs) is composed of proteins and nucleic acids reflecting the physiological and possibly pathophysiological state of cells lining the nephron. Because urine is a noninvasive and readily available biofluid, the discovery of uEVs has opened a new field of biomarker research. Their potential use as diagnostic, prognostic, or therapeutic biomarkers for various kidney diseases, including glomerulonephritis, acute kidney injury, tubular disorders, and polycystic kidney disease, is currently being explored. Some challenges, however, remain. These challenges include the need to standardize isolation methods, normalization between samples, and validation of candidate biomarkers. Also, the development of a high-throughput platform to isolate and analyze uEVs, for example, an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, is desirable. Here, we review recent studies on uEVs dealing with kidney physiology and pathophysiology. Furthermore, we discuss new and exciting developments regarding vesicles, including their role in cell-to-cell communication and the possibility of using vesicles as a therapy for kidney disorders.  Michelle Lam and Adrian Coleman describe the case of a 49-year-old male patient with chronic kidney disease stage 2, who developed acute kidney injury secondary to an episode of euglycaemic diabetic ketoacidosis, following the initiation of a loop diuretic.  Rabbit kidney cortex slices behave an osmometers when withstanding hyperosmotic or hyposmotic shocks of amplitude up to pi 1/pi 2 = 1.25. For hyposmotic shocks of amplitude larger than or equal to pi 1/pi 2 = 1.50, the maximum swelling achieved is less than what can be expected on the basis of the van't Hoff relation, thereby indicating that a volume regulation process is taking place. Volume regulation in kidney slices can be dissociated into two distinct phases. The first one, of swelling limitation, is very rapid and keeps maximum cell volume at values lower than expected when the tissue is considered as an osmometer. This phase is followed by a slow volume readjustment process during which volume progressively decreases towards control values. The major intracellular osmotic effector loss during both swelling limitation and volume readjustment is Na+. The overall volume regulation process is insensitive to furosemide, vanadate, and bumetanide. Swelling limitation is blocked by addition of ouabain. Contrary to what has been believed previously, there is, however, no need to implicate control of the activity of a ouabain-sensitive, Na+/K+ pump in the Na-dependent volume regulation mechanism.  The endogenous tyrosine protein kinase activity (TPKA) associated with brush-border (BBM) and basolateral (BLM) membranes of rat kidney cortex was studied with an anti-phosphotyrosine monoclonal antibody (PY20). Distinct major phosphotyrosine-containing proteins were associated with BBM (50, 54, and 120 kDa) and BLM (37, 90, 130, and 170 kDa). For both plasma membranes, tyrosine phosphorylation leveled off after 10 min of incubation. Endogenous phosphotyrosine-specific protein phosphatases (PT-Pases) were active in both membranes, since the presence of sodium vanadate or ammonium molybdate, which are inhibitors of PTPases, was essential to detect endogenous phosphorylation. Substrates and/or tyrosine protein kinases (TPKs) seem to be differently distributed in these plasma membranes, since phosphorylation of endogenous substrates in BLM and BBM was differently sensitive to competitive inhibitors of TPKs. Moreover, insulin- and insulin-like growth factor I-stimulated tyrosine phosphorylation of a 90-kDa substrate was only observed in solubilized BLM proteins. However, similar p60v-src-related TPKs appear to be present in the BBM and BLM, since an antibody raised against p60v-src recognized proteins of 52, 58, and 75 kDa by immunoblotting and could immunoprecipitate the TPKs associated with both plasma membranes. These data provide evidence that the endogenous tyrosine protein phosphorylation observed in the BLM is catalyzed by nonreceptor TPKs as well as receptor TPKs, whereas that observed in the BBM is exclusively due to nonreceptor TPKs.  The proton-translocating ATPase that is responsible both for urinary and vacuolar acidification was partially purified from bovine kidney medulla microsomes. ATPase activity was purified to a maximum specific activity of 1.7 mumol.min-1.mg prot-1 and was inhibited completely by N-ethylmaleimide. The relative molecular weight (Mr) of the intact protein estimated by high-pressure size-exclusion liquid chromatography was 586,000. Nondenaturing gels of the isolated enzyme revealed two protein bands at MrS of 551,000 and 523,000. Sodium dodecyl sulfate-gel electrophoresis of the isolated H-ATPase revealed component subunits at MrS of 70,000, 56,000, 45,000, 42,000, 38,000, 31,000, 15,000, 14,000, and 12,000. The properties of the isolated H-ATPase and of microsomal ATP-dependent proton transport correlated closely. The isolated H-ATPase was reconstituted into phospholipid liposomes and demonstrated N-ethylmaleimide-inhibitable ATP-dependent potential generation, consistent with electrogenic proton transport. In overall structure, the enzyme appears to be a new type of H-ATPase with several features of the F0F1 class of ion-translocating ATPases but is immunologically and structurally different from the mitochondrial F1-ATPase. Introduction: In chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients, calcium and phosphate homeostasis disorders occur. Decreased kidney function will result in decreased phosphate excretion. In stage 3b CKD, the kidneys are no longer able to compensate for the phosphate load sufficiently and hyperphosphatemia is resulted. Objectives: This research aimed to figure out the proportions of hyperphosphatemic patients at different levels of glomerular filtration rate in CKD. Patients and Methods: An observational study with a cross-sectional approach involving 80 CKD subjects, distributed into stage 3 (n = 20), stage 4 (n = 20), stage 5 non-dialysis (n = 20) and stage 5 dialysis CKD subjects(n = 20), at Wahidin Sudirohusodo hospital and Unhas hospital, Makassar, from April through August 2021. Phosphate concentrations were measured using ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) kit (Immutopics). A result of the statistical test would be significant if P0.05. Results: The average phosphate concentrations at stage 3, stage 4, stage 5 non-dialysis and stage 5 dialysis were 4.14 ± 1.85 mg/dL, 4.17 ± 1.12 mg/dL, 6.43 ± 3.09 md/dL and 5.42 ± 3.09 mg/dL, respectively. Based on the avergae phosphate concentration by CKD stage, stage 3 was not significantly different from stage 4 (P = 0.969), however there was a significant difference between stage 3 and stage 5 non-dialysis (P = 0.004) and also between stage 4 and stage 5 non-dialysis (P = 0.005). The proportions of hyperphosphatemic patients (serum phosphate 4.5 mg/dL) with stage 3, stage 4, stage 5 non-dialysis and stage 5 dialysis CKD were 15% (n = 3), 20% (n = 4), 75% (n = 15) and 43.3% (n = 9), respectively. Conclusion: The porportion of hyperphosphatemic subjects increased with the decline in the kidney function. Dialysis process reduces phosphate levels and the proportion of patients with hyperphosphatemia. Hydrolysis of 5'-AMP by 5'-nucleotidase is a possible source of adenosine in the kidney. A renal membrane-bound ecto-5'-nucleotidase has been previously described. The present study deals with the catalytic properties of a 5'-AMP phosphohydrolase partially purified from high-speed supernatants of rat kidney homogenates. It exhibits phosphatase activity toward 5'-AMP, 5'-IMP, and 5'-GMP, but not toward 2'- and 3'-AMP and corresponds therefore to a 5'-nucleotidase. The hydrolysis of 5'-AMP by the soluble 5'-nucleotidase requires divalent cations. Maximal activity is reached with 10 microM of either Mn2+ or Co2+, whereas half-maximal activity is obtained with approximately 400 microM Mg2+. The soluble 5'-nucleotidase exhibits Michaelis-Menten kinetics with a Km of 9.5 microM for 5'-AMP. In the presence of 1 mM of free Mg2+, physiological concentrations of ATP provoke an increase of the Km for 5'-AMP and a decrease of Vmax. An increase of the pH of 0.4 units in the pH range 6.4-7.4 roughly doubles the rate of hydrolysis of 5'-AMP. The effects of ATP and of the pH are compatible with a role of the renal soluble 5'-nucleotidase in the hydrolysis of 5'-AMP and in the production of adenosine during hypoxia.  We have examined the effect of barium on K excretion and transport in the perfused frog kidney. The transepithelial secretory flux of K was calculated from the rate of excretion of 42K from the portal circulation. Barium was applied to the basolateral surfaces of the tubules via the portal circulation. Barium (0.1 mM) increased fractional K excretion from 55 to 178% by stimulating the K secretory flux; 0.5 mM Ba increased fractional K excretion from 39 to 386% primarily by increasing the secretory flux greater than 10-fold. Tissue content increased 10%. When Ba was applied to both the apical and basolateral surfaces by perfusion of the arterial circulation, K excretion and secretion also increased. This same result was obtained when K secretion was first stimulated by acetazolamide. In another series of experiments, tubular cells were loaded with 42K via a pulse injection into the portal circulation, and simultaneous washout of the isotope into the urine and the venous effluent was measured. Analysis of the washout curves revealed that basolateral (portal) application of Ba inhibited efflux of K from the cells into the circulation, reduced the influx from the circulation, and stimulated efflux into the urine. We suggest that blockade of K channels in the basolateral membrane indirectly depolarizes the apical membrane and thereby increases the electrochemical gradient favoring K movement from cells to tubular fluid. When Ba is applied simultaneously to both tubular surfaces, the effect on the basolateral surface apparently overrides any direct effect it may have on K movement across the apical surface. Using 133Ba, we measured a very small transepithelial perfusate-to-tubular fluid flux. However, fractional Ba reabsorption averaged 19% when 0.5 mM Ba was present in the arterial perfusate. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are a heterogeneous group of protein and lipids to which sugar residues are covalently bound. AGE formation is increased in situations with hyperglycemia (e.g., diabetes mellitus) and is also stimulated by oxidative stress, for example in uremia. It appears that activation of the renin-angiotensin system may contribute to AGE formation through various mechanisms. Although AGEs could nonspecifically bind to basement membranes and modify their properties, they also induce specific cellular responses including the release of profibrogenic and proinflammatory cytokines by interacting with the receptor for AGE (RAGE). However, additional receptors could bind AGEs, adding to the complexity of this system. The kidney is both: culprit and target of AGEs. A decrease in renal function increases circulating AGE concentrations by reduced clearance as well as increased formation. On the other hand, AGEs are involved in the structural changes of progressive nephropathies such as glomerulosclerosis, interstitial fibrosis, and tubular atrophy. These effects are most prominent in diabetic nephropathy, but they also contribute to renal pathophysiology in other nondiabetic renal diseases. Interference with AGE formation has therapeutic potential for preventing the progression of chronic renal diseases, as shown from data of animal experiments and, more recently, the first clinical trials.Cilia, membrane-enclosed organelles protruding from the apical side of cells, can be divided into two classes: motile and primary cilia. During the past decades, motile cilia have been intensively studied. However, it was not until the 1990s that people began to realize the importance of primary cilia as cellular-specific sensors, particularly in kidney tubular epithelial cells. Furthermore, accumulating evidence indicates that primary cilia may be involved in the regulation of cell proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis, and planar cell polarity. Many signaling pathways, such as Wnt, Notch, Hedgehog, and mammalian target of rapamycin, have been located to the primary cilia. Thus primary cilia have been regarded as a hub that integrates signals from the extracellular environment. More importantly, dysfunction of this organelle may contribute to the pathogenesis of a large spectrum of human genetic diseases, named ciliopathies. The significance of primary cilia in acquired human diseases such as hypertension and diabetes has gradually drawn attention. Interestingly, recent reports disclosed that cilia length varies during kidney injury, and shortening of cilia enhances the sensitivity of epithelial cells to injury cues. This review briefly summarizes the current status of cilia research and explores the potential mechanisms of cilia-length changes during kidney injury as well as provides some thoughts to allure more insightful ideas and promotes the further study of primary cilia in the context of kidney injury. In vitro microperfusion experiments were performed to investigate the mechanism of bicarbonate absorption in the cortical thick ascending limb of the rat. Tubules were perfused at 1.0-1.5 nl X min-1 X mm-1 and bicarbonate concentration was 25 mM in the perfusate and bath. Bicarbonate absorption rates were determined by microcalorimetry. Control tubules absorbed bicarbonate at a mean rate of 9.5 +/- 0.6 pmol X min-1 X mm-1. The limiting luminal bicarbonate concentration was approximately 5 mM for tubules perfused at slow rates with 25 mM bicarbonate in the bath. Acetazolamide (10(-4)M) in the bath reduced bicarbonate absorption by 76% without significant effect on transepithelial voltage. Removing sodium from the perfusate and bath or removing potassium from the bath reduced bicarbonate absorption and transepithelial voltage to near zero. Adding amiloride (5 X 10(-4) or 10(-3) M) to the perfusate reduced bicarbonate absorption by 60-75% without detectable effect on transepithelial voltage. Adding furosemide (10(-4)M) to the perfusate increased bicarbonate absorption significantly by 40-50% while decreasing transepithelial voltage from 17 to 1.8 mV. Thus, bicarbonate absorption by cortical thick ascending limbs requires carbonic anhydrase activity and sodium transport but is not dependent on transepithelial voltage. When considered together, the results are consistent with mediation of the bicarbonate absorption by apical membrane sodium-hydrogen exchange.  The renal handling of [3H]cyanocobalamin has been investigated in dogs in vivo using the pulse injection multiple-indicator dilution technique. Simultaneous renal vein and urine outflow curves were obtained for [3H]cyanocobalamin relative to T-1824-albumin (plasma reference) and creatinine (extracellular reference). The renal vein recovery of [3H]cyanocobalamin relative to creatinine was significantly less than unity and increased with increasing intraarterial dose. This indicates a saturable postglomerular uptake mechanism. The urine recovery of [3H]cyanocobalamin relative to simultaneously filtered creatinine is also less than unity and increases with increasing intra-arterial doses. This indicates a saturable interaction at the luminal surface of the nephron. Saturation interaction at the luminal surface of the nephron. Saturation of postglomerular and luminal interactions can also be achieved by systemic preloading with unlabeled vitamin B12. After saturation the renal vein and urine recoveries for [3H]cyanocobalamin and creatinine become equal. However, significant differences can be observed between their renal vein mean transit times, depending on experimental conditions. During hydropenia [3H]cyanocobalamin behaves as a true extracellular marker and emerges in renal vein and urine outflows, superimposing on creatinine. During mannitol diuresis vitamin B12 still behaves as a glomerular marker, but its renal vein mean transit time is now significantly less than that of creatinine and its calculated postglomerular volume of distribution is reduced by approximately 15% of the available interstitial space.  In the perfused Necturus kidney, the ratio of transepithelial sodium-to-chloride permeabilities (PNa/PCl) was estimated from dilution potentials at 1:7. The ratio of transepithelial permeabilities PHCO3/cl was estimated from bi-ionic potentials at 1:4 and that of Plact/PCl at 1:12. The permeability sequence, therefore, is PCl greater than PHCO3 greater than than PNa or PnaCl greater than PNaHCO3. The latter is similar to the situation in the rat. However, because of the low Na permeability, passive NaCl absorption by solvent drag is probably less important in Necturus than in the rat. The measurement of transepithelial input conductance during replacement of extracellular chloride by either bicarbonate or lactate shows that the former reduces the transmural conductance to 31% of control values as compared with 40% for the latter. Such discrepancies between permeability and conductance sequences are consistent either with an interference of the test anion with chloride permeation or with the presence of positive fixed changes within the shunt pathway.  Close-arterial infusion of test substances allows one to study the responses of a selected vascular bed without inducing confounding systemic effects. Unfortunately, laminar flow patterns within the artery cause streaming of the injected factor, so that distribution within the target organ is not homogeneous. We describe a reliable method of overcoming these problems. Specifically, we attach a vibrator (i-Vibe egg) to the syringe containing the test substance. We showed that, without vibration, infusion of a solution of Evans blue (0.5% wt/vol) results in uneven distribution of the dye in the kidney. Vibration of the syringe during infusion allows for uniform coloration of the kidney surface. There is also functional improvement of drug distribution during vibration. Renal blood flow was measured during intrarenal infusion of phenylephrine (150 μl, 0.05–0.5 μg). Vibration caused a significant leftward shift in the dose-response curve, i.e., the phenylephrine-induced reduction in renal blood flow was enhanced by vibration. This cheap, simple method for ensuring adequate mixing of intra-arterially infused substances will facilitate not only the study of renal function in the rat but also infusion of test and therapeutic substances into other organs. The balance between vasodilator and vasoconstrictor pathways is key to the maintenance of homeostasis and the outcome of disease. In the kidney, prostaglandins (PGs) uphold this balance and regulate renal function: hemodynamics, renin secretion, growth responses, tubular transport processes, and cell fate. With the advent of cyclooxygenase (COX)-2-selective inhibitors, targeted deletions in mice (COX knockouts, PG receptor knockouts), and the discovery of intracrine signaling options for PGs (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors and perinuclear PGEreceptors: EP), many advances have been made in the study of arachidonic acid metabolites. Although prostacyclin (PGI) is a major product of the COX pathway, there is very little emphasis on its importance to the kidney. This review will discuss PGIbiology and its relevance to different aspects of renal disease (growth, fibrosis, apoptosis), highlighting the most significant research from the past decade of PGIliterature, what we have learned from other organ systems, while stressing the significance of cross talk between various PGIsignaling pathways and its implications for renal health and disease.Introduction: In the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) era, kidney transplantation recipients (KTRs) are at high risk due to using immunosuppressive drugs. Considering the lack of definitive cure for COVID-19, repurposing existing pharmaceuticals is a way to find an immediate medication. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate the COVID-19 outcomes in KTRs, receiving combination of sofosbuvir and daclatasvir (SOF-DAC) treatment. Patients and Methods: This research was an observational study of 12 adult kidney transplant recipients with COVID-19, admitted to Shariati hospital, Tehran, Iran (October to December 2020). All the patients received a once-daily combination pill of SOF-DAC at a dose of 400/60 mg for 10 days. Results: Around October to December 2020, 12 adult KTR patients were recruited; four patients (33.3%) died and eight patients survived (66.7%). Acute kidney injury (AKI) secondary to COVID-19 was seen in 11 patients of the study population (91.7%), including four dead cases. Two of the three patients who underwent dialysis due to kidney complications, died. The laboratory results showed that the mean level of each parameter white blood cells (WBC), international normalized ratio (INR), C-reactive protein (CRP), ferritin, D-dimer on the last day of hospital stay was significantly different between two groups of survived and dead patients at a 95% confidence level (P0.05). Conclusion: Sofosbuvir combined with DAC for treatment of KTRs with COVID-19 infection reduced the mortality rate. Further, this medication was safe. Patients tolerated it well, and no serious adverse effects were observed. Larger studies are needed to validate these results. Allopurinol is a commonly prescribed medicine for the management and prevention of gout. In this drug focus, Mee Onn Chai and Adrian Coleman discuss the use of allopurinol in a patient with chronic kidney disease and provide an overview of the drug's mechanism of action and interactions.  We have used the patch-clamp technique to study the apical K+ channels in the thick ascending limb (TAL) of the rat kidney. Two types of K+ channels, a low-conductance and an intermediate-conductance K+ channel, were identified in both cell-attached and inside-out patches. We confirmed the previously reported intermediate-conductance K+ channel (72 pS), which is inhibited by millimolar cell ATP, acidic pH, Ba2+, and quinidine (4). We now report a second K+ channel in apical membrane of the TAL. The slope conductance of this low-conductance K+ channel is 30 pS, and its open probability is 0.80 in cell-attached patches. This channel is not voltage dependent, and application of 2 mM ATP in the bath inhibits channel activity in inside-out patches. In addition, 250 microM glyburide, an ATP-sensitive K+ channel inhibitor, blocks channel activity, whereas the same concentration of glyburide has no inhibitory effect on the 72-pS K+ channel. Channel activity of the 30-pS K+ channel decreases rapidly upon excision of patches (channel run down). Application of 0.1 mM ATP and the catalytic subunit of adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (cAMP)-dependent protein kinase A (PKA) restores channel activity. Furthermore, addition of 0.1 mM 8-(4-chlorophenylthio)-cAMP or 50-100 pM vasopressin in the cell-attached patches increases channel activity. In conclusion, two types of K+ channels are present in the apical membrane of TAL of rat kidney, and PKA plays an important role in modulation of the low-conductance K+ channel activity. Renal microvascular (MV) damage and loss contribute to the progression of renal injury in renal artery stenosis (RAS). Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is a powerful angiogenic and antifibrotic cytokine that we showed to be decreased in the stenotic kidney. We hypothesized that renal HGF therapy will improve renal function mainly by protecting the renal microcirculation. Unilateral RAS was induced in 15 pigs. Six weeks later, single-kidney RBF and GFR were quantified in vivo using multidetector computed tomography (CT). Then, intrarenal rh-HGF or vehicle was randomly administered into the stenotic kidney (RAS, n = 8; RAS+HGF, n = 7). Pigs were observed for 4 additional weeks before CT studies were repeated. Renal MV density was quantified by 3D micro-CT ex vivo and histology, and expression of angiogenic and inflammatory factors, apoptosis, and fibrosis was determined. HGF therapy improved RBF and GFR compared with vehicle-treated pigs. This was accompanied by improved renal expression of angiogenic cytokines (VEGF, p-Akt) and tissue-healing promoters (SDF-1, CXCR4, MMP-9), reduced MV remodeling, apoptosis, and fibrosis, and attenuated renal inflammation. However, HGF therapy did not improve renal MV density, which was similarly reduced in RAS and RAS+HGF compared with controls. Using a clinically relevant animal model of RAS, we showed novel therapeutic effects of a targeted renal intervention. Our results show distinct actions on the existing renal microcirculation and promising renoprotective effects of HGF therapy in RAS. Furthermore, these effects imply plasticity of the stenotic kidney to recuperate its function and underscore the importance of MV integrity in the progression of renal injury in RAS.Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common and often devastating condition among hospitalized patients and is associated with markedly increased hospital length of stay, mortality, and cost. The pathogenesis of AKI is complex, but animal models support an important role for catalytic iron in causing AKI. Catalytic iron, also known as labile iron, is a transitional pool of non-transferrin-bound iron that is readily available to participate in redox cycling. Initial findings related to catalytic iron and animal models of kidney injury have only recently been extended to human AKI. In this review, we discuss the role of catalytic iron in human AKI, focusing on recent translational studies in humans, assay considerations, and potential therapeutic targets for future interventional studies. Renal epithelia cultured from opossum kidney (OK) cell line were exposed to high- and low-Ca media (HCaM and LCaM, respectively). Changing the extracellular Ca concentration from 2.0 mM to 0.02 mM stimulated sodium-dependent Pi transport (NaPiT) of OK epithelia. The effect was detectable after 1 h of LCaM exposure and reached a maximal value at 4 h (HCaM, 1.49 +/- 0.02; LCaM, 2.71 +/- 0.02 nmol.mg prot-1.4 min-1, P less than 0.001), this difference remaining constant up to 16 h. The Na-dependent transports of both alanine and methyl-alpha-D-glucopyranoside, a glucose analogue, were not affected by LCaM. Kinetic analysis of NaPiT revealed an increase in Vmax with no change in the apparent Km. The cellular adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate production was not affected by LCaM. In OK epithelia pretreated with either cycloheximide or actinomycin D the LCaM stimulatory effect was completely abolished. In the presence of 10(-9) to 10(-7) M bovine parathyroid hormone (1-34), the effect of LCaM on NaPiT was markedly blunted. In conclusion, this study in cultured kidney epithelia demonstrates that the renal NaPiT can be directly and selectively stimulated by lowering the extracellular Ca concentration. This effect required the de novo synthesis of proteins. The results also indicate that parathyroid hormone antagonizes the stimulatory effect of extracellular Ca on the renal transport of Pi. Although there is no definitive evidence that coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) affects the kidneys adversely, amongst those who develop severe COVID-19 infection and require hospitalization, acute kidney injury (AKI) was reported. Here, we report the clinical outcome associated with AKI in a 32-year-old man with confirmed COVID-19 infection with no prior history of renal malfunction. The AKI was identified during intensive care unit (ICU) course with the median creatinine and blood urea nitrogen values of 3.1 mg/dL (normal value: 0.6-1.2 mg/dL) and 145 mg/dL (normal value:15-45 mg/dL), respectively. Renal function of patients hospitalized with COVID-19 infection needs to be monitored regularly to intervene as early as possible and to prevent the development of AKI and further kidney complications.The mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) is a serine/threonine kinase that plays a fundamental role in regulating cellular homeostasis and metabolism. In a two-part review, we examine the complex molecular events involved in the regulation and downstream effects of mTOR, as well as the pivotal role played by this kinase in many renal diseases, particularly acute kidney injury, diabetic nephropathy, and polycystic kidney diseases. Here, in the first part of the review, we provide an overview of the complex signaling events and pathways governing mTOR activity and action. mTOR is a key component of two multiprotein complexes, known as mTOR complex 1 (mTORC1) and 2 (mTORC2). Some proteins are found in both mTORC1 and mTORC2, while others are unique to one or the other complex. Activation of mTORC1 promotes cell growth (increased cellular mass or size) and cell proliferation (increased cell number). mTORC1 acts as a metabolic “sensor,” ensuring that conditions are optimal for both cell growth and proliferation. Its activity is tightly regulated by the availability of amino acids, growth factors, energy stores, and oxygen. The effects of mTORC2 activation are distinct from those of mTORC1. Cellular processes modulated by mTORC2 include cell survival, cell polarity, cytoskeletal organization, and activity of the aldosterone-sensitive sodium channel. Upstream events controlling mTORC2 activity are less well understood than those controlling mTORC1, although growth factors appear to stimulate both complexes. Rapamycin and its analogs inhibit the activity of mTORC1 only, and not that of mTORC2, while the newer “catalytic” mTOR inhibitors affect both complexes.Potential nephrotoxic agents are not well recognized and are being used irrespective of patients’ vulnerability.We aimed to evaluate the relationship between the prevalence of exposure to normal saline and the risk of hospital acquired acute kidney injury (HA-AKI). Patients and Methods: A retrospective case-control study of a total of 424 hospitalized patients was done. The frequency of exposure to the individual intravenous fluids and their risk of HA-AKI were calculated as odds ratios with 95% confidence interval (CI).Of 424 total sampled hospitalized patients, post-admission normal saline exposure was found in 37.6% in which 22.6% had the development of HA-AKI and 15% did not develop AKI. The risk of HA-AKI was significantly higher in patients who received normal saline and lower in patients who received 5% dextrose water (ORs; 1.92, 95% CI; 1.28, 2.85; =0.001 and ORs; 0.48, 95% CI; 0.24, 0.95, =0.02, respectively).Exposure to normal saline was considerably high among hospitalized patients and was associated with a higher risk of AKI. Post-admission administration of high sodium and chloride containing intravenous fluid should be limited in patients who are vulnerable to develop AKI. Probenecid was accumulated by renal tissue both under aerobic and anaerobic conditions. The aerobic uptake at a low medium concentration of probenecid was enhanced three- or fourfold by acetate, while metabolic inhibitors and organic anions like p-aminohippurate (PAH), phenol red, and other substituted phenolsulphonphthalein (PSP) dyes which undergo secretion had an inhibitory effect. Octanoate and succinate stimulated aerobic probenecid uptake at low medium concentrations, but inhibited transport of the drug at high levels. Studies on renal homogenates showed that the anaerobic uptake of probenecid is due to binding to tissue constituents. Binding characteristics of PSP dyes to phospholipid vesicles and a representative binding protein, human serum albumin, exhibited close similarity to that of binding to renal tissue. Hydrophobic compounds like octanoate and PSP dyes partially inhibited probenecid binding. In contrast, transport of probenecid was almost completely abolished by these substances and PAH at high medium concentrations. On the basis of the results presented in this paper, it is concluded that renal transport of probenecid occurs by the common organic anion transport system.  The present study was designed to identify functional differences between dark (early to mid) and white (late) proximal tubule segments in Amphiuma kidney. The potential difference across the peritubular cell membrane (Vb), the luminal cell membrane (Va), and the epithelium (Vte) are not significantly different between dark and white segments. Cellular and luminal cable analysis reveals that the resistance of the cell membranes in parallel is lower in dark (28.6 +/- 3.2 k omega X cm) than in white segments (63.2 +/- 5.0 k omega X cm) in contrast to the transepithelial resistance, which is higher in dark (26.6 +/- 5.5 k omega X cm) than in white (3.5 +/- 0.7 k omega X cm) segments. A step-increase of peritubular potassium (from 2.5 +/- 12.5 mmol/liter) depolarizes Vb more in white (20.1 +/- 1.2 mV) than in dark (7.2 +/- 0.4 mV) segments, whereas addition of bicarbonate to peritubular perfusate hyperpolarizes Vb more in dark (-22.4 +/- 1.6 mV) than in white (-5.9 +/- 0.7 mV) segments. An increase of luminal potassium depolarizes Va more in dark (21.3 +/- 2.0 mV) than in white (9.3 +/- 1.9 mV) segments. Similarly luminal glucose depolarizes Va more in dark (10.7 +/- 1.2 mV) than in white segments (3.2 +/- 1.4 mV). Partial peritubular replacement of NaCl and reduction of peritubular chloride polarize Vte more in white (9.6 +/- 1.0 and 28.9 +/- 2.9 mV) than in dark segments (7.0 +/- 0.5 and 15.5 +/- 1.9 mV). In conclusion, compared with white segments, dark segments have lower cell membrane and higher shunt resistances, lower potassium and higher bicarbonate conductances of the peritubular cell membrane, and a higher capacity to reabsorb glucose. Paracellular shunt chloride conductance is relatively high in both segments.  The control of epithelial cell movement and shape change is complex and requires regulation of a broad range of events including cell-cell adhesion contacts, cell-substratum interactions, and the actin cytoskeleton. Utilizing the hepatocyte growth factor tyrosine kinase receptor, c-met, the present review examines how growth factor receptors activate intracellular signaling pathways, which can then regulate the events necessary for epithelial cells to disassemble their existing structure, undergo extensive shape change and cell body movement, and reassemble into a polarized epithelium. The role of growth factor-mediated activation of the phosphoinositide 3-kinase, phospholipase C-gamma, c-src family members, and ras family members is addressed in relation to integrin-mediated cell-basement membrane contacts, cadherin-mediated cell-cell adhesions, and regulation of the actin cytoskeleton.  Amino acid concentrations ([AA]) were determined in cortical, outer and inner medullary (OM and IM), and papillary tissue of rat kidney (Cti, mmol/kg wet wt), in plasma (Cpl), and in urine. In all regions, Cti values were highest for Tau, Gly, and Glu-, making up 54-65% of the total [AA]:27, 21, and 11 mmol/kg wet wt in cortex, OM, and IM and papilla, respectively. Cortical cell water [AA] values (CcH2O, mmol/kgH2O) were between 12.4 (Tau) and 0.09 (Orn+), representing cell water-to-plasma water ratios (CcH2O/CpH2O) between 134 (Asp-) and 0.9 (Thr and Cit). Short-term water diuresis did not change the total tissue [AA] throughout the kidney. Treatment of the tissue with Triton X-100 instead of sulfosalicylic acid (SSA) resulted in much higher [AA], except for Glu-, Glu-NH2, Tau, and exogenous L-homoarginine+ (hoArg+). When hoArg+ was infused (leading to a Cpl = 5.9 mmol/l), Cti of hoArg+ was similar throughout the kidney (13-22 mmol/kg wet wt). In the presence of hoArg+, CcH2O/CpH2O of Arg+ rose 13-fold. We conclude that 1) AA contribute 20% to cytosolic osmolality in renal cortex, 2) total [AA] decreases from cortex to papilla, 3) cellular uptake of Tau and anionic AA must be rheogenic, whereas cationic AA (except for Arg+ in cortex) are passively distributed, and 4) AA do not seem to contribute quantitatively to short-term medullary osmotic adaptation during diuresis. We previously reported internephron heterogeneity in the tubuloglomerular feedback (TGF) response 1 wk after subtotal nephrectomy (STN), with 50% of STN nephrons exhibiting anomalous TGF (Singh P, Deng A, Blantz RC, Thomson SC. Am J Physiol Renal Physiol 296: F1158–F1165, 2009). Presently, we tested the theory that anomalous TGF is an adaptation of the STN kidney to facilitate increased distal delivery when NaCl balance forces the per-nephron NaCl excretion to high levels. To this end, the effect of dietary NaCl on the TGF response was tested by micropuncture in STN and sham-operated Wistar rats. An NaCl-deficient (LS) or high-salt NaCl diet (HS; 1% NaCl in drinking water) was started on day 0 after STN or sham surgery. Micropuncture followed 8 days later with measurements of single-nephron GFR (SNGFR), proximal reabsorption, and tubular stop-flow pressure (P) obtained at both extremes of TGF activation, while TGF was manipulated by microperfusing Henle's loop (LOH) from the late proximal tubule. Activating TGF caused SNGFR to decline by similar amounts in Sham-LS, Sham-HS and STN-LS [ΔSNGFR (nl/min) = −16 ± 2, −11 ± 3, −11 ± 2; P = not significant by Tukey]. Activating TGF in STN-HS actually increased SNGFR by 5 ± 2 nl/min ( P0.0005 vs. each other group by Tukey). HS had no effect on the Presponse to LOH perfusion in sham [ΔP(mmHg) = −9.6 ± 1.1 vs. −9.8 ± 1.0] but eliminated the Presponse in STN (+0.3 ± 0.9 vs. −5.7 ± 1.0, P = 0.0002). An HS diet leads to anomalous TGF in the early remnant kidney, which facilitates NaCl and fluid delivery to the distal nephron.Background and AimsRenal cell carcinoma (RCC) accounts for 2% of all cancers, with about 190,000 new cases per year worldwide. Risk factors for RCC include obesity, diabetes, hypertension and genetic factors, but the majority of cancers occur in apparent absence of clear risk factors. Acute tissue injury (AKI) causes DNA damage and repair processes involving increased cell mitosis and polyploidization, leading to cell function alterations that may potentially drive cancer development. We proposed to verify whether AKI plays a role in RCC development, and to identify the cellular origin of RCC.We used the following techniques: 1. observational, retrospective clinical trial to identify a possible association of AKI with RCC. 2. Experimental AKI induction in wild-type mice to study tumor development over 36 weeks. 3. Analysis of TCGA Research Network dataset on human papillary RCC (pRCC) molecular characterization, focusing on AKI-driven pathways. 4. Development of mouse models in which the intracellular domain of Notch 1 (NICD1), a molecule modulated during AKI, is expressed constitutively by all Pax8+ tubular epithelial cells (Pax8/NICD1) or only by Pax2+ renal progenitors (Pax2/NICD1) upon induction in adult mice. The mice were sacrificed at 36 weeks or 4 weeks after AKI. 5. Clonal analysis of tumoral lesions with Confetti reporter. 6. Examination of single cell RNA sequencing (RNAseq) data from pRCC patients.We observed that an AKI episode is a major risk factor for pRCC development and recurrence in patients. Wild-type mice subjected to AKI developed pRCC over time in an adenoma-carcinoma sequence, corroborating our human findings. Among AKI-related pathways, Notch1 overexpression in human pRCC associated with worse outcome, prompting us to generate Notch1-overexpressing mice. At 36 weeks o at 4 weeks following AKI, Pax8/NICD1 mice presented a significant decline of renal excretory function as well as type 2 pRCCs. Confetti lineage tracing showed that most of the pRCCs were monoclonal or biclonal, suggesting that they could originate from a local stem cell/progenitor population. Pax2/NICD1 mice presented type 2 pRCCs, and lineage tracing identified single Pax2+ tubular progenitors as the source of pRCCs. Single cell RNAseq analysis confirmed that the molecular signature of the pRCC cell of origin matched the one of human tubular progenitors.This study expose the link between AKI and pRCC development in patients, with important clinical implications. In mice, AKI promotes long-term development of type 2 papillary tumors by activating the AKI-associated Notch1 pathway. Additionally, pRCC originates from clonal proliferation of renal progenitors in a classical adenoma-carcinoma sequence leading to invasive pRCC growth and metastatization in mice.Epidemiologic studies from several different populations have demonstrated that prenatal insults, which adversely affect fetal growth, result in an increased incidence of hypertension when the offspring reaches adulthood. It is now becoming evident that low-birth-weight infants are also at increased risk for chronic kidney disease. To determine how prenatal insults result in hypertension and chronic kidney disease, investigators have used animal models that mimic the adverse events that occur in pregnant women, such as dietary protein or total caloric deprivation, uteroplacental insufficiency, and prenatal administration of glucocorticoids. This review examines the role of the kidney in generating and maintaining an increase in blood pressure in these animal models. This review also discusses how early postnatal adverse events may have repercussions in later life. Causes for the increase in blood pressure by perinatal insults are likely multifactorial and involve a reduction in nephron number, dysregulation of the systemic and intrarenal renin-angiotensin system, increased renal sympathetic nerve activity, and increased tubular sodium transport. Understanding the mechanism for the increase in blood pressure and renal injury resulting from prenatal insults may lead to therapies that prevent hypertension and the development of chronic kidney and cardiovascular disease. A major challenge for kidney transplantation is to dissect out the identifiable causes of chronic allograft tubulointerstitial fibrosis and to develop cause-specific treatment strategies. There has been a recent interest in the role of oxidative stress (OS) as a mediator of injury in chronic allograft tubular atrophy (TA) and interstitial fibrosis (IF). A review of the literature and data from my laboratory studying chronic allograft TA/IF in rat, rhesus monkey, and human kidneys suggests that OS is increased in graft-infiltrating macrophages, activated myofibroblasts, interstitium, and areas of tubular injury. Chronic allograft OS may be induced by inflammation, abnormal tissue oxygenation, immunosuppressant drugs, and comorbid clinical conditions including diabetes, hypertension, proteinuria, anemia, and dyslipidemia. Moreover, OS-induced chronic TA/IF is associated with signaling pathways including inflammation, apoptosis, hypoxia, and epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. Most of these injury pathways participate in a self-perpetuating cycle with OS. In conclusion, evidence suggests that OS is a common mechanism of injury in chronic allograft TA/IF. However, most available data demonstrate a correlation and no causal relationship. Furthermore, the extent to which TA/IF is dependent on OS is unknown. These questions may be answered by prospective randomized placebo-control trials examining the role of select antioxidants in the prevention of chronic allograft TA/IF. Background and AimsDespite considerable evidence indicating circulating activin A as a novel renal biomarker, its performance for predicting the severity of renal fibrosis and major adverse renal events (MARE) has not yet been extensively studied.We sought to assess the relationship between plasma activin A, renal fibrosis severity, and incidence of MARE in 339 patients undergoing clinically indicated native renal biopsies. To determine the primary source of circulating activin A, RNA-sequencing and histological analyses were performed on kidney biopsy specimens from patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). We also conducted in vitro experiments to investigate whether inhibiting endogenous activin A could attenuate TGF-β-mediated activation of cultured fibroblasts.The median baseline eGFR and proteinuria were 36 mL/min/1.73 m2 and 2.9 mg/mg creatinine, respectively. After multivariable adjustment, elevated plasma activin A was associated with the extent of renal fibrosis. Histological analysis showed increased activin A expression in kidney tissues from patients with CKD, mainly in interstitial myofibroblasts. RNA-sequencing of tubulointerstitial tissue from human biopsy samples also revealed a direct correlation between tissue activin A mRNA expression and plasma activin A levels. During a median follow-up of 22 months, 113 participants suffered MARE. Cox proportional hazards analysis revealed that plasma activin A was associated with higher risk of renal events; however, the association became insignificant after correcting for confounders. Results from in vitro studies demonstrated that knocking down activin A expression could prevent TGF-β-induced activation of NRK49F fibroblasts.The findings of this study support activin A as a potential diagnostic and therapeutic target in fibrotic kidney disease. Cell pH (pHc) was examined by the [14C]DMO technique in suspensions of proximal tubule fragments from rabbit renal cortex. In buffer with 10 mM HCO3(-), pHc was more alkaline than external pH (pHe) at values of the latter7.4. Maximal cell-to-extracellular pH gradients (delta pH) occurred at pHe = 6.8 and below. At pHe7.4, pHc was more acid than pHe was. However, pHc was always more alkaline than the electrochemical equilibrium pH. At pHe congruent to 7.0, 60 min of deoxygenation decreased delta pH from 0.22 +/- 0.02 to 0.05 +/- 0.01. Reoxygenation restored delta pH to control values. Incubation with ouabain abolished the delta pH. Both the carbonic anhydrase inhibitor, acetazolamide, and the anion transport inhibitor, 4-acetamido-4'-isothiocyano-2,2'-disulfonic stilbene (SITS), increased delta pH. The studies demonstrate relative intracellular alkalinity in proximal tubule. A fall in pHc occurs with maneuvers that interfere with H+ pumping out of the cells. A rise in pHc occurs with maneuvers that interfere with the disposition of intracellular alkali: slowing of HCO3(-) generation with acetazolamide or blocking of HCO3(-) exit with SITS. The results support a H+-secretory model of proximal tubule acid transport that is dependent on maintenance and dispersal of intracellular alkalinity.  Aim: This study aims to compare the efficacy of tissue engineering for kidney reconstruction. Materialsmethods: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE (May 2021), and reference lists of review articles. Results: 19 articles matched our inclusion criteria. A range of natural, synthetic and hybrid scaffolds with or without incorporating cells/growth factors was investigated in 937 animals. More favorable results were observed with a combination of two or more biomaterials, addition of bioactive moieties, and cell seeding. Creatinine concentration, PAX2, collagen type-1, α-SMA, vimentin, IL-1, IL-6 and TNF-α gene expressions were significantly increased compared with native control. Conclusion: Tissue engineering can improve renal function and regeneration; however, further research could benefit from using hybrid scaffolds, stem cells and large animal models. Decreased near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) measures of renal saturation (Rsat) have identified hemodynamically significant PDA (hsPDA) and may delineate infants at risk for acute kidney injury (AKI).Review of infants 29 weeks gestation undergoing NIRS and echocardiography due to concern for PDA. hsPDA was defined by two of the following: moderate-large size, left to right shunt, aortic flow reversal, left atrial enlargement. AKI was defined by neonatal KDIGO. Rsat and cerebral saturation (Csat) were evaluated for 24 hours before echocardiography.Among 77 infants, hsPDA was found on echocardiography in 59 (77%). There were no differences in hsPDA in infants with and without AKI. Rsat was not associated with AKI (p=0.3) or hsPDA (p=0.5). Infants on dopamine had less Rsat variability (p=0.001).Rsat prior to echocardiography did not discriminate AKI in the preterm hsPDA population, however data may not capture optimal timing of Rsat measurement before AKI. This study examined the role of the anteroventral third ventricle (AV3V) in the renin-dependent two-kidney, one-clip model of renal hypertension. AV3V lesion and sham lesion rats were subjected to the placement of a clip on one renal artery or a sham operation. The sham lesion-renal artery clip rats experienced an increase in systolic blood pressure; however, AV3V lesioned animals experienced only a transient rise in arterial pressure during the 1st wk after clip. Body fluid regulation studies during the course of the hypertension revealed that there were no differences in water intake and urine volume between the lesion- and sham lesion-renal artery clip animals. Although significantly greater plasma and blood volumes were demonstrated in the AV3V lesion-sham clip rats compared with sham lesion animals, no differences in vascular volumes were detected in the renal artery clip rats. Finally, the rats were water deprived for 3 days to maximally stimulate vasopressin release. Urine osmolality increased significantly in all groups of rats except the AV3V lesion-renal artery clip animals protected against the hypertension.  The Authors describe the correlations between renal insufficiency, dialysis, acquired renal cysts and parenchymal carcinoma of the kidney. After description of the incidence and correlations between this disease and dialysis they present their casuistry and conclusions. Background Chronic kidney failure is a cause of death inchildren. Diagnosing chronic kidney disease is often made byclinical manifestations, laboratory findings and ultrasonographyor other imaging tests. Early detection of chronic kidney diseaseis needed for education and management of the disease.Objective To describe renal imaging findings and mortality inchildren with chronic kidney disease .Methods This was a cross-sectional study on children with kidneydiseases who were inpatients at Dr. Kariadi Hospital from January2008 to June 2011. Data were taken from medical records. Chronickidney disease was confirmed by clinical manifestations, laboratoryfindings, and radiologic imaging. Renal ultrasound findings weredetermined by the radiologist responsible at that time. Resultswere presented as ft:equency distributions.Results Of 37 chronic kidney disease cases, 27 were males and 10were females. Subjects' most common complaints were dyspnea (7out of 3 7) and edema (30 out of 3 7) . Renal ultrasound imaging ofsubjects with chronic kidney disease yielded the following findings:reduced cortico-medullary differentiation (30 out of 3 7), bilateralechogenic kidneys (21 out of 3 7), reduced renal cortex thickness(4 out of 37) and small-sized kidneys (4 out of 37) . Eight of the37 children died. These 8 subjects had the following radiologicimaging findin gs: both kidneys appeared small in size (4 out ofS),reduced 'renal cortex' thickness (4 out of 8), echogenic kidneys(6 out of 8), and reduced cortico-medullary differentiation (8out of8).Conclusion Renal ultrasound imaging of pediatric subjects withchronic kidney disease revealed findings of reduced corticomedullarydifferentiation, bilateral echogenic kidneys, reducedrenal cortex thickness, and small kidneys bilaterally.US images are a commonly used tool for renal calculi diagnosis, although they are time consuming and tedious for radiologists to manually detect and calculate the size of the renal calculi. It is very difficult to properly segment the US image to detect interested area of objects with the correct position and shape due to speckle formation and other artifacts. In addition, boundary edges may be missing or weak and usually incomplete at some places. With that point of view, the proposed method is developed for renal calculi segmentation. A new segmentation method is proposed in this chapter. Here, new region indicators and new modified watershed transformation are utilized. The proposed method is comprised of four major processes, namely preprocessing, determination of outer and inner region indictors, and modified watershed segmentation with ANFIS performance. The results show the effectiveness of proposed segmentation methods in segmenting the kidney stones and the achieved improvement in sensitivity and specificity measures. Abstract
Background
Renal ultrasounds (RUS) are commonly ordered in hospitalized patients with acute kidney injury (AKI), however clinical risk prediction could be used to inform which patients require imaging to rule out hydronephrosis. While risk stratification frameworks have been described, the role of nephrology consultation as an additional driver of RUS ordering has not been comprehensively studied.
Methods
We performed a cross-sectional study of hospitalized adults at a large, tertiary, academic medical center with AKI who had a RUS ordered. Predictors were high-risk, medium-risk, or low-risk category based on an existing risk stratification framework and RUS recommended by a consulting nephrology service. Outcomes were presence of unilateral or bilateral hydronephrosis and incidental findings on RUS.
Results
Two hundred and eighty-one patients were included in the study cohort; 111 (40%), 76 (27%), and 94 (33%) patients were in the high-, medium-, and low-risk groups for hydronephrosis, respectively, based on the risk stratification framework. Thirty-five patients (12%) were found to have hydronephrosis, of whom 86% were captured in the high-risk group. A nephrology consult was involved in 168 (60%) patients and RUS was recommended by the nephrology service in 95 (57%) cases. Of the 95 patients recommended for a RUS, 9 patients (9%) had hydronephrosis. Among the patients with a nephrology consultation, 9 (56%) of the 16 total patients with hydronephrosis were recommended to obtain a RUS.
Conclusions
We further validated a risk stratification framework for hydronephrosis and found that nephrology consultation was an additional driver of RUS ordering, but predicted hydronephrosis less well than the risk stratification framework. Our decision framework strengthens the argument for the use of risk stratification to improve upon consultant recommendations, reduce incidental findings, and decrease RUS overuse.Background/Aims: Accurate staging of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is very important. We tried to identify difference in GFR evaluation between CKD-EPI and Gates method with renal scintigraphy and which variables are associated with these differences. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the records of 341 patients who underwent dynamic renal scintigraphy in the last 5 years. Patients were categorized according to KDIGO staging I to V, using the eGFR calculated with the CKD-EPI equation. Secondarily, we stratified patients according to treatment with renin-angiotensin system (RAS) inhibitors. Results: Gates method tends to underestimate GFR especially in CKD stage I (mean -22.2 ml/min) and II (mean -12.5 ml/min). The division in quartiles of ages showed an underestimation of GFR only in the first quartile of age ( 50 years old). Gates method underestimation of GFR was more pronounced in stage I patients treated with RAS inhibitors (mean -34.6 ml/min). The same occurs in stage II, even though to a lesser extent. Conclusion: The assessment of GFR by the Gates method must be carefully considered in the early stages of CKD, especially in younger patients. Moreover, the difference is more pronounced in patients treated with RAS inhibitors. Longitudinal studies will prove which method better predicts cardiovascular or renal events.ObjectiveThe aim of this study was to detect the correlation between the(Cuproptosis-related gene) expression levels and overall survival, clinical characteristics, and immune infiltration for patients with KIRC.
ResultsTheexpression levels were lower in KIRC tumor tissues. The high expression ofwas a positive prognosis factor since it had a significantly positive correlation with the overall survival of patients with KIRC. Also, theexpression levels had a negative association with the immune infiltrate levels and enriched effects on inflammation and immune signaling pathways.
Conclusionwas a potential Cuproptosis-related prognostic biomarker for KIRC immunotherapy.BACKGROUND AND AIMSSeveral studies demonstrate that klotho shows renoprotective actions. However, it has not been assessed whether klotho supplementation is able to reverse the renal injury.In the present study, the effects of klotho protein supplementation on remnant rat kidneys were assessed using three groups: renal ablation for 4 weeks, renal ablation for 12 weeks and klotho supplementation (20 μg/kg/day).Klotho supplementation suppressed blood pressure, albuminuria, renal renin-angiotensin system (RAS), serum phosphate and fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 23 levels, fibrosis index, renal expression of transforming growth factor β and collagen I. Klotho protein supplementation increased glomerular filtration rate (GFR), fractional excretion of phosphate, renal expression of klotho, bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) 7 and superoxide dismutase.Our data indicated that klotho supplementation reduced blood pressure and albuminuria with inactivation of renal RAS in the remnant kidney. In addition, exogenous klotho protein supplementation increased endogenous klotho expression, facilitating phosphate excretion with reductions in serum phosphate and FGF23. Finally, klotho protein supplementation upregulated BMP7, at least partly contributing to an increase in GFR and reversal of fibrosis in the remnant kidney.Objective: To evaluate renal function change after percutaneous nephrolithotomy in patients with solitary kidney. Methods: A prospective study conducted in the urology department at Rizgary Teaching Hospital for a period of 15 months from first of June 2018 until the end of August 2019. It included nine adult patients, all of them with solitary kidney and undergone percutaneous nephrolithotomy for management of renal calculi. Patients were considered to have a solitary kidney in case of congenital abnormality, contralateral nephrectomy, or solitary functioning kidney with contralateral atrophy (relative function10%). All patients were received prophylactic antibiotics (Ceftriaxone) at induction of anesthesia. All percutaneous nephrolithotomy procedures performed under general anesthesia in the prone position. Serum creatinine and creatinine clearance before the operation, at day one and day 21 postoperatively, operation time, duration of hospitalization, and postoperative complications recorded. Results: In this study, Means of serum creatinine at 1 day and 21 days postoperatively were significantly decreased compared to preoperative s. creatinine level Mean of creatinine clearance significantly increased after 21 days postoperatively compared to preoperative test, while no significant change in creatinine clearance after one day postoperatively. Conclusion: Generally, percutaneous nephrolithotomy considered as a safe and effective option for treatment of renal stones in solitary kidney patients considering the overall rate of complications and minimal morbidity. Moreover, significant renal function improvement anticipated in the early postoperative period.BackgroundIschemia-reperfusion injury (IRI) is one of the most vital pathogenesis causing kidney injury, especially during the perioperative periods of partial nephrectomy and renal transplantation, but lacking of effective prevention and treatment strategies. This study was conducted to investigate the influences of ischemic preconditioning (IPC) on the pathological process of mouse bilateral IRI, and to figure out the role of kidney injury molecule-1 (KIM-1) mediated autophagy pathway in this process.
MethodsNephron major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC II) conditional knockout (cKO) mice (; MHC II ) and the age- and sex-matched littermates from the ; MHC IIcolony (Ctrl) were established to investigate these issues. A 15-minute period of IPC was performed 4 days before the 30-minute of bilateral renal vessel occlusion. Severity of renal IRI in cKO and Ctrl mice with or without IPC were analyzed respectively and correspondingly.
ResultsMHC II cKO mice presented severer kidney injury in both acute and chronic phase of renal IRI. IPC could significantly attenuate ischemia/reperfusion-induced serum creatinine (sCr) and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) increasing, as well as histological KIM-1 expression. However, MHC II cKO mice undergoing IPC showed more deteriorated kidney injury when compared with Ctrl mice, with higher levels of sCr, BUN, KIM-1 expression in the acute phase, and aggravated interstitial fibrosis in the chronic phase.
ConclusionsIPC could attenuate renal IRI functionally and histologically. KIM-1 mediated autophagy pathway plays a vital role in the IPC induced renal IRI protection.Background: Relevant study had demonstrated that Paraoxonase-1 (PON1) had relationship with occurrence and development of tumors which suggested that PON1 was a key gene in promoting tumor progression. However, the relationship between PON1 and Kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC) is still unclear so far.We downloaded relevant data about KIRC from TCGA dataset and compared it with normal renal tissues. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was applied to analyze the expression of PON1. Univariate cox regression analysis and multivariate cox regression analysis were also utilized to analyze independent factors associated with prognosis. Gene set enrichment analysis was conducted to find the signaling pathways of PON1 in KIRC. Finally, we also investigated whether PON1 had relationship with immunity.As shown in results, PON1 expression was decreased in KIRC compared with adjacent paracancer tissues. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was utilized to find the expression of PON1. After survival analysis, the high expression of PON1 was significantly related to overall survival (P0.001). Univariate/Multivariate cox regression analysis both revealed that PON1 could serve as an independent prognostic factor. To analyze overall survival (OS) of patients with KIRC, nomogram was developed. GSEA revealed that PON1 was correlated with homologous recombination. Besides, PON1 had few relationships with immunity.Our results revealed that PON1 could serve as an independent prognostic factor for KIRC, providing a novel target for KIRC future treatments.Kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC) is a prevalent type of renal malignancy characterized by high mortality rates and poor response to treatment. N1-methyladenosine (m1A) is a type of RNA methylation modification that has received considerable attention due to its crucial roles in various biological functions. With the advancement of genomics and molecular biology, m1A-related genes (m1A RGs) have been confirmed to be intimately connected with the development and occurrence of various tumors. Nevertheless, the role of m1A RGs in KIRC remains poorly understood.
This study aims to investigate the prognostic significance of 10 major m1A RGs in KIRC patients, utilizing data from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) dataset. A prognostic model was constructed using Lasso regression analysis, and risk scores were calculated. KIRC patients were classified into high- and low-risk groups based on the median of the average risk score. The prognostic value of the model was evaluated using two independent datasets, GSE537574 and GSE265745, by assessing the sensitivity and specificity using Kaplan-Meier survival analysis and receiver operating characteristic curves. Additionally, gene set enrichment analysis was conducted to explore the possible biological behavior and pathways of m1A RGs. Ultimately, 5 m1A RGs were identified to construct the prognostic model. Furthermore, nomogram and decision curve analyses were performed to evaluate the model's predictive performance and clinical application value.
Our study demonstrates that the expression of m1A RGs might serve as a prognostic biomarker for KIRC patients and provides a new perspective for cancer prognosis screening in clinical practice. The rapid increase in glomerular filtration rate in a normal contralateral kidney after uninephrectomy is well known in living kidney donors but much less well described in chronic kidney disease (CKD). The purpose of this study is to determine the magnitude of this initial compensatory capacity in (CKD) groups 3 to 5 (G3 to G5) patients undergoing uninephrectomy and the clinical factors predicting it. This is a retrospective study of all cases (142) of uninephrectomy in patients with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR; with MDRD equation) 60 ml/min/1.73 m, between 2003 and 2010, in two University of Montreal-affiliated teaching hospitals.Baseline eGFR, patients' comorbidities, and surgical characteristics and complications were noted. The change of eGFR after nephrectomy was evaluated; moreover, the expected post-op eGFR, i.e. without compensation by the contralateral kidney following surgery, was estimated in a sub-group of patients who had a preoperative renal scintigraphy and compared to the actual eGFR at hospital discharge.The mean change of eGFR from baseline to hospital discharge was −5 ± 12 ml/min/1.73 m (–11 %; 95 % CI −16 to −6 %; P0.001). In univariate and multivariate analyses, baseline eGFR did not influence significantly these results. However, in the multivariate model, radical nephrectomy vs. partial nephrectomy and preoperative hypertension predicted a worse renal outcome. In the sub-group of patients with preoperative renal scintigraphy, the actual eGFR at hospital discharge was also higher than expected from the renal split function (13 ml/min/1.73 m; 95 % CI 10 to 16; P0.001).After uninephrectomy, the contralateral kidney in patients with CKD G3 to G5 still has a clinically significant initial compensatory capacity. The compensation is statistically smaller if the patient had hypertension or a radical uninephrectomy. This initial compensation is rapid and most probably haemodynamic (hyperfiltration). However, most of the included patients had a CKD G3, limiting the strength of the conclusion for the G4 toG5 patients; the length of observation covers the early postoperative period, i.e. less than 2 weeks, in more than half of the cohort.  To determine whether the renal regulation of aquaporin (AQP) water channels and sodium transporters are altered in 2-kidney, 1-clip (2K1C) hypertension.Male Sprague-Dawley rats were used. They were made 2K1C hypertensive for 1 week. The renal expression of AQPs and sodium transporters was determined by semiquantitative immunoblotting and immunohistochemistry. The activity of adenylyl cyclase was measured by stimulated generation of cAMP.Systolic blood pressure was increased in 2K1C rats. Experimental rats revealed impaired urinary concentration in association with increased urine volume. Urinary sodium excretion also increased. The expression of AQP1–3 was decreased in the clipped kidney compared with the control kidney, whereas it was unchanged in the non-clipped kidney. The adenylyl cyclase activity provoked by arginine vasopressin, sodium fluoride or forskolin was blunted in the clipped kidney, but remained unaltered in the contralateral kidney. The expressions of the Na,K-ATPase α1-subunit, type 3 N exchanger, Na-K-2Cl cotransporter and epithelial sodium channels were decreased in the clipped kidney, while remaining unchanged in the non-clipped kidney.The downregulation of AQPs and major sodium transporters/channels in the clipped kidney may play a role in the urinary concentration defect and impaired sodium reabsorption in 2K1C hypertension. Hyperuricemia is an independent risk factor for diabetic kidney disease (DKD) progression. Previous animal and cohort studies have reported that allopurinol administration could be of therapeutic benefit in diabetic subjects. However, there has been controversy regarding the effects of allopurinol on DKD.The aim of our study was to investigate the efficacy of allopurinol on renal function in patients with DKD by meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception to October 2020. The primary outcome was a change in glomerular filtration rate (GFR). The secondary outcome was the change in albuminuria and serum uric acid (UA). Two reviewers independently assessed for risk of bias and extracted data. Standardized mean difference (SMD) or weighted mean difference (WMD) was calculated with random effects models and was reported with corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) of the evidence was performed after meta-analysis. International prospective register of systematic reviews registration CRD42020219132.From 642 potentially relevant citations, 3 studies were ultimately included. Our results showed evident reduction in serum UA after allopurinol intervention (WMD = −103.80, 95% CI −159.05, −48.55,= 76%;= 0.04), with a high GRADE of evidence. However, allopurinol did not significantly improve GFR (WMD = 1.07, 95% CI −1.68, 3.82,= 33%;= 0.45), with a moderate GRADE of evidence. There was no significant difference on improvement of albuminuria in patients of allopurinol and those in placebo groups (SMD = −0.26, 95% CI −1.03, 0.52,= 94%;= 0.52), with a moderate GRADE of evidence.The present research showed that allopurinol did not significantly improve renal function and albuminuria in patients with DKD. Background and Objectives: Vitamin K (VK) plays a major role in modifying the binding of calcium in bones and blood vessels. Understanding the effect of VK on crystal formation in the kidney would contribute to advancing the treatment and prevention of kidney stones.Rats were treated with vitamin K1 (VK1) for 8 weeks. VK1 levels were detected and crystal formation were observed. HK2 cells were exposed to calcium oxalate monohydrate crystals. Apoptosis and cell viability were detected. Crystal deposition was analyzed using atomic absorption assay. The adenovirus vectors expressing matrix Gla protein (MGP) and siMGP were constructed to elucidate the effect and mechanism of VK1 on crystal formation. MGP expression in vivo and in vitro was analyzed by Western blot. The mRNA levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) and collagen I was measured by semiquantitative RT-PCR.The concentrations of VK1 in whole blood and kidney tissues rose under treatment with VK1. Crystal formation was inhibited from the second to the 6th week, the frequency and quality of crystal formation decreased significantly, and the location of crystal formation was limited to a greater extent in the rats treated by VK1 compared to the control group. Warfarin treatment in the crystals-exposed HK2 cells significantly increased the number of crystals adhering to cells and the number of apoptotic cells and reduced cell viability. VK1 treatment reversed warfarin’s above influence. VK1 inhibited the upregulations of MCP-1 and collagen I in kidney tissues under crystal load. VK1 treatment increased MGP expression in vivo and in vitro, and MGP is necessary for VK1 to play a role in crystal deposition in cells.VK1 treatment can inhibit the formation of renal crystals in vivo. VK1 increases MGP expression and functions through MGP to reduce crystal deposition in cells and provide cell protection. Our findings suggest that VK1 treatment could be a potential strategy for the treatment and prevention of nephrolithiasis.In this report the authors describe the structural and ultrastructural characteristics of some cells constituting the parietal layer of Bowman’s capsule of the mouse kidney, which are very similar to the epithelial cells of the proximal convoluted tubule (tubule-like cells). These elements are noted in mature and immature mice of both sexes, but their fine morphology and statistical incidence seem related to the sex and the age of the mice, as revealed by the different responsiveness of the same animals to sex hormones experimentally administered. Such substances, directly and/or through an influence on gonadotropins (especially luteinizing hormone), are able to modify (mainly increasing) the percentage of renal corpuscles possessing tubule-like cells. This study demonstrates angiotensin II exertion of biphasic effects on cell differentiation through distinct mediatory roles of angiotensin II type 1 receptor and type 2 receptor in human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived kidney organoids, providing a novel strategy to establish and further characterize the developmental potential of the human kidney organoids.  Investigators approaching the problem of renal organogenesis have been hampered by a paucity of suitable molecular markers that specify distinct developmental phenotypes. To identify such markers, differential display-polymerase chain reaction (DD-PCR) was used to survey the temporal pattern of gene expression in mouse kidney at 11.5, 13.5, 15.5, and 17.5 days after conception and in the adult kidney. Twenty-two differentially expressed amplification products were identified, isolated, and sequenced. Seventeen clones showed no significant similarity with previously reported nucleotide sequences: two were similar to two housekeeping gene products, and three were similar to human or rat expressed sequence tags. To confirm the differential expression patterns observed by DD-PCR, semiquantitative reverse transcription-PCR was performed using sequence-specific oligonucleotide primers. Nineteen of 22 clones were differentially expressed during kidney development [mouse embryonic renal marker (MERM) sequences 1-19]. The value of MERMs as developmental markers was further assessed in mouse metanephric organ culture, where the pattern of MERM transcript expression mimicked that observed in vivo. Therefore, the DD-PCR method permitted development of a panel of marker sequences that can be used to characterize renal developmental processes and that may allow the identification of novel, functionally relevant gene products.  Macrophages are heterogenous cells of the innate immune system that can fluidly modulate their phenotype to respond to their local microenvironment. They are found throughout the renal compartments, where they contribute to homeostasis and function. However, renal injury activates molecular pathways that initially stimulate differentiation of macrophages into a proinflammatory M1 phenotype. Later in the course of healing, abundant apoptotic debris and anti-inflammatory cytokines induce the production of anti-inflammatory M2 macrophages, which contribute to tissue regeneration and repair. Thus, the dynamic balance of M1 and M2 populations may outline the burden of inflammation and process of tissue repair that define renal outcomes, which has been the impetus for therapeutic efforts targeting macrophages. This review will discuss the role of these phenotypes in the progression of chronic renal injury, potential pathogenic mechanisms, and the promise of macrophage-based therapeutic applications for chronic kidney disease. Ischemic acute kidney injury in experimental diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with a more severe deterioration in renal function than shown in nondiabetic animals. We evaluated whether the early recovery phase from acute kidney injury is associated with a more prolonged and sustained decrease in renal perfusion in diabetic mice, which could contribute to the impaired recovery of renal function. Perfusion to the renal cortex and medulla was evaluated by laser-Doppler flowmetry in 10- to 12-wk-old anesthetized mice with type 2 DM ( db/db), heterozygous mice ( db/m), and nondiabetic (control) mice (C57BL/6J). After baseline measurements were obtained, the right renal artery was clampedfor 20 min followed by reperfusion for 60 min. The data demonstrated that, in all three groups studied, the reperfusion phase was characterized by a significant increase in the medullary-to-cortical blood flow ratio. Moreover, during recovery from ischemia, there was a marked prolongation in the time (in min) required to reach peak reperfusion in the cortex ( db/db: 20.7 ± 4.0, db/m: 12.92 ± 1.9, C57BL/6J: 9.3 ± 1.3) and the medulla ( db/db: 20.8 ± 3.2, db/m: 12.88 ± 1.89, C57BL/6J: 11.2 ± 1.2). Additionally, the slope of the recovery phase was lower in db/ db mice (cortex: 61.9 ± 23.1%/min, medulla: 16.3 ± 3.6%/min) than in C57BL/6J mice (cortex: 202.2 ± 41.6%/min, medulla: 42.1 ± 7.2%/min). Our findings indicate that renal ischemia is associated with a redistribution of blood flow from cortex to medulla, not related to DM. Furthermore, renal ischemia in db/db mice results in a marked impairment in reperfusion of the renal cortex and medulla during the early postischemic period. The kidneys play a critical role in precisely regulating the composition of the plasma to maintain homeostasis. To achieve this, the kidneys must be able to accurately determine or “sense” the concentration of a wide variety of substances and to make adjustments accordingly. Kidneys face a key challenge in the arena of pH balance, as there is a particularly narrow range over which plasma pH varies in a healthy subject (7.35–7.45) and this pH must constantly be protected against a variety of onslaughts (changes in diet, activity, and even elevation). The proximal tubule, the first segment to come into contact with the forming urine, plays an important role in helping the kidneys to maintain pH homeostasis. Recent studies have identified a number of novel proximal tubule proteins and signaling pathways that work to sense changes in pH and subsequently modulate renal pH regulation. In this review, we will highlight the role of novel players in acid-base homeostasis in the proximal tubule. Little is known about the renal handling of oxalate in patients with idiopathic hypercalciuria (IH). To explore the role of tubular oxalate handling in IH and to evaluate whether differences exist between IH and normal controls, we studied 19 IH subjects, 8 normal subjects, and 2 bariatric stone formers (BSF) during a 1-day General Clinical Research Center protocol utilizing a low-oxalate diet. Urine and blood samples were collected at 30- to 60-min intervals while subjects were fasting and after they ate three meals providing known amounts of calcium, phosphorus, sodium, protein, oxalate, and calories. Plasma oxalate concentrations and oxalate-filtered loads were similar between patients (includes IH and BSF) and controls in both the fasting and fed states. Urinary oxalate excretion was significantly higher in patients vs. controls regardless of feeding state. Fractional excretion of oxalate (FEOx) was 1, suggesting tubular secretion of oxalate, in 6 of 19 IH and both BSF, compared with none of the controls ( P0.00001). Adjusted for water extraction along the nephron, urine oxalate rose more rapidly among patients than normal subjects with increases in plasma oxalate. Our findings identify tubular secretion of oxalate as a key mediator of hyperoxaluria in calcium stone formers, potentially as a means of maintaining plasma oxalate in a tight range.Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) remains the leading cause of end-stage renal disease. A major challenge in preventing DKD is the difficulty in identifying high-risk patients at a preclinical stage. Existing methods that are used to assess renal function, including albuminuria and eGFR, do not give detailed insight into the location of the renal hemodynamic effects of pharmacological agents at the segmental level. To gain additional information about the intrarenal circulation in vivo in humans, equations were developed by Gomez et al. in the 1950s. These equations used measurements of glomerular filtration rate, renal blood flow, effective renal plasma flow, renal vascular resistance, hematocrit, and serum protein to calculate afferent and efferent arteriolar resistances, glomerular hydrostatic pressure, and filtration pressure. The Gomez equations are, however, indirect and based on physiological assumptions derived from animal models, which may not hold true in human pathophysiology, including the assumption of a normal gross filtration coefficient and not considering changes in intratubular pressure that may affect the pressure gradient across the glomerular capillaries. Nevertheless, the equations have the potential to improve researchers' ability to identify early preclinical changes in renal hemodynamic function in patients with a variety of conditions, including DKD, thereby offering potential in mechanistic human research studies. In this review, we focus on the application of Gomez' equations and summarize the potential and limitations of these techniques in DKD research. We also summarize illustrative data derived from Gomez' equations in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes and hypertension. Centhaquine (CQ) (Lyfaquin) is in late stage clinical development as a safe and effective first-in-class resuscitative agent for hemorrhagic shock patients (NCT02408731, NCT04056065, and NCT04045327). Acute kidney injury (AKI) is known to be associated with hemorrhagic shock. Hence, effect of CQ on protection of kidneys from damage due to hemorrhagic shock was investigated. To assess effect of CQ on AKI in shock, we created a rat model with hemorrhagic shock and AKI. Renal arteries were clamped and de-clamped to induce AKI like ischemia/reperfusion model and hemorrhage was carried out by withdrawing blood for 30 min. Rats were resuscitated with CQ (0.02 mg/kg) for 10 min. MAP, heart rate (HR), and renal blood flow (RBF) were monitored for 120 min. CQ produced a significant improvement in RBF compared to vehicle ( 0.003) even though MAP and HR was similar in CQ and vehicle groups. Blood lactate level was lower ( = 0.0064) in CQ than vehicle at 120 min post-resuscitation. Histopathological analysis of tissues indicated greater renal damage in vehicle than CQ. Western blots showed higher HIF-1α ( = 0.0152) and lower NGAL ( = 0.01626) levels in CQ vs vehicle. Immunofluorescence in the kidney cortex and medulla showed significantly higher ( 0.045) expression of HIF-1α and lower expression of Bax ( 0.044) in CQ. Expression of PHD 3 ( 0.0001) was higher, while the expression of Cytochrome C ( = 0.01429) was lower in the cortex of CQ than vehicle. Results show CQ (Lyfaquin) increased renal blood flow, augmented hypoxia response, decreased tissue damage and apoptosis following hemorrhagic shock induced AKI, and may be explored to prevent/treat AKI.Translational Statement: Centhaquine (CQ) is safe for human use and currently in late stage clinical development as a first-in-class resuscitative agent to treat hemorrhagic shock. In the current study, we have explored a novel role of CQ in protection from hemorrhagic shock induced AKI, indicating its potential to treat/prevent AKI.Chronic kidney disease is defined as a decrease in renal function or evidence of kidney injury for 3 months. This represents an oversimplification that may confuse physicians. Thus kidney function is equated to glomerular filtration rate, which represents one of multiple kidney functions. Some potentially more important renal functions are lost earlier, such as the production for the anti-ageing factor Klotho. Overall, these changes modify the emergent properties of the body, altering the relationships between different organs and systems, in a manner that is difficult to predict the response to interventions based on normal physiology concepts, as there is a novel steady state of interorgan relations. In this regard we now discuss the impact of CKD on heart failure; osteomuscular and joint pain and bone fragility and fractures; and osteosarcopaenia as seen by a cardiologist, a rheumatologist and a geriatrician. We demonstrate that renal outer medullary K (ROMK) channel activity is inhibited in the late distal convoluted tubule/initial connecting tubule and cortical collecting duct of neural precursor cell-expressed developmentally downregulated protein 4-2 (Nedd4-2)-deficient mice. Also, deletion of Nedd4-2 abolishes the stimulatory effect of dietary K intake on ROMK. The lack of high K-induced stimulation of ROMK is associated with the absence of high K-induced inhibition of with no lysine kinase 1. Abstract. The present study deals with thyroxine monodeiodination in normal human kidney. To allow for comparison with previous reports, the present methods are similar to those used by others in rat tissue studies. The microsomal cell fraction of normal human kidney tissue was obtained by differential ultracentrifugation. The microsomes were incubated under various conditions and the deiodination products assayed with radioimmunoassay. A type I 5'-monodeiodinase was demonstrated, pH optimum around 6.5. Competitive inhibition was observed of T generation from T by rT with a K of 3.0 μ and a K of 4 μ. V was 26.1 pmol/min/mg protein. Likewise rT was generated from added T, but it was rapidly degraded, while T was relatively stable as is the case in rat tissue preparations. Propylthiouracil inhibited 5'-deiodination in a dose dependent fashion with complete abolishment of deiodination at propylthiouracil concentration of 10. Ipodate inhibited the reaction with complete inhibition at 10 . The data demonstrate that a human kidney particulate cell-fraction contained considerable amounts of T deiodinases, very similar to the type I deiodinase of various rat tissue, although the handling of rT and the inhibitory action of this iodothyronine on T to T conversion seem to be slightly different in the two species.One of the supplements used in with exercise programs is branched chain amino acids (BCAAs) which preferred because of their effect on novation of muscle protein synthesis. However, BCAAs increase their amount in the blood in a short time due to their properties. In this case, the result can increase the workload of the kidneys. Based on the information, this study investigated the effects of resistance exercise and BCAA supplements on kidney tissue. A total of 24 Wistar Albino male rats were divided equally into 4 groups: Control, BCAA, Exercise and Exercise+BCAA. In six-week study, resistance swimming exercise was applied to exercise groups. BCAA groups were given BCAA supplements at doses of 2.5 mg/kg before exercise. End of the study, histological, immunochemical, and RT-PCR analyses were performed. As a result of the findings obtained, it was found that use of BCAA supplements together with exercise caused tubular necrosis (p=0.002). A significant increase was found in caspase 3 IHC staining findings in BCAA and Exercise+BCAA groups compared to Control group (p=0.011; p=0.02). Also, KIM-1 expression levels were higher in Exercise group compared to all other groups (p=0.004; p=0.003; p=0.008). As a result, BCAA consumption in combination with resistant exercise caused damage to kidney tissue. Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a frequent complication of sepsis and an important cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. A cornerstone of sepsis-associated AKI is dysregulated inflammation, leading to increased tissue oxidative stress and free radical formation, which leads to multiple forms of cell death. DJ-1 is a peroxiredoxin protein with multiple functions, including its ability to control cellular oxidative stress. Although DJ-1 is expressed prominently by renal tubules, its role in AKI has not been investigated. In the present study, we examined the effect of DJ-1 deficiency in a murine model of endotoxin-induced AKI. Endotoxemia induced greater kidney injury in DJ-1-deficient mice. Furthermore, DJ-1 deficiency increased renal oxidative stress associated with increased renal tubular apoptosis and with expression of death domain-associated protein (DAXX). Similar to the in vivo model, in vitro experiments using a medullary collecting duct cell line (mIMCD3) and cytotoxic serum showed that serum obtained from wild-type mice resulted in increased expression of s100A8/s100A9, DAXX, and apoptosis in DJ-1-deficient mIMCD3 cells. Our findings demonstrate a novel renal protective role for renal tubular DJ-1 during endotoxemia through control of oxidative stress, renal inflammation, and DAXX-dependent apoptosis.  Metformin, an AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator, has been shown in previous studies to reduce kidney fibrosis in different models of experimental chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, in all of these studies, the administration of metformin was initiated before the establishment of renal disease, which is a condition that does not typically occur in clinical settings. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether the administration of metformin could arrest the progression of established renal disease in a well-recognized model of CKD, the subtotal kidney nephrectomy (Nx) model. Adult male Munich-Wistar rats underwent either Nx or sham operations. After the surgery (30 days), Nx rats that had systolic blood pressures of 170 mmHg and albuminuria levels of 40 mg/24 h were randomized to a no-treatment condition or to a treatment condition with metformin (300 mg·kg) for a period of either 60 or 120 days. After 60 days of treatment, we did not observe any differences in kidney disease parameters between Nx metformin-treated and untreated rats. However, after 120 days, Nx rats that had been treated with metformin displayed significant reductions in albuminuria levels and in markers of renal fibrosis. These effects were independent of any other effects on blood pressure or glycemia. In addition, treatment with metformin was also able to activate kidney AMPK and therefore improve mitochondrial biogenesis. It was concluded that metformin can arrest the progression of established kidney disease in the Nx model, likely via the activation of AMPK. Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is a life-threatening, highly prevalent monogenic disease caused by mutations in polycystin-1 (PC1) in 85% of patients. We have previously identified a COOH-terminal cleavage fragment of PC1, PC1-p30, which interacts with the transcription factor STAT6 to promote transcription. STAT6 is aberrantly active in PKD mouse models and human ADPKD, and genetic removal or pharmacological inhibition of STAT6 attenuates disease progression. High levels of IL-13, a STAT6-activating cytokine, are found in the cyst fluid of PKD mouse models and increased IL-13 receptors in ADPKD patient tissue, suggesting that a positive feedback loop exists between IL-13 and STAT6 is activated in cystic epithelial cells and contributes to disease progression. In this study, we aimed to identify genes aberrantly regulated by STAT6 to better understand how increased IL-13/STAT6 signaling may contribute to PKD progression. We demonstrate that the expression of periostin, galectin-3, and IL-24 is upregulated in various forms of PKD and that their aberrant regulation is mediated by IL-13 and STAT6 activity. Periostin and galectin-3 have previously been implicated in PKD progression. We support these findings by showing that periostin expression is increased after IL-13 treatment in kidney epithelial cells, that galectin-3 expression is increased after injecting IL-13 in vivo and that IL-24 expression is upregulated by both IL-13 treatment and PC1-p30 overexpression in mouse and human kidney cells. Overall, these findings provide insight into the possible mechanisms by which increased IL-13/STAT6 signaling contributes to PKD progression and suggest potential therapeutic targets. Dietary oxalate is plant-derived and may be a component of vegetables, nuts, fruits, and grains. In normal individuals, approximately half of urinary oxalate is derived from the diet and half from endogenous synthesis. The amount of oxalate excreted in urine plays an important role in calcium oxalate stone formation. Large epidemiological cohort studies have demonstrated that urinary oxalate excretion is a continuous variable when indexed to stone risk. Thus, individuals with oxalate excretions 25 mg/day may benefit from a reduction of urinary oxalate output. The 24-h urine assessment may miss periods of transient surges in urinary oxalate excretion, which may promote stone growth and is a limitation of this analysis. In this review we describe the impact of dietary oxalate and its contribution to stone growth. To limit calcium oxalate stone growth, we advocate that patients maintain appropriate hydration, avoid oxalate-rich foods, and consume an adequate amount of calcium.  There is little clinical data of how hypertension may influence individuals with nephron deficiency in the context of being born with a single kidney. We recently developed a new rat model (the heterogeneous stock-derived model of unilateral renal agenesis rat) that is born with a single kidney and exhibits progressive kidney injury and decline in kidney function with age. We hypothesized that DOCA-salt would induce a greater increase in blood pressure and therefore accelerate the progression of kidney injury in rats born with a solitary kidney compared with rats that have undergone unilateral nephrectomy. Time course evaluation of blood pressure, kidney injury, and renal hemodynamics was performed in the following six groups of animals from weeks 13 to 18: 1) DOCA-treated rats with a solitary kidney (DOCA+S group), 2) placebo-treated rats with a solitary kidney, 3) DOCA-treated control rats with two kidneys (DOCA+C group), 4) placebo-treated control rats with two kidneys, 5) DOCA-treated rats with two kidneys that underwent uninephrectomy (DOCA+UNX8 group), and 6) placebo-treated rats with two kidneys that underwent uninephrectomy. DOCA+S rats demonstrated a significant rise ( P0.05) in blood pressure (192 ± 4 mmHg), proteinuria (205 ± 31 mg/24 h), and a decline in glomerular filtration rate (600 ± 42 μl·min·g kidney weight) relative to the DOCA+UNX8 (173 ± 3 mmHg, 76 ± 26 mg/24 h, and 963 ± 36 μl·min·g kidney weight) and DOCA+C (154 ± 2 mmHg, 7 ± 1 mg/24 h, and 1,484 ± 121 μl·min·g kidney weight) groups. Placebo-treated groups showed no significant change among the three groups. An assessment of renal injury markers via real-time PCR/Western blot analysis and histological analysis was concordant with the measured physiological parameters. In summary, congenital solitary kidney rats are highly susceptible to the induction of hypertension compared with uninephrectomized rats, suggesting that low nephron endowment is an important driver of elevated blood pressure, hastening nephron injury through the transmission of elevated systemic blood pressure and thereby accelerating decline in kidney function. Abstract. Localization of PTH-binding sites has been examined in intact kidney sectios and cultured cells derived from bovine kidney cortex. Tissue sections were incubated with 10bovine PTH (1–84) for 2 h, cells for 15 min, at 37°C. Visualization of PTH-binding was achieved by immunocytochemistry using a carboxyterminal specific anti-PTH antiserum (S 478). For control, cell culture incubations were performed applying competitively 10bovine PTH (1–84) and a 10-fold excess of synthetic 1–34 PTH fragment, not antigenic for S 478. This resulted in a lack of staining. PTH-binding was found in all cells of the proximal and the distal tubule, and with less intensity in the thick ascending limb of Henle's loop. In collecting ducts a PTH specific staining was also present, which was confined to single cells localized between others without PTH binding sites. No staining was seen in glomerula, the thin limb of Henle's loop, in blood vessels, and in connective tissue. The data suggest that large parts of the nephron contain PTH-binding sites, although in different amounts. This is in agreement with the numerous actions of PTH in the kidney. In the collecting segment a distinct cell-to-cell difference was disclosed indicative for different functional states or cellular heterogeneity.Oncocytoma is a well-defined benign renal tumor, with classic gross and histologic features, including a tan or mahogany-colored mass with central scar, microscopic nested architecture, bland cytology, and round, regular nuclei with prominent central nucleoli. As a result of variations in this classic appearance, difficulty in standardizing diagnostic criteria, and entities that mimic oncocytoma, such as eosinophilic variant chromophobe renal cell carcinoma and succinate dehydrogenase-deficient renal cell carcinoma, pathologic diagnosis remains a challenge. This review addresses the current state of pathologic diagnosis of oncocytoma, with emphasis on modern diagnostic markers, areas of controversy, and emerging techniques for less invasive diagnosis, including renal mass biopsy and advanced imaging.BACKGROUND: Our goal is to review current literature regarding active surveillance (AS) of small renal masses (SRMs) and identify trends in survival outcomes, factors that predict the need for further intervention, and quality of life (QOL). METHODS: We performed a comprehensive literature search in PubMed and EMBASE and identified 194 articles. A narrative summary was performed in lieu of a meta-analysis due to the heterogeneity of selected studies. RESULTS: Seventeen articles were chosen to be featured in this review. Growth rate (GR) was not an accurate predictor of malignancy, although it was the characteristic most commonly used to trigger delayed intervention (DI). The mean 5-year overall survival (OS) of all studies was 73.6% ±1.7% for AS groups. The combined cancer specific survival (CSS) for AS is 97.1% ±0.6%, compared to 98.6% ±0.4% for the primary intervention (PI) groups, (p = 0.038). CONCLUSIONS: Short and intermediate-term data demonstrate that AS with the option for DI is a management approach whose efficacy (in terms of CSS) approaches that of PI at 5 years, is cost effective, and prevents overtreatment, especially in patients with significant comorbidities. Chronic allograft nephropathy and/or calcineurin inhibitor toxicity are common problems after organ transplantation. The aim of this study was to examine the safety and efficacy of switching from a calcineurin inhibitor-based to a calcineurin inhibitor-free immunosuppressive regimen consisting of sirolimus and mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) late after renal transplantation.Kidney biopsies were performed in renal-transplanted patients with increasing serum creatinine levels at least 6 months after transplantation (mean time ± SD after renal transplantation: 76.4 ± 50.4 months). Patients with no signs of acute rejection were switched to MMF (500–2,000 mg/day) in combination with a low dose of sirolimus (1 mg/day). Renal function, serum chemistry, blood trough levels of sirolimus and MMF, and blood pressure were monitored.13 patients were investigated. During our observation period (mean observation time ± SD: 11.2 ± 5.9 months), an improvement in renal function was observed in 10/13 patients. In 3/13 patients, renal function deteriorated further and hemodialysis was initiated in 2 patients within the next 6 months. However, a serum creatinine concentration above 3.5 mg/dl was measured in 2 of those 3 patients prior to the switch of the immunosuppressive protocol. Administration of a low dosis of sirolimus (1 mg/day) led to relevant sirolimus (4.16 ± 1.85 ng/ml) and MMF blood trough levels (month 1: 6.8 ± 3.46; month 3: 4.67 ± 1.78 mg/l). The following adverse events were observed: borderline acute rejection (1/11 patients), anemia responding to higher dosage of erythropoietin (3/11), hyperlipidemia (1/11), and urinary tract infections (4/11).Low-dose sirolimus therapy in combination with concentration-adjusted MMF therapy leads to improvement of organ function late after renal transplantation. The follow-up of those patients should include assessments of blood cell counts, serum lipids and urinalysis to recognize the possible side effects.Background/Aims: The contribution of emergent cardiovascular risk factors to atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis (ARAS) is debated. We investigated the relationship of lipoprotein(a) and prothrombotic factors with ARAS in hypertension. Methods: In 50 hypertensive patients with angiographic evidence of ARAS and 58 hypertensive patients who had comparable cardiovascular risk factor burden but no evidence of renovascular disease, we measured renal function, lipoprotein(a), homocysteine, and hemostatic-fibrinolytic markers. Results: Patients with ARAS were more frequently smokers and had longer duration of hypertension, heavier antihypertensive treatment, and worse renal function than controls. Lipoprotein(a) was higher in patients with ARAS than controls, whereas no differences were found in homocysteine and all hemostatic variables. Multivariate analysis showed that lipoprotein(a) was associated with ARAS independent of other confounders including renal function and history of coronary heart, cerebrovascular, and peripheral artery disease. Conclusion: Lipoprotein(a) might contribute to the development of ARAS and detection of elevated levels of this lipoprotein could raise the suspicion of renovascular disease in patients with high blood pressure.ALECT-2 amyloidosis is a rare type of amyloidosis that mostly involves kidneys with other organs rarely affected. It has a high prevalence among patients of Hispanic descent. Membranous nephropathy is one of the most common causes of proteinuria in adults. IgG4-related disease is a systemic disease, which commonly involves the pancreas, but occasionally affects the kidney and manifests as chronic renal insufficiency. Here we describe a very unusual case of concurrence of membranous nephropathy, IgG4 disease involving the kidney, ALECT2 amyloidosis, and early diabetic kidney injury.Methods/Case ReportA 49-year-old Hispanic male patient with a history of diabetes and IgG4-related autoimmune pancreatitis and primary sclerosing cholangitis presented with abrupt onset of proteinuria and hypoalbuminemia. A kidney biopsy was performed and showed severe interstitial plasma cell-rich inflammatory infiltrates and interstitial fibrosis which had a storiform pattern. The glomerular basement membranes (GBM) showed focal pinpoint holes but no spikes by silver stain. Immunofluorescence microscopy (IF) showed diffuse and finely granular capillary loop staining for IgG, with Kappa and lambda light chains of equal intensity. IF for Anti-phospholipase A2 receptor (PLA2R) was negative. Immunohistochemical (IHC) stain showed IgG4 positivity in about 60% of IgG-positive plasma cells. Congo red was positive for birefringent deposits predominantly in the interstitium and arteriolar walls with focal deposits in the glomerular mesangium and capillary wall. IHC stain for Amyloid AA and DNAJB9 were negative. Electron microscopy showed scattered subepithelial immune complex-type electron dense deposits consistent with membranous nephropathy, randomly oriented fibrils in interstitium, mesangium and GBM, consistent with amyloidosis, and thickening of GBM (average 559 nm), consistent with early diabetic kidney change. The tissue was sent for mass spectrometry which showed a peptide profile consistent with ALECT-2 (Leukocyte chemotactic factor 2) type amyloidosis.Results (if a Case Study enter NA)In up to a third of cases reported in the literature, a concomitant renal pathology was present. Diabetic nephropathy was the most common concurrent pathology, to be followed by IgA nephropathy and membranous nephropathy. However, the concurrence of membranous nephropathy, IgG4 disease involving the kidney, ALECT2 amyloidosis, and early diabetic kidney injury has never been described before. The underlying pathogenesis of patients with salt-sensitive hypertension expressing higher blood pressure and severer renal damage remains uncertain.We recruited 329 subjects, 131 in salt-sensitive (SS) group, 148 in nonsalt-sensitive (NSS) group, and 50 healthy people in normal group and tested their renal function, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure, and growth factor series.The SS group showed worse renal function with lower estimated glomerular filtration rate and higher urinary microalbumin, α-microglobulin, urinary protein Cr ratio, and urinary immunoglobulin. Most indicators in 24-h ambulatory blood pressure of the SS group were significantly enhanced than the NSS group, indicating their higher blood pressure. The significantly elevated growth factors in the SS group were AR, BMP-5, EG-VEGF, GH, HGF, IGFBP-2, IGFBP-3, IGFBP-6, MCSFR, NT-4, PDGF-AA, SCF, SCFR, VEGFR2, VEGFR3, and VEGF-D, compared to other 2 groups or one of them. PI3K-AKT pathway was activated in the SS group.Differences in growth factors and pathways may account for the manifestations of the SS group. Activated PI3K-AKT pathway with higher IGFBP-3 and GH can lead to renal damage. Higher MCSFR in the SS group indicates that high blood pressure and severe kidney damage may be associated with the activation of the immune system. EG-VEGF, VEGFR2, VEGFR3, and VEGF-D can also explain the elevated blood pressure due to the dilated lymphatic system which drains excess sodium and water back into circulation. The SS group presented higher AR and HGF which may worsen renal function by regulating cell proliferation and tumor formation. However, due to the potential low awareness rate of hypertension at the very beginning, we cannot ensure the exact occurrence order of blood pressure, renal damage, and salt sensitivity. Therefore, further studies which can track data from the onset of hypertension are needed. The role of renal glutamine synthesis for the rapid decrease in renal ammonia-genesis occurring early in the recovery phase (24 h) of metabolic acidosis was studied in rats. -sulfoximine (MSO), an irreversible inhibitor of glutamine synthetase, depressed the renal enzyme activity by 50% but did not impair the recovery from acidosis. Since extrarenal glutamine synthesis was decreased by this manoeuvre with lowering of blood glutamine, an intravenous load of glutamine sufficient to elevate blood concentration to 1was superimposed on the MSO treatement. The glutamine load did not increase the ammoniuria. Infusion of glutamine alone to rats recovering from metabolic acidosis for 12–24 h did not change their ammoniuria. In contrast, glutamine administration together with HC1 produced a marked ammoniuric response in rats recovering from acidosis. Conversely, the administration of bicarbonate to chronically acidotic rats acutely depressed renal ammonia production. It is concluded that glutamine synthetase activity is probably not required for recovery from metabolic acidosis, and that the post-acidosis alkaline rebound occurring in the rat may play a direct role in suppressing the ammonia-genie pathway either by drastic reduction in mitochondrial permeability for glutamine or acute inhibition of intramitochondrial deamidation of this amino acid. In chronic renal failure in dialyzed patients vascular damage is frequently observed and it is probable that disturbances in fibrinolytic activity and endothelial dysfunction may play a role in vascular complications such as stroke or ischemic heart disease. There have been a few data concerning hemostasis in chronic renal failure. Since hemostatic disturbances in nephrotic syndrome mimick those observed in patients maintained on chronic ambulatory peritoneal dialyses (CAPD), the aim of the study was to assess adhesion molecules (P-selectin, E-selectin, ICAM, VCAM and markers of endothelial cell injury), von Willebrand factor, thrombomodulin, and TFPI (tissue factor pathway inhibitor) in CAPD patients as well as in subjects with chronic renal failure (CRF) treated conservatively.The studies were performed on 23 CAPD patients, 24 patients with nephrotic syndrome and 24 sex- and age-matched healthy volunteers. TFPI total, full length, truncated, von Willebrand factor, trombomodulin, P-selectin, E-selectin, ICAM, VCAM and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and its receptor sFlt3 were assayed using commercially available kits. We evaluated also thrombin activity (thrombin-antithrombin complexes (TAT), prothrombin fragments 1 and 2) and the degree of plasmin generation.In CAPD and CRF patients, concentrations of the adhesion molecules P-selectin, E-selectin, ICAM and VCAM were significantly higher when compared to the control group. Concentrations of total, free and truncated TFPI were significantly higher in CAPD and CRF patients when compared to the healthy volunteers. Concentrations of ‘classical’ markers of endothelial cell injury, von Willebrand factor and thrombomodulin, were significantly higher in CAPD and CRF patients when compared to the control group. In CAPD patients, VCAM and thrombomodulin were significantly elevated when compared to the CRF patients.The elevated levels of adhesion molecules in CAPD patients probably reflect inadequate clearance as well as enhanced synthesis/release. They may also indicate endothelial cell injury as well as elevated levels of von Willebrand factor and trombomodulin and increased ICAM and VCAM in CAPD patients. Our studies indicate that in renal failure patients, particularly on CAPD, there is evidence of endothelial cell injury and a high degree of hypercoagulation relative to healthy subjects. It may lead to fibrin deposition in the vascular wall, thrombus formation, and development and progression of atherosclerosis with its complications.The effect of indomethacin on plasma renin activity (PRA) and sodium excretion was examined in normal conscious dogs before and during water diuresis. PRA did not show significant change with the administration of indomethacin (5 mg/kg): PRA was 5.00 ± 1.69 ng/ml/h during control periods and was 5.56 ± 1.93 ng/ml/h (p0.1) 80 min after the administration of indomethacin. Mean arterial blood pressure (MABP) was 100.5 ± 5.1 mm Hg during control periods and was 93.3 ± 6.6 mm Hg (p0.1) 80 min after the administration of indomethacin. Administration of indomethacin into these dogs undergoing water diuresis did not change the clearance of either inulin or aminohippurate. Sodium excretion (UV) showed a slight but not significant decrease after treatment with indomethacin (p0.1). UV was 89.7 ± 22.9 µEq/min during control periods and was 73.2 ± 12.6 µEq/min 80 min after the administration of indomethacin. The data suggest that renin secretion and sodium excretion in normal conscious dogs are not influenced by indomethacin.Background/Aims: Renalase is a recently discovered protein, which is likely involved in regulation of blood pressure in humans and animals. Previous studies suggest that renalase reflects kidney functioning. A common missense polymorphism in the flavin-adenine dinucleotide-binding domain of human renalase (Glu37Asp) has been described. In this study we examined the association between (Glu37Asp) polymorphism (rs2296545) in renalase gene and kidney allograft function. Methods: The study enrolled 270 Caucasian kidney allograft recipients. SNP within the renalase was genotyped using TaqMan genotyping assays. Results: There were no statistically significant associations between renalase gene rs2296545 polymorphism and delayed graft function, acute rejection, chronic allograft dysfunction as well as creatinine serum concentrations and blood pressure values after transplantation. Conclusions: The results of this study suggest, that renalase gene rs2296545 polymorphism is not important factor determining renal allograft function.Antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)-associated glomerulonephritis requires prompt diagnosis and treatment, since renal function at the time of diagnosis is significantly associated with renal outcomes. Here, we report two pediatric patients with ANCA-positive glomerulonephritis initially presenting with hematuria, mild proteinuria, and normal renal function. The first patient with a high myeloperoxidase-ANCA titer (134 IU/mL) was diagnosed with rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis based on renal biopsy and treated with immunosuppressive therapy after 10 months of follow-up. The second patient with a low myeloperoxidase-ANCA titer (11 IU/mL) maintained normal kidney function without medication. Two cases showed different clinical course according to ANCA titer.Bovine glomerular basement membrane (GBM) was isolated and purified according to a modification ofmethod. Rat and bovine tubular basement membranes (TBM) were isolated and purified by sonic disruption or by the method of Carlson et al. Electron microscopic studies on the ultrastructure of GBM and TBM were performed after negative staining with 1% phosphotungstic acid solution, pH 7.3. When negatively stained, GBM and TBM were seen as fragments varying in size. The surface of the membranes showed a characteristic felt-like or spongy appearance. At higher magnification, GBM and TBM showed a fine meshwork composed of strands and pores which three-dimensionally resembled a crystal lattice. Pores were fairly uniform in size and shape. They were round, oval or polygonal in shape. Some of the pores were elongated to form short straight or bent channels. Strands were also uniform in diameter and surrounded a pore or channel. For an average of 50 pores, the long dimension was 3.1 ± 0.6 nm and the short dimension 2.5 ± 0.3 nm in bovine GBM, 3.8 ± 1.2 and 2.5 + 0.7 nm in bovine TBM, and 4.9 ± 1.5 and 2.8 ± 0.6 nm in rat TBM, respectively. The strand was 1.8 ± 0.3 nm in diameter in bovine GBM, 2.5 ± 0.6 nm in bovine TBM and 3.7 ± 0.7 nm in rat TBM for an average of 50 strands. The diameters of the pores were less than or close to the short axis of an albumin molecule. It was concluded that renal GBM and TBM were molecular sieves composed of pores and strands. Obese patients and experimental animals exhibit high levels of inflammatory cytokines, such as tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α. However, the role of TNF-α in the pathophysiologic process in obesity induced kidney damage is still unknown.We used TNF-α deficient mice and wild-type (WT) C57/BJ6 mice controls to study the effect of TNF-α on inflammation and oxidative stress in kidney by the model of high-fat diet (HFD) and primary isolated mouse renal proximal tubule cells treated with a mixture of free fatty acids (FFA).Compared with the chow diet group, HFD-fed WT mice had higher urinary albumin and increased levels of renal fibrosis, glomerulosclerosis, inflammation, oxidative stress and apoptosis in the kidney. These changes were co-related with increased expression of TNF-α in the kidney and were attenuated by TNF-α deficiency. In vitro, accumulation of intracellular lipids induced TNF-α expression and oxidative stress in FFA treated primary proximal tubule cells. However, TNF-α inhibition with siRNA or TNF-α deficiency decreased the lipid induced oxidative stress in these cells.These findings suggest that TNF-α plays an important role in the HFD induced kidney damage, and targeting TNF-α and/or its receptors could be a promising therapeutic regimen for progressive nephropathy. Distal renal tubular acidosis (dRTA) is characterized by an impairment of the urinary acidification process in the distal nephron. Complete or incomplete metabolic acidosis coupled with inappropriately alkaline urine are the hallmarks of this condition. Genetic forms of dRTA are caused by loss of function mutations of either , encoding the AE1 anion exchanger, orand , encoding for the B1 and a4 subunits of the vHATPase, respectively. These genes are crucial for the function of A-type intercalated cells (A-IC) of the distal nephron.Alterations of acid-base homeostasis are variably associated with hypokalemia, hypercalciuria, nephrocalcinosis or nephrolithiasis, and a salt-losing phenotype. Here we report the diagnostic test and the underlying physiopathological mechanisms. The molecular mechanisms identified so far can explain the defect in acid secretion, but do not explain all clinical features. We review the latest experimental findings on the pathogenesis of dRTA, reporting mechanisms that are instrumental for the clinician and potentially inspiring a novel therapeutic strategy. Key Message: Primary dRTA is usually intended as a single-cell disease because the A-IC are mainly affected. However, novel evidence shows that different cell types of the nephron may contribute to the signs and symptoms, moving the focus from a single-cell towards a renal disease. During alkalosis in vivo, renal tissue [citrate] [( citrate]t) increases and citrate reabsorption (Tcit) and utilization (Qcit) simultaneously decrease. The decrease in Qcit is interpreted to cause the increased [citrate]t, which in turn decreases Tcit X Renal citrate handling and [citrate]t could be regulated by other mechanisms, since alkalosis changes [substrate] and [H+] in extracellular (ECF) and intracellular (ICF) fluid. Also, since high plasma [citrate] decreases ionized [Ca2+] (Cai), it is not possible to determine in vivo whether there is a maximum for Tcit or Qcit and whether change in extracellular fluid (delta ECF) pH affects these maxima. We perfused the substrate-limited isolated rat kidney for either 110 (n = 36) or 50 min (n = 44) at pH 7.2, 7.4, or 7.6; pH was changed by varying [HCO3-]; Cai was held constant at approximately 2.5 meq/liter. When citrate was the only substrate available in a Krebs-Ringer-HCO3 perfusate containing 6% substrate-free albumin, both Qcit and Tcit had maximal rates: Qcit much greater than Tcit; at pH 7.6, Qcit and Tcit were significantly reduced below their values at pH 7.2 or 7.4. In contrast to in vivo observations, [citrate]t was not significantly increased at high ECF pH. To test whether [citrate]t in the perfused kidney can increase in alkalosis, 11 additional perfusions were done in the presence of glucose plus lactate plus malate but without added citrate: [citrate]t = 0.6 mumol X g-1 at pH 7.6 and 0.3 mumol X g-1 at pH 7.2 (P less than 0.01); no citrate was detectable in the perfusate, and urinary citrate excretion was negligible. Thus, in the isolated rat kidney, an increase in [citrate]t occurred in alkalosis and was derived from precursors and not from citrate in the ECF. Overall, when only citrate was available to the isolated kidney during alkalosis, a significant rise in [citrate]t did not occur, although Vmax for Tcit and Qcit decreased. These effects of alkalosis on Tcit are consistent with observations in brush-border vesicles, where divalent citrate is the preferential substrate for luminal Na+-coupled transport; by contrast, high ECF pH and [HCO-3] apparently decrease Qcit by a direct effect on the utilization of citrate.  Acute kidney injury (AKI) is an important clinical disorder with high prevalence, serious consequences, and limited therapeutic options. Modulation of neuroimmune interaction by nonpharmacological methods is emerging as a novel strategy for treating inflammatory diseases, including AKI. Recently, pulsed ultrasound (US) treatment was shown to protect from AKI by stimulating the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway. Because of the relatively simple, portable, and noninvasive nature of US procedures, US stimulation may be a valuable therapeutic option for treating inflammatory conditions. This review discusses potential impacts of US bioeffects on the nervous system and how this may generate feedback onto the immune system. We also discuss recent evidence supporting the use of US as a means to treat AKI and other inflammatory diseases.  Early endothelial outgrowth cells (eEOCs) reproducibly have been shown to act protectively in acute ischemic kidney injury (AKI) and chronic kidney injury. Bone morphogenetic protein-5 (BMP-5) acted antifibrotically in human hypertensive nephropathy. The aim of the curent study was to analyze effects of BMP-5 treatment in an eEOC-based therapy of murine AKI and 5/6-nephrectomy. Male C57/Bl6N mice were either subjected to unilateral renal artery clamping postuninephrectomy or to 5/6-nephrectomy. Untreated or BMP-5-pretreated murine eEOCs were injected into recipient animals at the time of reperfusion (AKI) or at 2 and 5 days after 5/6-nephrectomy. Analysis of renal function and morphology was performed at 48 h and at 6 wk (AKI) or at 8 wk (5/6 model). Cellular consequences of eEOC treatment were evaluated using different in vitro assays. AKI was mitigated significantly by injecting BMP-5-pretreated eEOCs. Renal function was improved at 48 h and at 6 wk after cell therapy. In 5/6-nephrectomy, the cells failed to protect renal function, but proteinuria was reduced after administering untreated eEOCs. BMP-5 pretreatment resulted in aggravated proteinuria and renal fibrosis. In 5/6-nephrectomized animals, percentages of anti-smooth muscle actin+/CD31+ cells increased, indicating endothelial-mesenchymal transition (EnMT). In vitro analysis revealed increased cell migration and reduced cell apoptosis/necrosis. Paracrinic activity remained unaffected. BMP-5 acts as a potent eEOC agonist in murine AKI in the short and mid to long term. Cell effects in 5/6-nephrectomy are heterogenous, but untreated cells act antiproteinurically and antifibrotically without any impact on EnMT.  Basement membranes (BMs), a specialized form of extracellular matrix, underlie nearly all cell layers and provide structural support for tissues and interact with cell surface receptors to determine cell behavior. Both macromolecular composition and stiffness of the BM influence cell-BM interactions. Collagen IV is a major constituent of the BM that forms an extensively cross-linked oligomeric network. Its deficiency leads to BM mechanical instability, as observed with glomerular BM in Alport syndrome. These findings have led to the hypothesis that collagen IV and its cross-links determine BM stiffness. A sulfilimine bond (S = N) between a methionine sulfur and a lysine nitrogen cross-links collagen IV and is formed by the matrix enzyme peroxidasin. In peroxidasin knockout mice with reduced collagen IV sulfilimine cross-links, we find a reduction in renal tubular BM stiffness. Thus this work provides the first direct experimental evidence that collagen IV sulfilimine cross-links contribute to BM mechanical properties and provides a foundation for future work on the relationship of BM mechanics to cell function in renal disease.  Acute kidney injury (AKI) due to renal ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) is a major clinical problem without effective therapy. Ginger is one of the most widely consumed spices in the world, and 6-shogaol, a major ginger metabolite, has anti-inflammatory effects in neuronal and epithelial cells. Here, we demonstrate our novel findings that 6-shogaol treatment protected against renal I/R injury with decreased plasma creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, and kidney neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin mRNA synthesis compared with vehicle-treated mice subjected to renal I/R. Additionally, 6-shogaol treatment reduced kidney inflammation (decreased proinflammatory cytokine and chemokine synthesis as well as neutrophil infiltration) and apoptosis (decreased TUNEL-positive renal tubular cells) compared with vehicle-treated mice subjected to renal I/R. In cultured human and mouse kidney proximal tubule cells, 6-shogaol significantly attenuated TNF-α-induced inflammatory cytokine and chemokine mRNA synthesis. Mechanistically, 6-shogaol significantly attenuated TNF-α-induced NF-κB activation in human renal proximal tubule cells by reducing IKKαβ/IκBα phosphorylation. Furthermore, 6-shogaol induced a cytoprotective chaperone heme oxygenase (HO)-1 via p38 MAPK activation in vitro and in vivo. Consistent with these findings, pretreatment with the HO-1 inhibitor zinc protoporphyrin IX completely prevented 6-shogaol-mediated protection against ischemic AKI in mice. Taken together, our study showed that 6-shogaol protects against ischemic AKI by attenuating NF-κB activation and inducing HO-1 expression. 6-Shogaol may provide a potential therapy for ischemic AKI during the perioperative period.  Polycystic kidney disease (PKD) is a common genetic disorder leading to cyst formation in the kidneys and other organs that ultimately results in kidney failure and death. Currently, there is no therapy for slowing down or stopping the progression of PKD. In this study, we identified the disintegrin metalloenzyme 17 (ADAM17) as a key regulator of cell proliferation in kidney tissues of conditional knockout Ift88 −/− mice and collecting duct epithelial cells from Ift88° rpk mice, animal models of autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD). Using Western blotting, an enzyme activity assay, and a growth factor-shedding assay in the presence or absence of the specific ADAM17 inhibitor TMI-005, we show that increased expression and activation of ADAM17 in the cystic kidney and in collecting duct epithelial cells originating from the Ift88° rpk mice (designated as PKD cells) lead to constitutive shedding of several growth factors, including heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (HB-EGF), amphiregulin, and transforming growth factor-α (TGF-α). Increased growth factor shedding induces activation of the EGFR/MAPK/ERK pathway and maintains higher cell proliferation rate in PKD cells compared with control cells. PKD cells also displayed increased lactate formation and extracellular acidification indicative of aerobic glycolysis (Warburg effect), which was blocked by ADAM17 inhibition. We propose that ADAM17 is a key promoter of cellular proliferation in PKD cells by activating the EGFR/ERK axis and a proproliferative glycolytic phenotype.  Klotho, which was originally identified as an antiaging gene, forms a complex with fibroblast growth factor 23 receptor in the kidney, with subsequent signaling that regulates mineral metabolism. Other biological activities of Klotho, including antiaging effects such as protection from various types of cellular stress, have been shown; however, the precise mechanism of these effects of Klotho gene in the healthy human kidney is not well understood. In this study, we examined the relationships of Klotho and antioxidative stress gene expression levels in zero-hour biopsy specimens from 44 donors in kidney transplantation and verified them in animal models whose Klotho gene expression levels were varied. The nitrotyrosine expression level in the kidney was evaluated in these animal models. Expression levels of Klotho gene were positively correlated with the p53 gene and antioxidant enzyme genes such as catalase, superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1), SOD2, peroxiredoxin 3 (PRDX3), and glutathione peroxidase 1 (GPX1) but not clinical parameters such as age and renal function or pathological features such as glomerulosclerosis and interstitial fibrosis tubular atrophy. The expression levels of all genes were significantly higher in mice with Klotho overexpression than in wild-type mice, and those except for catalase, PRDX3, and GPX1 were significantly lower in Klotho-deficient mice than in wild-type littermate mice. Nitrotyrosine-positive bands of various sizes were observed in kidney from Klotho-deficient mice only. The preservation of Klotho gene expression might induce the antioxidative stress mechanism for homeostasis of healthy human kidney independently of its general condition, including age, renal function, and histological findings.  Unaccustomed strenuous physical exertion in hot environments can result in heat stroke and acute kidney injury (AKI). Both exercise-induced muscle damage and AKI are associated with the release of interleukin-6, but whether muscle damage causes AKI in the heat is unknown. We hypothesized that muscle-damaging exercise, before exercise in the heat, would increase kidney stress. Ten healthy euhydrated men underwent a randomized, crossover trial involving both a 60-min downhill muscle-damaging run (exercise-induced muscle damage; EIMD), and an exercise intensity-matched non-muscle-damaging flat run (CON), in random order separated by 2 wk. Both treatments were followed by heat stress elicited by a 40-min run at 33°C. Urine and blood were sampled at baseline, after treatment, and after subjects ran in the heat. By design, EIMD induced higher plasma creatine kinase and interleukin-6 than CON. EIMD elevated kidney injury biomarkers (e.g., urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) after a run in the heat: EIMD-CON, mean difference [95% CI]: 12 [5, 19] ng/ml) and reduced kidney function (e.g., plasma creatinine after a run in the heat: EIMD-CON, mean difference [95% CI]: 0.2 [0.1, 0.3] mg/dl), where CI is the confidence interval. Plasma interleukin-6 was positively correlated with plasma NGAL ( r = 0.9, P = 0.001). Moreover, following EIMD, 5 of 10 participants met AKIN criteria for AKI. Thus for the first time we demonstrate that muscle-damaging exercise before running in the heat results in a greater inflammatory state and kidney stress compared with non-muscle-damaging exercise. Muscle damage should therefore be considered a risk factor for AKI when performing exercise in hot environments. Background/Aims: Clinical benefits of percutaneous treatment of renal artery stenosis (RAS) remain controversial. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of renal artery stenting on kidney function and blood pressure (BP) control in the log-term follow-up. Additionally angiographic follow up was performed in selected subgroup of patients. Methods: The study was designed as international registry of 265 consecutive patients with RAS treated with renal artery stenting. The primary end-point of the study was the change in renal function and blood pressure at long-term follow-up as compared with baseline values. Evaluation of the renal function was based on estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) with the use of the modification of diet in renal disease (MDRD) formula. Results: All patients had clinical follow-up at the median time of 23.8 (interquartile range: 3-90) months during ambulatory visits. At follow-up eGFR improved in 53,9% of patients. These patients had lower pre-procedural systolic BP, more severe lesion type at baseline and lower diameter stenosis in control angiography. At follow up visits, SBP improvement was observed in 77,4% of patients. The average number of anti-hypertensive medications before the procedure and at follow up did not change significantly (2,70±1,0 vs 2,49±0,9, p=0,1). Restenosis rate based on control angiography performed at median time of 15 months was 12%. Conclusion: The results of the study suggest that interventional treatment of RAS may preserve renal function and improve blood pressure control at long-term follow-up.